I live in austrailia and this was on 2017 the fireworks were canceled cause of the dead people and plane crash i felt so bad and guilty the whole time
They had it coming
Classic stall in the turn accident.
Does anybody know what type of aircraft this was, it looks like a Grumman Goose?
in Australia even the air is a danger
He thought he was in a fight jet, RIP.
I know the pilot :( rip
shit pilot
I was there and saw it go down it lost lift apparently and the engines cut out
We go to the Australia Day fireworks every year except this one and look what happens
Low airspeed, steep turn, uncoordinated turn. Classic stall.
Turned to tight to slow...... left wing stall. And that was that. Rip
Good, 2 less white conquerors in Australia. Long live the real Australian natives! Whites go back to Europe!
Is there any video of people been pulled from the plane. I seen a plane lose an engine, a spitfire. It ended spiralling and ended in the river in Fremantle. The pilot was saved. This crash appeared not to be a big impact and if the pilot and co pilot were wearing a seat belt, they should have survived. What I find interesting is the follow up. Okay,  you have fireworks set in place. This is about 7 million dollars worth of fireworks. You mean to say pack up. Everyone go home. Don&#39;t go to restaurants around the city, Just go home. Why? why can&#39;t we stop somewhere get something to eat. Why do we need to go home. So how about doing a special service with the fireworks and dedicate it to the pilot and co pilot. You already have the fire works there right? I find this highly illogical. Any thought or has anyone seen whereto fireworks had been set.
R.I.P
Too low and too slow, showing off for the crowds.<br>Showing off for crowds kills pilots every year somewhere in the world.
two less convicts.
Hopefully killed some aboriginals... never mind. They can&#39;t afford plane tickets
That&#39;s not a crash ,its alternative landing.
Putin...
Catalina PBY looks like port motor quit and pilot turned port a big no no  to avoid buildings.Can not turn a twin in the dirr of failed motor
Yogi Vartman?
&quot;It crashed or what&quot;? Nahhhhh
Aboriginal spirits took it over.
The Aboriginals will rise again !
Angle of attack...
&quot;Wov, it&#39;s crashed or what?&quot; No man, it&#39;s still flying under water...
Humph.  Australia Day?  People celebrating their sovereign country are probably alt right populist white nationalist cis white males
The Russians did it!
Oh dang!
What a noob pilot. Banking so hard like that while the speed is so low is asking for death. Yes i know the engine had probably failed, but there is a proper technique to glide the aircraft to a controlled descent. I know 2 pilots who crashed in a C172 as well, they handled it properly and escaped with only light injuries.
Stall.
Missed the building by a lot, lack of practice I guess.<br>Advise, talk to the Saudis next time. They know how to get it done.
rest in piss
pilot pissed on astrya day
Invasion Day! But damn bad luck... o3o
I thought it would crash into a building.
stalled...big time pilot error
:(<br>R.I.P.
Oh sweet Jesus. Watching and knowing that people will lose their lives is awful. I hope that Jesus was their Lord and Saviour.. I pray that it was instant and they felt no pain..
Pilot seems to have made point of avoiding ground casualties. Or was it just a rookie stall error, and lucky to be above water rather than downtown?
in fremantle we planned another day!! it&#39;s jinxed
I guess the pilot isn&#39;t having a very good g&#39;day. 😁
I was going to watch this video but my computer crashed
Yes, it clashed. There is also a band by the same name you should check out.  They have a song called &#39;Rock the Casbah&quot; I am sure would be right up your alley.
I had a dream about a plane a jet flying very low at me and next thing I know I turn around and look up and the Jet is a bus and it&#39;s no longer near me but in the distance and careens into a Marriott and the scene looked so similar to this video it&#39;s scared me other than the plane going down and water it was identical
Deadass
Did a good avoiding buildings. RIP indeed.
Aussies,  are Down under for sure. LMAO