Smita Patil was second wife of Raj Babbar ..His first wife was Nadira Babbar..
Just a waste of time if u cannot keep to marriage commitment. <br>Love is tested when u go through valley experience. <br>These are people are not true role models that the next generation follow. <br>Just a waste of valuable time
00
Hii
O
Chi Chi Chi what is this, no ethics
मुस्लिम लोग हिन्दू लड़की को टारगेट करते है
Madhuri was never wife of anil kapoor. Research team short work more precisely
Raj Babbar also two time married Smita was his second wife
Sorry&#39; Smita Patil was 2nd wife
Richa Sanjay ❤💕
Hey! Do you not have any other news to give. You are giving news no one cares. It’s 2021. Stop being so boring . 12 years older 13 years older who the hell cares. Get a life.
NEEDS VALID OFFICIAL PROOF IN SUPPORT OF CLAIMS ALLEGED IN VIDEO.
Madhuri Dikshit dateing chesindy sanjay dutt tho 3 years khalnayak movie makeing time lo enka evaru tho cheyledu
Smita Patil was the second wife. Raj bubbar was already married to Nadiraji with two children when he married her
OBSERVED THE ACCIDENTAL OR INCIDENTAL MARRIAGES CELEBRATED BETWEEN EMINENT ACTORS AND ACTRESSES AND REALISED. BUT NEEDS NO OPINION ON THIS ISSUES.
OMG
Remove Madhuri pic from display
Smita Patil is NOT the first.wife of Raj Babbar... Please.get your facts right before you speak..
Raj Babbar was married to Nadira first and then to Smita.
Smitha Patil was not Raj Babbar&#39;s wife. He was married to Nadira Babbar ( the actress from &#39;Bride &amp; Prejudice&#39; who played Aishwarya Rai&#39;s mum)<br>when he had an adulterous affair with Smitha Patil.<br>Sridevi could not marry a much married Mithun Chakravarty who was married to Yogita Bali then. Sridevi apparently was not able to break up that marriage as well as she did Mona Kapoor&#39;s marriage by having an affair with Boney Kapoor &amp; having his illegitimate (first) daughter. Mona Kapoor&#39;s mother once hit Sridevi for that.
Marrying Hindu girls
nadira babbar is first wife of raj babbar and smita patil is second wife of raj babbar.
Smita Patil is not the first wife of Raj Babbar. Raj Babbar was already married to Nadira Babbar when Smita Patil came into Raj Babbar’s life. Sridevi is also not the first wife of Mithun. Mithun was already married to Yogita Bali when Sridevi entered Mithun’s life.
Please use proper information and language
Your news about Raj Babbar is not correct
Correction: Smita Patil was Raj Babbar’s second wife n not first!!
Reena is so ugly
Sab kuch Pata karne k baad vdo banana chahiye tha
Are you mad or what..??
Smita Patil was not the first wife of Raj Babbar. His first wife was Nadira Babbar. And also Raj Babbar never married Smita Patil. Get your information correct before making the vedio&#39;s
Smita Patil was not the first wife of Raj Babbar. Nadira Babbar is his first wife. Mother of Juhi and Arya Babbar.
Hindi me bolo madam. Aisi angrezi ka apman na karo.
Main bhi anil aur madhuri ko dekne aya tha
Parkash kaur is not singer from pakistan she belong to punjab village banbhura ..... Sangroor
crazy,  everyone almost is a second hand bride
Behenchod... Lifepartner hai ya kachha..<br>😜😝😆😂
I dnt know why sanjay datt is famous for hero. Where is the issues of drug, terrorist, connection, family crisis. One who can not protect ones family, it is not respectable. It is disgusting ! One more farahan aktor.... is hero ? ..i dnt know ! Too much nepo kids..
Wow
I wish you would talk in correct English
Not true
Nadira Babbar is the first wife of Raj Babbar, not Smita Patil
Boycott Bollywood
1a
Smita Patil is not the first wife of Raj Babber. Please check your facts. <br>Raj Babber was already married n had kids too from his first wife.
Smita was second wife of raj babbar.. nadira was /is first..
IN A COUNTRY LIKE INDIA ALL THESE ACTORS MARRYING FOR 2ND TIME ARE BASTARDS
As I remembered that Sridvi and Mithon we’re loving each other and decided to get married but her mother didn’t accept that as he was a married man and he has two kids in that time
Raj babbar first wife is nadira babbar.<br>Smita is second wife.
Smita Patil is not the first wife of Raj Babbar...He was already married .
Smita is not the first but second wife !
Smitha Patel is not first wife..she was second
Smita Patil was not the first wife of Raj Babbar. Nadira Zahir Babbar was  Raj Babbar&#39;s first wife. Smita Patil was his second wife. Nadira and Raj Babbar reconciled after Smita Patil&#39;s death
Me just believe wateva i hear ,reading comments makes me realize how silly nd gullible i am ( 😂😂😂😂)
Smita Patil is not the first wife, she is the second wife of Raj Babbar. Pl check the authenticity of the informations before you release your videos.
No by
Prakash kaur is not a singer  You r giving wrong info  Prakash kaur was another lady
Why u guys want to interfere in others life???
Don&#39;t give wrong information for publicity if you don&#39;t know properly. Research well before doing the video people can sue you for giving false statements. If you don&#39;t know correct information better keep quiet don&#39;t uploaded anything on the YouTube. <br>Raj Babbar&#39;s first wife is Nadira Babbar not Smitha Patil.
Why you put Anil kapoor&amp;madhuri photo
Is me second ya fir third husbands b likha ja skta tha. Ya dono. Nahi to dono hi nahi
Smita Patil was 2nd wife of Raj Babbar and not 1st... Check your facts
please ban bollywood. dont spread the crap
Let)
Madu
Smita Patil was the second wife of Raj Babbar...his 1st wife is Nadira Babbar
Kabir Bedi&#39;s son Siddharth why not mentioned
Ben
Why are you fooling us by keep ing ani Kapoor&#39;s and madhuri mam photo on pic screen
Do you want to sell your kidney? Are you seeking for an opportunity to sell your kidney for money due to financial break down and you don’t know what to do, then contact us today and we shall offer you good amount for your Kidney. if you are interested Contact  <br>Regards<br>WhatsApp: +919958750848
Smitha patil is not the first wife of raj but second
Silly video 😋
if sridevi stayed married to mithun, she might have been alive today 😣
Best pair sanju madhuri.<br>Best pair Anil madhuri
Banchot tera addpicture thik karke de....
Nadira babbar is Raj babbar &#39;s first wife
Smita is raj babbar &#39;s second wife
You forgot javed Jeffrey sir
Anil sir and madhuri mam look too cute
Misleading.
Wrong. Smita was the 2nd wife of Raj Babbar. His first wife was Nadira
I am going to band this Smoky Evening from my list of not to open videos.
Smita was second wife, check facts
Yeh filmi stare apna life partner aisa badalte hai jaise dress badalte hai
Sala aise logo ko itne subscribers kaha se milte he
min <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz36W8rt7do&amp;t=231">3:51</a> es Jenifer Winget... the second wife.
Shradhaa was not part of dil mil gaye show... wrong information
Better you sày in hindi, now it&#39;s like Hinglish
Smita Patel was Raj Babbars 2nd wife, after her death he went back to his first wife.
Dhrminder’s wife Prakash Kaur is not the singer Prakash Kaur .. Wrong information
Smita Patel was Not the first wife of Raj Babbar, infact it was Nadira Zaheer
Sridevi was mithuns first wife but they got separated as mithun wasn&#39;t prepared to divorce his first wife. This woman talks completely wrong.  Please learn your English
Yeh salo ki kya jindagi he.saalo ne hawas ka nanga nach macha rakha he samaj me
Smita Patil was the second wife of Raj Babbar
Where is Anil sir and Maduri mam
This cover pic of Madhuri and Anil Kapoor is so misleading n stupid. I don’t understand why do people need to use wrong infos to seek attention
50454
Oohh shit....when i saw saif and amritas pic...i was confused and thought thats sara ali khan....sara look exactly like her mother
Disgusting Bollywood Mafias
Pl update all your knowledge before making sick videos
Smita ia the second wife of Raj Babbar. And Arjun Ramphal had only one wife. What do you mean by 1st wife? Now he has a gf. They are not married. Arjun got divorced much later. Ir has nothing to do with Susan Roshan.
half knowledge video you cant show everybody later who they married and present wife or husband
Do Your HW properly <br>Smita patel is not first wife of Raj babber <br>Nadera Zaheer Babbar is the first wife of Raj bubber
Get ur facts right lady.
Nadira is 1st  wife, smita was 2nd.
Why you put anil and madhuri Pls stop doing such,Anil has a nice family and so madhuri
Nadira Zaheer  is the first wife of Raj Babbar, not  Smita Patil
Anil over acted in many films.
Anil seems fool sometimes,acts like her husband,or childish,unrequited
Main Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit ji ko dekhne aaya tha . Please stop fooling to people .
NADIRA BABBAR WAS THE FIRST WIFE OF RAJ BABBAR. HE STATED IN AN INTERVIEW THAT IT WAS NOT WORTH IT GOING TO MEET HIS FIRST IN DELHI DURING THEIR THEATRE DAYS.0
Smita Patil was the second wife of Raj babbar my dear correction here
Smita Patil was not the first wife of Raj Babbar. Atrocious english.
Smeeta was Raj Babbar&#39;s 2nd wife not 1st. Nadra was his 1st and again 3rd wife
What difference it makes if they had 1.2.or 3 wives.if U cant love d first U cant love d rest.
Please educate yourself in History and Geography. Pakistan didn’t exist before 1947. Use British India instead.
Kamal didn&#39;t get married in 1988 with vani it&#39;s wrong
Smita patil was not raj babbar’s first wife. It was Nadira Babbage. Smita was second wife. Please get your facts right.
Smita was not first wife of Raj babbar
Why is Madhuri n Anil kapoor&#39;s pic on your screen. Please  stop fooling
Who is the first wife salman khan  please tell me
show biz people r not contented lot?
Maine to Anil kapor or Madhuri ji ko dekhke aya tha😂😅😅
Dieforce hahah ... accent was so funny
Smitha patil is second wife of Raj Babbar. Nadira is First wife.
Not unknown....
savais pas!😒😒😒
Learn Love Vashikaran Black Magic 9833186345 Whatsaap
Let them live their lives the way they chose. Those who are no more rest in peace.
You show Jennifer Winget n say Shraddha Nigam. I really think you should be more careful about your content n visuals
where do yall get this stuff
Smita Patil was second wife of Raj Babbar not first wife. Raj Babbar first wife is Nadira Babbar
Arjun Rampal and Mehr Jasia are separated but they are still business partners.
smita patil was 2nd wife of rajbabar...
Not Smita Patil but Nadira was first wife of Raj Babbar.
Second!?
Smita was the second wife of Raj Babbar
Smita Patil was 2nd wife of Raj Babbar, 1st wife is Nadira Babbar
Smita Patil was 2nd wife of Raj Babbar.. Nadira Babbar is his 1st wife..
In formation in this video is incomplete
I still misses amrita Singh wife said Ali ..
Smita n sridevi both are second wife.
Ab batao jo pata hai woh bata rahe ho achcha ye to batao bhai ke Anil Kapoor kaha gaya aur madhuri dixit kahagi😡😡 ullu banane ka kaam karte ho ek video ke liye pagal hi ban gaye😭😭
Dharmenar&#39;s first wife was Parkash Kaur. However, she is not the famous Punjabi folk singer Prakash Kaur (the sister of another famous Punjabi folk singer and Bollywood playback singer).
Smita patil was the second wife of Raj babbar
One is enough
For Gods sake stop sending me appreciations again  n again
KAMEENI WHY DID YOU POINT  ANIL KAPOOR  AND MADHURI DIXIT...
ALL WRONG WRONG INFORMATION...FIRST COLLECT .. SORT OUT .. CROSS CHK...<br>.COMPILE ...
Smita was 2nd wife of RajBabbar. Nadira Babbar is the first wife.
The women speaking can&#39;t pronounce English words and has facts and gossip mixed up
Smita Patel is second wife. GET YOUR STORY RIGHT LADY,AND HER SON WAS SECOND SON FOR BABBAR
No knowledge
smrita too was second wife of raj babbar
Stop showing wrong news raj babbar&#39;s first wife is nadira Babbar and Mithun&#39;s first wife is Helena Luke.
Why are women so forgiving in nature?
Sameeta patal wasn&#39;t first wife of  Raj babbar ,Nadra was his first wife,  smeeta was 2nd wife.
aal thse film people marriage are just or show off, they dont know the sancity of marriage and  bondage rascles they only want sex worse than dogs and bitchs
Sale anil kapoor ne maduri dexit kob shadi kiya
Why did not mentioned karan 2nd wife Jennifer Winglet
Why you did not mentioned Fathaan Akhtar and Adhuna Bhavani have two beautiful daughters. Plus you did not mentioned Sanjay Dutt 3rd wife and twin children(son and daughter)
Shame on them.What will their child learn?
Nadira babbar is firat wife of rajbabbar smiti patel is second wife of raj babbar
The thumbnail makes no sense
Wtf... all ulta pulta, voice should research properly.
Hame lazattalab bodAnd. Mobarake
Yo the lady who talking is so annoying her voice is horrible stop speaking English gosh
Get ur facts checked.............. Smita Patil was the 2nd wife of Raj Babbar . Also Sir Devi was never married to Mithun.
Smita Patil was second wife. Nadira Babbar was first. This is well known. Making video without checking details?
X
Dekho sab mohh maya hai .. hum kya leke aaye hai aur kya leke jayengey .. yeh sab hawaa me udd jaayega  🤭 mitti me mil jayega  hai 🐒🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍
Sri Devi was second wife to both
Natt.jumsad
Smita was second wife not first
Second !!!
1ths comment please Like