My favourite Ayesha Shroof ❤❤❤
👹 प्रेतराज और मालिक भी 👹👢🪞👹💔🧨🫀🪡🫀✂️ जितना भी भगवा भड़वा रोटी वीर्य के भूखे नंगे हो यंत्र तंत्र कंठी जनेऊ गांड़ लंड भोसड़ा छेदा में घुसेड़ कर मंत्र मन में रूहानी मंत्र बुदबुदा कर,,, फिर चीख चीख कर जॉंबी जैसा पंडिताई पेल रहा है और करौली रंडि जैसा भूत प्रेत जिन्नात इंसानों के शरीर से निकाल रहा है तथा ग्रह नक्षत्र ईष्ट पितर का ज्ञान पेल रहा है फुटपाथ के किताब से कापी करके एवं संपूर्णानंद संस्कृत विश्वविद्यालय से फर्जी डिग्री बनवा कर,,,तथा समस्त साधू संत सन्यासी अघोरी तांत्रिक,,, आदि सब पूर्ण नंगा खाली पेट विशेष रूप से जनेऊधारी रंडियों की नाजायज औलादों जॉंबी अवतारों अमावस नक्षत्र में खौफनाक मूसलाधार वर्षा में आधी रात्रि में शमशान में लाईन लगाकर खड़ा होगा तूसब,,, अन्यथा का दशा दुर्गा कामाख्या के खौफनाक मरण फटी भोसड़ा से भयानक होगा👹जय शमशान जय कब्रिस्तान 👹 that&#39;s it 👢⚰️🌏⚰️👙🔑💥🧄😈🧄👹👢 वेश्या अंजनी के लौंडा हनुमान का मंत्र मन में पढ़कर हस्तमैथुन करने या लौंडिया औरत के साथ चोदकर्म करने औरतों लौंडियों को ऊंगली से भोसड़ा लहसुन रगड़ने आदि में प्रचंड आनंद होगा और वीर्य नाली के किचड़ की तरह गाढ़ा तथा ढेर सारा बहेगा,,,,👹💔🎃🩸👹💔🎃🦜🦜🎃👹🩸⚰️⚰️🧨🫀✂️🫀📿🩴📿🩴🧄🧄🥭🥭🧄🩴🍅🍅🍅🍅☕☕☕☕🍔🌹🌹🌹🌹🍅🍅🍅🍅📿📿📿📿🔑🔑🔑🔑🪡🪡🪡🔦🔦🔦🔦💄💄💄💄🍔🍔☕☕🌹🌹⚰️🌹⚰️🌹🦜🌹👢👢👢👢⚰️⚰️⚰️⚰️⚰️⚰️⚰️🌏
❤️🔥
Saif and sharmila ji looks brother  sister
Wcw ju
Last ka dekh ne nhi mila because of advertising of other video
Mohit branded ke traph she aap shab ko dher share shubhkamnaayein aoor mere family ke traph aap log ko dher share shubhkamnaayein
Are paglo tabbu ne shaddi hi nhi ki
दुनिया की हर मां आपने बच्चे के लिये सुंदर ही होती है❤️🙏
Why r u using such thumbnails! 🙄
Neetu Kapoor
What is the background song?
Where is shushant&#39;s mother????
There should also be shraddha kapoor&#39;s mom. She is also beautiful
Actress and Actors son and daughter became Actress and Actors 😊...
Honey Irani is beautiful truly.too<br>All mum&#39;s r beautiful
Jaya Bachan is a blasted witch with her dil always fighting
Matlb Sab k sab he paidaishi kanj hen kameny
Tiger shroff mother look cutest ❤️💟
Tabbu ka beta Kartik Aryan kaha se ho gaya
Every mother is<br>Beautiful osam<br>Sharmila<br>Tagore<br>Is<br>Nice<br>Actress<br>In Bollywood forever 👑 🙏💖👌👍👰👰👰👰👰
Salmans mother didn&#39;t teach him not to be womaniser.
, ,
Vd is so Cute
Varun
Sirf star kids ki mothers ko hi dikhaya..is se pta chlta he ki Ranveer singh bhi star kid hi he ek trh se tbhi to sushant ki sari movies use de di...
Where is sreedevi🤨
Kuch bhi kya re gandu
Listen ever mother is beautiful😡😠😠😡
I like every mom&#39;s they and their son are so beautiful
She was very open at her time.
1u9p
Smoky basterds
Every Mother beautiful
I open the video  for seeing the kartik and his mother and you do cheating with us cheater 😡 and listen every mom are beautiful understand.
Every mother is beautiful u know
Ha rum ha ra mother very bad a a r mad u bludy beggar
My mom is the most beautiful if you think that your mom is also the most beautiful one hit like
Hrithik mom looking like his elder sister
I came just to see if kartik Aaryan’s mother is really tabu . But tabu is not married
My mother is seem like ranbir kapoor&#39;s mother she always taking care of me I love you mom
Tiger Sroff,s mother very very very beautiful
Tabu  is  not  married
Kartik  mom  is  not  tabu   stop  telling  lie
Why have I pot Kartik picture? It is really  disgusting😠😠
Hasn&#39;t anyone realized all these mama&#39;s boys have disastrous relationships.coz these so called mamas  cant accept  to see their sons with any other woman apart from themselves lol....
Kartik aryaan ka dikha ke .. kya bekar chiz dikhaya .. fraud people !
Athiya and Mana
Sunita still Charming and classy at the age of 54. What a joke? 😅😅😂😂
&quot; Inspite of being mother of Ahaan and Athiya, Mana looks still young and gorgeous.&quot; What does it mean? She can&#39;t be beautiful as being mother of Ahaan and Athiya?
Faltu thumbail
Why you featured tabu and kartik as mother son tabu ki toh shadi bhi nhi hui Aur kartik ki mom ka naam mala tiwaari hai
Neetu Kapoor 👌👌👌
Tabu is not even married still, she is 45 now
أول مرة أعرف إنو كارتيك إبن تبو 😱😱
No kartik and tabu are not son and mother
And Roger Federer is the 4th son of Salim Khan🤣🤣🤣
Every mother is beautiful❤️
Again these stupid videos rolling out which is full of nepotism... Digital agencies like these should be banned forever and given proper lessons by taking serious charges against these.
Who is watching this after rishi kappoor,s death
The clickbaits are horrible
Kartik ki mummi Tabu ji  hai?? <br>Kitna jhot dekhate hai logoko attract karne  k liye
Surprising that they could only remember that those ladies are mother of a boy child and forgot about the daughters !!!!
Views lana ke liye kuch bhi tabu ki abhi tak shaadi nahi huye hai or uska beta kaise
Every mother is beautiful 😍
So stupid.  First learn English properly. <br>You cannot even differentiate gender.<br>In all your videos this is an issue...<br>Bakwas
Tabu ki to Sadi to hue nHi 😂😂
What
Sharmila Tagore 💫
ALL THE MOTHERS IN THE WORLD ARE BEAUTIFUL, I know my mom is.
Dont you do anything locha with kartik he is my favourite
👌👌👌👌
You are a big lier
Rajesh khattar wae hai na jo RDJ ka dubbing krtai tony stark wala😘 just love his voice
Sushilacharak ke pati ne 2 baar saadi ki
Sharmila Tagore to Hindu hai na to iska beta saif ali khan nahi ho sakta
Tabu is not yet married but you kept her pic as a thumb nail as a mother of Karthik aryan
WTF.. Why u guys put Tabu and Kartiks Picture on Video..  This kind of misreading things are torally Wrong... U guys are 🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷
If you don&#39;t have an extra pic of any Bollywood actors mother and son or daughter then you can make anyone as them taabu  and Kartik. 😱
Honestly why so stupid??
tabu is not married
Your thumbnails are so stupid.
Ham logo ko pagal samgha hai kartic ki ma ko ham pehchante <br> hai
You foll sahid is so  of tabu
Tel mère tel fils!🥰🥰🥰
Your voice is very irritating..
😂😂😂😂😂Kya chutiyapa he ..kartik n tabu bichare
TABU HAHAHAHA
Sorry to say not done
Not everyone is gorgeous
Why u put Tabbu pic as ur cover pic???😈
Only tiger shroff mom is good looking
Who see this video for katik&#39;s mom🤪 hit like
Tabu is Kartik Aaryan&#39;s mother you brat
R8....
Video editor name?
Kon sa video editor se ye video editing ke
,
U are the hell to put kartik aaryan with tabus pic<br>bytheway she hasnt married
Tabu is.not mother of karti so disgusting you fool stupid
Fakeeeeeeee<br>Kartik aaryan ki mom tabu Nahi hai r u mad
What r u putting hopeleaa
You should stop adding fake thumbnails
Stop talking rubbish Kartik Aryan’s mother is Mala Tiwari .Google It
All plastics
pic toh kartik Aryan and tubu ki diye the😠😡
Salute  who liked this video 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Where is Karthik and tabo ..liers
Tabu ki shaadi hui ni kartick kess ayyyy hraaamm  ka hogaa
Shut up🙉🙊🙉
Karan singh ko kisne dala es video me,, shit is he a actor even, he is just a shitty guy
You are lying in your every video
Tabu is still not married
Stupid why u kept tabuu
Hame pagal samajha hai kya KARTIK ARYAN ke parents ko Dekha hai hamne vo kai sare show me bhi aaye hai jaise kapil sharma
Ok seriously come up with better thumbnails.
Cover photo dekh ke aisa laga kartik tabbu ka beta hai😂
His son,,, her mother of Hrithik Roshan😂😂😂
hoax
fake
I think kartik aaryan mother also looks very beautiful
Sushant Singh Rajput about chahiye
Wow
Pic for the video was fake which is not shown in the video about kartik and tabbu
Like who is that stupid person
Omg!Kartik and Tabu as son and mother!WTH
😎 Mr Lalla 😎
My name is also sharmila 😊😊😊😊✨🙋
Neetu kapoor is very good and has put up with a alcoholic husband and drug addict son
Wat da he&#39;ll. Is it real
Just shocked.
I am here because of the thumbnail. Since its click bait then you deserve dislike+ report
Thamnil kuch bhi , dikhaoo kuch bhi, tumko to gali dene ka maan kar raha hai
tapeeeee
Ranveer singh&#39;s mom is very beautiful.
Jhute 1 no. K
All nice
Why you put your video cover photo like taht bitch
Really you need comments... it&#39;s pakaaaaavvvvvuuuuu.....
Thumbnail 😂
So all mumma&#39;s boys are playboy 😔
Thumbnail sucks
What the hell?You always put wrong Information. Everytime! In one of your Channels videos only you mentioned Shahids Mother Married to Rajesh Khatter for the second time but in this video you say he is her third Husband. This is not the only thing. I have also seen many such mistakes.
Why the hell did u post Kartik and Tabu’s picture 😠
Mast
All mother are good 👌👌👌👌👌
Fake news salmans parents are not divorced
Wow
Acha hamain toh pata he nahi tha ....stupid lady anchor
Where is Kartik and Tapu.
All mother 👍
Agr ye thumbnail nhi lagata to bhala hum iska video kaise Dekhte views kamane ke liye tum log kisi ko bhi kisiki ma beta bap bna skte ho shame on you
Tabu ne saadi nhi ki...par ariyan jesa itna bada beta ho geya Jo hm pagal logo ko pata hi nhi chala🤣🤣 sukriya apki is jankari k lie
Why the hell you put kartik aryan and tabus’s pic?? Disgusting!
The thumbnail got me dead😂🤣
Nice show
Every mothers looking beautiful
Every mother is looking good
Awesome
Varun and his mother are beautiful
First
Amazing