Pagal bna rhi h

Nice

Cricket god  sachin ka gift is best
All gifts

It doesn't work that hard.
Best of luck virat for your first baby girl frm second eife

Funny those toys cost 1lakh 5lakh 8lakh i dnt believe

So cut  baby

Tedy bear

Did Anushka reveal all these to you?

Instead of giving these expensive things where people having money giving expensive things. Instead help poor people atleast feeding them food in this lockdown time.

So cute...

Pakistan

Jhoot Mat said that a teddy bear does not cost 1 lakh rupees.
Amir

Sachin tendulkar

David Warner

Or how much is left to show, show that too
How many subscribers are there?
Aamir

Sabhi

Warnr

God keep us safe
Jadeja ️
Mohd Amir ka

Shreeeyaaaashhhh ayyar sounded like Aiyaaash Iyer 
Even if anybody gives me 1 rupee coin as a gift its precious

God bless you baby

Verendra Shevag
Sachin Tendulkar gift is best.

Sachin sir
Sachin sir
harbhajan sing sir's gift..
Virendra sahevag sir did not give that
kohli status video.
Giving money to someone so expensive will make us run away 
Mad woman voice poor girl
Gold chain

A big Congratulations for your little precious princess. May God bless her. What a great cricket team.. Just for them to share that moment with Annuska and Virat is so precious. It&#39;s  not the value of gifts but,  the  endless thoughts and good wishes  to appreciate this occasion. May God bless them..Love the cricket Team. .Guys you Rock️

Doll house

Someone please gift me a job of 40-50 thousand rupees, I have to get my sister married.
Are you mad 700 me isse v bada teddy milta hai aur aap 1 lakhs
A thief or a thief's money makes full fixing in cricket or makes money...everyone makes money.
Gold chain.

Why are you going crazy like this?
Bekar vidio

<a href="">1:05</a> Deva re Deva re Deva utne me to apan ka real car ho jaayega aur usse 6-7 band bhi ghumenge 
David Warner is the gift of the Sai achaa gift haii
Car is verybeautiful

ABD Virat cheese 
Sehwag ji's gift is great
Rohit Sharma

It would be good if the poor people gave us some money to eat.
Gold car I want pls reply give me

You are not ashamed, but what did you get after posting the video?
Very nice beautiful

Soooo cute
All gifts beautiful️️️️️
Car gold
So cute

Praise the lord brothers and sisters God JESUS CHRIST is coming soon so we should pray that everybody should pray and believe God JESUS CHRIST and trust God JESUS CHRIST Amen

One and ony god of cricket sachin

Holicoptar

Super good 
So Cute Baby

Sachin ki
Doll house pasand aaya

Sachin Tendukar's gift received
Gold car..
Nice girl

HAPPY WOW

Jhuti news

 super baby

Sevak ka gift

Viru bhai gifted a nice car.
Sachin Tendulkar has given the cannon, it is very good
All gifts.dhoni <a href="">ka.gift</a>
ghothi

Sachin Tendulkar&#39;s gift flowers with hand written note which is more expensive than those gift ,becoz beautiful  words which touches our heart is always expressed in written form to the person whom we love a lot , so I choose Sachin&#39;s gift as most precious gift 

Wow 

Who told you all this Virat Kohli ???
I like all gifts

Ye Makeup set mare satth bhe hai pink colour only

Hi baby main in mahaan hastiyon ke diye hue gifts ke liye koi comments nhi karna chahti kyuki wo bahut achhe hai but on my behalf may God gives u very long healthy and  happiness life

Sachin ki gifts
Sachin is afraid of everyone.
Learn to say sister's name
Sachin sir ko km s km mithai to deni hi chaiye thi

It would be much better if all this was given to a poor person.
Giant panda ka rs  hai rs 700Barbie dolp house ka tlrs 5000 haiToy house ka rs 5000 hai

Now de Villiers never gave any gift
I like  gold   car

Virandra sahevag ka
All gifts is very beautiful 

Don&#39;t lie I will buy it in thousand lier

22 hme v thode  gift bhej doo bhut need hai hme ja thode pase hi bhej doo hm ne  apne bhai ko dene hai . Vse sb gift hi bhut sunder hai waheguru mehr kre viret 22 ke baby pr.

Sachin Tendulkar
sachin sir Gifts
Amir gift is best.

Sachin sir ka gift best tha
All this, who told you Virat Kohli that the gold car in the video is worth Rs 1 lakh and someone else says it is worth Rs 7 lakh?
Doll house

Dhoni tossed
I like doll 

And Rohit Sharma

Ravindra Jadeja the gift is best

Sachin's
Rohit Sharma 
Jhuut bol rhi h
Why do you give to a full stomach, give to an empty stomach
Chutiya bna rhe h asa kuch nhi h real my ase to isko 1 kror k gift hogye

Aaaaa baby naihai pagal banarehi hai
Doll house

Doll house

Dollhouse
Pakistani gifts..... Most expensive
Bomra gift is nice

Doctor set

All nice
Sachin gift is The best gift than all other expensive gift

Golden car
Doll house and my parents don’t buy me that if they don’t want to buy me that then why they buyed me expensive 2 lakhs ipad they should I buy me a dollhouse not this expensive thing :( but am happy :)

M amir

Virendra Singh
Aamir

HiVirat

Where are dhoni went 

Amir ka

I love my Bhumika Virat's daughter
cute

Gold car

Wow it is so good

Is there also a teddy worth Rs 1 lakh?
Gold chain for baby is a true blessing of Sachin
gold Car

Virendra Sehwag
Kyle jenner bought expensive worth more than million

Very.nice beby.humare.tarf.se.ashirbad.hai.ki.tum.achha.rahna.and.khus.rahnabeta
Cute baby

Who told you all this?
muzhe gold car bahut pasand aye mere pass hote to maine gaming pc longa

Gold car

Yaa bhai sachin is the best 
How do u know this?

Sachin

Very cute baby

Have you seen the gift from Virat's house?
Car

Rabindra jadaja
Did MS Dhoni not send any money?
️ so cute 
Jadaja and sachin and all cricketer

Rich is rich

Doll house Achcha Laga
O so cute

Sachin•gifts
Sweet box
Cute baby ️️
Bumrah

I loved Bumrah&#39;s gift

How do you people know these private gifts?

Golden car gift was best 

MaShAllAh

Sachin sir gift is so cute...n all are to..but others hv different way of showing care n love...Price btna ye in media walo ka kaam hai... Well it&#39;s my point of view..

Car

Sehwag

Sare ache gai
Tedybear

Sonu Sood ki trh log ki help ki...Tb manu aap aam amir ho...
Sachin&#39;s flower with notes of wishes ️

Beautiful

From where did you get the information

Toy house and baby doll 

Sachin ka gift,
Mithai wala gift is good

King  Mohammad Amir
Gifts should touch our heart

Do not say expensive gifts

Baby is soo cute love you virat

Rohit Sharma

Madam ji send me the pic of the time you gave the gift and I will wonder what did you say if I don't feel like it.
Harbhajan Singh gift very nice

How did you knowWhat have you done unboxing the gift from your hands
7 lakh

Karta India Crecetar
So sweet ️️
Rohit sarma

Sab ashe hai 

Gold ka soft toy teddy bear dollhouse chain

I like gole car so 
Fake .... Don&#39;t believe ‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️
Nice gifts 

Rohit &amp; David Wrner
Gold car

Sachin ka gift
Amir

Who told you all this, chimkhandi
Thegamaniyum kaalani
Muhammad Amir is a gift
did any Bengali noticed that in the thumbnail the baby virat&#39;s holding is the picture of Bengali actress subhashree&#39;s son ???

No need of expensive gifts only blessings is needed,sachins gift da best gift.....y to spend lakhs

Rohit Sharma gift

Public ka pyar he kafe hai

Source: Trust me bro

All are expensive What a funny

Golden chain
Dhoni sir's gift which he gave me in Ashirbad...
Gold chin️️️
Nice video<a href="">#sandeeplot</a>
Sachin tendulker sir ka.sbse acha gift h

Gold car

Muhammad Aamir
Golden car ...
Sachin bhai kuchh badiya deta ..kya hand written note bhej diya ..sumthing better also needed to be sent ..

Brindan to the golden car
Shikhar gift was nice

All

Ms

Sachin Tendulkar ki gift sobche achhi hai. He is the best. Vamika is so lucky that she gets a special notes from master blaster.

Hi

Harbharjan sir gift nice
All gifts r best for baby girl of virat and anushka

Mithaaai 

Abe tumhe kaise pata be???

Virat 
That gift of 7 lakhs felt good to me
I am shocked because ab de villiers didn&#39;t give anything

Birat Kohli has a lot of wealth. His daughter does not need expensive gifts. It would be better for cricketers to spend that money to end poverty in India.

Sachin Tendulkar because he gave us blessings to virat kohli &#39;s baby

Viru baba Ki Jai

Virendar Sahewag's gift has come
Sachin simple gifts is the best for every persons...

Rohit Sharma

What little did you do?
So so so cute baby 
Sachin Tendulkar
A gift send by sachin is more expensive than all others

Sachin Tendulkar and rohit sharma and bumraah

Mohammad amir gift was best

Fake news

David warner gift

David warner

How did you get it and from what source??
Sachin  ka gift

Warner

Aren&#39;t you exaggerating things

Price doesn&#39;t determine the value of a gift and it&#39;s all about love

Amir



M.Aamir both are cute, what gift have you given to us?
sachin tendulkar&#39;s

Rohit Sharma ️
David Warner is married
Anushka Didi bohat nice baby

Virat Bhai bohat cute hai apki baby

me

What is the price of an expensive gift? .. a gift of ₹ 1 is worth a lakh.. it is given with feelings. ...by the way...Virat did not tell me what...this gift I have got..worth so much money...???
Gold chain

The gold car

Sachin sir's gift is the best gift
Savag gift car
No need to say, expensive, and its price every gift is precious, just dont look its price.. Sachins gift is most precious one!! 

Dhoni......
M. Amir ka gift 
How Did You Know These All What Is Proof

Wrong infirmation a toy helicopter wont cost that much or the other gifts too

Sanchin Tendulkar ka gift pasand aaya.

God bless baby of Virat Kohli and Anuska

Congratulations both of u and  virushka baby girl  also.

Sachin Tendulkar sir's gift has no value, it is a priceless gift
First of all she is not Virat s daughter he is a boy

How the hell do you know

The price of gifts has not increased much.
It&#39;s real or fake

This video is so annoying but I still watched it  to irritate  myself

Say ?????????????
Sachin sir ki gift.  I like it
Gold car 

Dhoni kuchhh nehi veja….. Sachin sir is the best.
Tottaly
Sachin Tendulkar sir&#39;s ka gift is really priceless gift️

Msd gift he received
Nice imagination

Muhammad Amir Ka gift Is Sach A Cool Person Muhammad Amir
Ye Kya mzaak h stuff toys itne mehnhe .. kaise

How would you know about their prices,have they told you

Ye sabh fake news Hain

Muhammad Amir
I love Sachin expensive gift
1 lakh ka helicopter XD

Amir ka gift

I liked expencive doll house

Sehwag and Warner both lovely gift

Comments section sounds like the cricket gallery before Nov 2013.

Amir and warner gift

Mohammad amir

Mohammed Amir&#39;s gift is best

Whatever she is telling is <a href="">fake.no</a> one has announced about the gifts where did she get the information.crazy and wasting her time as  well us with such kind of video

Sachin tendulkar

How do you know ? They have never disclose it

Shreyas iyer Ka gift ️️️️️️️️
Sewhag

Gold car ×shewag =1Warunaru gift ×Austeliya =2
I like sachin gift is really touching

Doctors set

Koli ,cricket is not a game this is business doing in india ,no one help to covid in india ,you are unfit to live here

Gifts are given by love not money...

Sachin sir
Mohammad Amir gift spr

I love the binding between ind and pak 

All of them cannot open hospitals, all of them can't ask for oxygen, all of them can't help the farmers...or it's everyone's fault who spends money on tickets to watch the match before them, they go to the theater to watch movies today, these people log help don't do it 
Jab app je information lele gyi thi to app ne kya gift kiya???

Car 7 lack

Sachin sir ka gift .......
If you have to spend so much then poor people should also
I am your super biggest fan 

Sachin&#39;s gift

Wow dream of every parents

Ong

Very expansive gifts

All gift r awsom
Hi

Fake

All super

Car

Did virat n anushka called you and tell about  all these gifts  .. i knew it is fake but then also came here to write q comment  ... Views pane ke liye achha idea haiii vaise 

Virendra sehwags customised golden car... is the best gift... Worst gift  and  conjus gift is Sachin&#39;s flower bouquet and letter

IT IS FAKE .,TOY HELICOPTRE. IT IS NOT EXPENSIVE FAKE

Virat best friend is abd what about him

lvu virat baby
Mohammad Aamir can marry
Silence for those who thinks this is real

1 lakh rupees worth giant teddy bear
A lakh is not enough to log in.
garbage
Virat Kohli seems to have reported everything to you.
You are the one who keeps the betel leaves in my mouth.
Om

So cute

Goldan car

Kuch vi for views 
So,cute

I like amai gift he is from he is from Pakistan birthday admirers Indian cricket team captain so I like his gift 

Because the gift sent by Sachin Tendulakar sir has no price, it is priceless.
Virender sehwag ki poison
Matlab,kuch bhi???

Even a little... Meaning a little too...
Amir

Now what is Taimur's time?
Virender sehwag
so buetifull i love u
Kuch v
Jadeja  sweet taste
Areee bhai kyy mst juth bolte ho

Golden car
Amir

Doll house

Amir ka gift

MashAllah

Congratulates virat and anuska

sachin

Virender sehwag
Lakh ??its too much !!
Speak it right
Mohd aamir you
Ye...to sabko friend bolti hei
Sachin Tendulkar's gift
God car

Gold car

Mohd amir ka

Bumrah's Diya wow toy
How do you know about price This is fake

Win the match 

I love all but love you super V

Gold car

Sachin ka gift
Golden car is best gift
Dhoni did not give a gift
Car

Buity ful baby verat sir helth and ayse take god

Doll set

I like rohit sharma gift 
How do you kno price

Vamika be like sachin uncle what have you done
Gold car

Rohit Sharma gift  is nice️
Sachin Tendulkar
gold chain others are worthless bcz baby is too small to play with them.anyway gifts doesn&#39;t matter the best gift is Sachin sir&#39;s gift.

Develliers did not give anything
ABD would also have given the necessary strength
Gold car

Oll gift are nice

Sachin&#39;s is the most precious one. Nothing is more important and valuable than heartful blessings...

Ha tum hi to virat ki buaa ho

Rohit Sharma gift
1 lakhs  teddy bear 

Golden car.
Read it
Have you eaten Dhoni's gift?
I love Sachin gift because blessings are preasius

Are all these true ?And is the baby shown in the video really Vamika?

Beti toh beti hoti hai
The baby is very lucky

Gold toy car pasand

And Sachin Tendulkar's blessings are very good I like it
Helicopter and Giant teddy bear

Shreyas iyer ka gift
Yeah kuch bhi bol the hai

Gold car

The toy car that the doctor has sent is very nice 
Suresh real ka

Car

Sachin Tendulkar gift
Amir

This girl called shreya iyer as shreyasss aieyrrr 

I am happy that m amir has also sent gift to virat kohli

The girl has not been born yet, but my father has given gold to me….I have asked my father to give me an artificial ring, so I only eat it with slippers.
Gold car

Virendra Sehwag is a best gift for Virat Kohli girl

Baby house

I lick gold car

Gold car

According to what she said on her picture, I don't even know what she said.
David Warner

David Warner s gift

That gift which Mohammad amir give to baby girl that of a legend virat kohli very very love for virat kohli from Pakistan

Jadeja one is cute

Je sab aap logo ko...baby girl ki bua..batah.rhi hai..Kohli ki sister.. thanks..1.5k likes...

Kuch v nhi
Sachin tendulkar

Sachin tendukars is the best gift

Nice babu ️ virat kohli️
Sabse acche Dost Hai a b and Virat

A b de Villiers' gift will definitely come.
Where is A b de Villiers
Car

Veeru wala
Silver LAMBORGHINI

7 lakh 
Shreyaaas Iyer 
Sachin️
Lots of blessings for the girl

Sachin Tendulkar ️
Sachin and Sachin because blessings more matter than expensive things

Aamir

Congralation Virat sir quety baby
And what is there no less?
Virendra Shewag
Who told you all this? Everyone's gift  What did you say?
Jo mane baeja
Md amir

Toy doctor set

Who gave you all this information? 

Is it real video of  Virat Kohlis daughter video

How much news is there?
Didi friends nahi friend
Gold car

Celebrity matters guys..Common admi k liye toh 1lakh mein pura baby naming celebration party ho jata Hain.. but yeha pr gifts hi minimum 1 lakh ki de ja rahe Hain.. I&#39;m not envious of it, just told the facts....Some people will say, they could give the money to the poors instead of that.. Guys, just search for it, they all cricketers are already helping poor people/NGO in various ways in many times.. So they should not be trolled for this.. I think..Bdw God bless virat sir&#39;s daughter ️️️

Sachin&#39;s gift 
This is illegal money taken from Modi and will never be spent.
The golden car

Only rohit

Sachin ka gift
I didn't like anything at all
David warner

Rohit Sharma

Rohit gift is special

Sachine

Shayas nhi shreyas
Sachin Tendulkar&#39;s blessings is the most precious gift.

Mohammad Amir&#39;s Sweet Box.
Who is Virat?
Don&#39;t eat those sweet @virat

How did you know the details??? Every single details.....wahhh

I have like to To hit Rohit Sharma gift

Mohammed aamir Pakistan bhai wah!

Aunty ji, when you told me this price, it is too much, why don't you throw it so that you can drink it?
Sheyaaas iyyer
Everyone gift
How to know the price of yours?
Who told you the money 
Sehvag gift is nice

R u crazy, that baby on his hand is Bengali actress subhasree gangulys son. Kuch v in thumbnail. 

Rohit sharma

Car

Virat sir your baby e nice CE I love

Shreaas yerrr 
Is this real

Sachin Tendulkar&quot;s  gift
Sachin Tendulkar gift was good 
Lol sweet box
Kus? no fan?
AB DIVILLERS KAHA GYAA MAMM

Sare gift 1 lakh ke hi kyu hai

Gold car

Sehwag

I think m amir but IAM from pakistan

David Warner

Gold car

Why are you saying so much nonsense brother?
Sachin Tendulkar ️️️️
Hope these people donated to orphanage instead of wasting money

Tujhe Kahan se pata Chala.

Rohit sharma is best gift
Ia that really virat baby

Dhoni ko to bhuel gay saeblog 1 1.5 or 2 lakh ki gift di no aepene decision kiya kya hai
Sweat box
Bhai Sachin Tendulkar god of cirket 

Rohit Sharma 
Aamir kka gift
Nice .subcribe.life style chakwal.How we spend day .   Haha
Dhoni did not give anything?
Mohammad Aamir
I like virendra shewag golden car.
Bhai papu na bana jar price 1 lakhs to 9 lakhs
Sachin sir ka gift
David noob
Sachin Tendulkar
All gift

Gold ka achha hai

Rohit Sharma

The person who sends repentance with heart and with love, that gift is never small or big.
MUHAMMAD AMIR

I think Sachin gifts

I am

<a href="">2:20</a> This will also be worth 2 lakhs.
Gold cer

gold plated car is very nice

David warner gift

God bless you

Tati gift
David Warner ka gift

Kids didn&#39;t have need of these expensive things Lol

Nice video

Gold car

Mujhe sab sab badhiya wale sab acche Lage taraf se shubhkamnaen

Mohammed amir ka dua
Sir cute baby sir

There are no niches below 1 lakh in the year.
laura video  
Cute baby

How did you know?
Mohammad Amir 
What's the use of their money in the niche of lakhs, beeee We are desi people, we are fine.
My beja massage
baby are look same virat kohli...

Sachin

I liked gold car

Forvil

Thank virat kholiFrom R syed Rafi

Doll house

Amir
I like jasprit bumrah&#39;s giant teddy bear

Sachin  gift  was  ️️️
How did you know all this? Did Virat Kohli tell you himself?
Amir️
Ok, I keep a lot of blessings, Sehwag's expensive car is good because even giving an expensive gift requires a very big heart,
Rohit Sharma na

Nice 
How do you know about these gifts

And what gift did you give?
Mujhe Sachin sir ka gift pasand aaya op

Lucky girl she is

Sachin sir ki gift
Rohit sharma ke gift

Rohit Sharma gold chain and super gift

Did you buy all these toys from me <a href="">h.Jo</a> did you know the price of everything?
Car

Gold cair

Ye teddy bear 2000 me b mil jata

Amir gift

Sachins gift s best The kid will outgrow these expensive gifts fast

Only blessing matter, the rest is means nothing ️

Sachin

Baby ka name ky he
Rohit sharma&#39;s gift

Jade yes ka
How did you find out?
Mohammad Aamir ka

David Warner....

1 There is no need for the poor to give gifts to the rich.
Most expensive thing is elder and gods blessing

Very  cute baby  God  bless  you

Sachin Tendulkar&#39;s gift
Army ma work karta unka bachao ka liya kuch bi kyu send nahi karta unka salary bi low high risk job bi ha cricket wala ka salary crore ma ha I hate all gift

Manasa.v
My goddess, don't see any Malayalis 
Rohit Sharma ka gift

Sister, why do you come here to wash utensils? You are talking about itana andar.
Amir ka gift

David

What did you send for your sister's daughter?
Virat and Anuhka's baby's gifts, no need,, yes baby. K.O. Dowah Chahiyie,. Ticq Rahin,,,,Toofa. There is no need to talk, Anuhka, and Virat Toofa, I pray for you, my baby. Always be proud. Insha Allah ️
Great

Nice

It

Car

Gift doesn&#39;t matter only matter is blessing 

Warner

Did Ab de Villiers send any gift

Dhawan&#39;s gift price
Car

God bless baby

I liked Muhammad  Amir  gift
Anushka Sharma ne call kr bataya Kiya apko,,gift with price b, price to Virat kohli ko b ni pata hongy, gift Kiya tag lga kr bhejy thy sbne

I loved sachin&#39;s gift ️
Oh my dear, those children.. I gave these precious gifts to you my dear..
Why didn't I say anything???
Pehle toh didi aap viratt viratt na kare.. and seriously how does she know who gave wat

Goled car 
Where did MSD go and Dhoni is also there in the second video, don't give wrong information in this.
Who told you all this? Not Anushka or Virat.
no one also
Who gave you all these informations Virat Kohli ne?

May gods blessing be with their family ever. So cute baby.

Price kyu bta re ho

Rohit 1

Dhoni did not send, he is a very bad man, Dhoni, Kohli is the best Kohli Kohli Kohli........
Gold car

David Warner I like it

How did you find out that the price of all these is Rs 1 lakh or more?
Welcome baby girl ️️
Apne bola ki esab expensive gifts me se konsi gift pasand hai......to mujhe vamika pasand hai as a gift

Nyc baby

Sachin

Shyeas Iyer nhi sryeash iyer

Gold car

All the gifts are fraud

Doll  house

There is no way to earn money, we have got the gift of 2 luck.
How did you got this information???Even with price

Jitne players gift diye sab price Bata kr de rhe the kYa 

Schin

Rohit Sharma

Gave my kitchen a gift
Who eats sweets? A four month old baby will not eat sweets.
Golden toy car is best
Who knows you madam? Who sent what gift??
Sachin&#39;s and amir

All gifts are out of affection.. So there is no comparison

Gift kholne ap ko bulaya tha kya

Sweet baby girl

sweets box and sachin tendulkar&#39;s handwritten note with flower bouquet

Phli baat madam gifts ki value na lagao aap ...these are given by heart .....not just for competition....

Gold chain

You are pagal

She is very cute

Brother, all the cricketers are good friends of Virat, no need to tell.
Gold car

Rohit sharma gold chain

Eto taka kn bhai?

Sachin because lots of blessings is important more than expensive Gift

Dool house

All r well gifts

Viru ka gift

Actually sachin ka gift valuable hai...emotions never counted in value(money)

how did you find it
Amir ka

Sachins the most precious

Ohh toy car in gold amazing

You are a gift
Golden car he na bhai

Longing 
Gold car

Amir the bi wao
rohit ki cen

R

So cute

I ate everything
Why are you talking to us again?
Aur k

What did MS Dhoni send?
Mujhe koi bi gift pasand nhi aaya 

It's a gift
Itna to anath aashram me de dete to bhukhe achcha khana khate.aur duva bhi dete.

My little sis birthday is on 2021 same date of their baby

Tendulkar's gift is the best of all.
Sachin Tendulkar geft is beautiful
Many daughters of a poor man will get married in toys worth so much money.
All gifts for such cute girls are very good 
Car

Sachin&#39;s gift. 
Sachin Tendulkar Government Government has sent me a very nice gift.
How much benefit would there be if money was given to a poor? Ayesha, if you don't give up your life, don't fight for money like this, but help a poor.
East or West Sachin&#39;s was the best

Wornar gefth bast
All gifts

Sachin

global️
This news should be kept in mind because some girls are unable to get even a toy worth Rs 10 or play with it due to poverty.
Sachin Tendulkar wishes very expensive gift for Virat baby
Good car

I like Rohit Sharma &amp; Sachin Tendulkar gift because

Congratulation mujhe gold kar bahut pasand thank you Virat Kohli

Virat sir ki bacche bahoot aache aaur sunder heyy

I liked 10 lakh rupees.
Legend Sachin is Best blessings

Rohit Sharma ka gift

Helicopter

The most Precious gift from Legend.....Sachin Tendulkar

Sachin Tendulkar 
I like gold car gifted by virendra sehwag

Even if he helps the needy people with money, he will never be hungry in his life, but the world will never understand... the people who are so rich run behind him and never give such a gift to the soldiers.
I love sachin tendulkar gift becoz nothing is more expensive than blessings

Sachin tendulkar kaa gift
Sachin gift is best .
1st Gold car

Looks like this YouTuber is very close friend of all cricketers and Virat family, she knew  prices of all the gifts, 

Well, this is all Virat must have told you, what app is Virat's relationship show?
Any gift given by someone with love, even if it is a pencil, is equal to gold.
Rohit and jumprit are best 

Rohit only

Teddy Bear 1 lakh rupees 
Tendulkar
Rohit sir
david warner️
Gold car most like

Mujhe to Golden kar Pasand I Jiska price 100000 rupees hai

M Amir ka

golden car

I have also big teddy bear har price is only 1000

In this happiness, poor girls can get married.
Rohit Sharma and the  kohil Sri  l Lovo Sri

His baby

Aamir

I&#39;m thinking about the Golden toy car 

most important and impossible gift in today&#39;s life is to give some1 your precious time from your busy schedule. I like Sachin sir gift. rest all r just showing off there money power.

Shriya
All

Price does not matter, what matters is the heart of the person giving, even if the gift is worth Rs 100.
sachin sir gift her a blessed so i like his gift 
The price of gift is not told by the one giving the gift or by the one taking the gift
Who did you know?
Mashallah very beautiful
Gift given by Shreyas Iyer.

M.Amir
Sachin sir's gift is the most expensive because nothing is better than blessings.
Doll house

Sehwag

You should get a noble prize because you have done so much.
Doll  blushed and  Helicopter  So Kut   Girl

Where is ms Dhoni best friend of Kohli from Indian team

They are so good but they are not expensive

Sachin Tendulkar is a gift
Donating something makes you feel better.
I haven't seen a teddy worth Rs. 100,000 till today and I keep falling asleep
Rohit sharama

Gold car
Gift by Sehwag sir

What is special about it?
Virender Sehwag's secret
Gold car is very beauty

Sachin

Virat Kohli told why the girl did not go to the street
Gold car 
Sachin the God of cricket.

Doctor set is good
Your Anushka would have told you all this... Or Virat would have sent pic and video... AP is very special to you naaaaa
David Warner&#39;s gift

Car super
May God bless this Rabne di Beti

Mereko gold car

Tell all this about your cricketers.
Nice

sachin sir k gift️
Gold car

Sachin tendulkar letter
I like Sachin&#39;s gift , sachin gift is best gift I think

Jaddu Bhai's
tell me how high your log is
Sabka gift apni jagah accha hota hai,   sabse important is love as well.

Gold car

Sehabag

car passed aaya hai

Congress guru

Lot&#39;s of prestigious, special and best gifts are given to Virat Kohli&#39;s daughter by the Indian cricketers and alongside with David Warner of Australia and Mohammad Amir of Pakistan. 

Gold car by viru jinke pas h unhe hi dete h sb k will come back
mujhe doctor toy set pasand aya

So cute baby 

Rohit sharma ka

Ajay sir
Why do you look after everyone's gift? Who is giving you what is your aunt? What is yours? 
️️️ nice girl
Amir

I love Sachin Tendulkar&#39;s gift, because they are valuable by their price but the hand written note is most expensive gift by heart.  And also Amir&#39;s gift that sweet box

I also want to become cricketer remember my name Shree sikarwar Women cricketer

I like giant teddy

Itne mahege toy inke ander kya hii

Virendra Singh's gifts
All the cricketers bought gifts from his shop.
Jaddu 
Rohit sharma ka

I like Sachin tendukal gift
Sachin took out a pot and a book from the oven.
Shreyas iyer

Sb sy kam qemt amir ka tha

we liked the daughter
Rohit

Gb 
Lovely

Yeh sab toh sirf hume sapno mein hi milte hai rich kids ko toh joh mann kre le lenge hum middle class family ko toh hazaar baar sochna padta h

Mohammad Amir good cricketer

Who told you all this...?
Who told u all this things virot sir or anushka mam

Ms Dhoni din&#39;t send anything???

Gifts from Mr. Sachin

Car

Very nice  dear
Virat ki baby is the best gift

Sachin's gift seemed filled with joy and happiness. Everyone else was just showing off the money.
Gold car

There is nothing or everything from me.
I am torn by flowers
Mommhamd amir ki ka

Ki darun
Y teddy bear 8 lakhooo

awsome

Gofh

Mohammad Hamid's sweet box, Virat would not have eaten, I have found out that he has bought it.
Sachin teldulkar ka gift
Where did you get all these info from?

It would have been better to help poor people. Because many people in our country are poor. My idea is to make a poor person famous. The greatest gift is that.
Congratulations virat sir and anushka mam $ welcome nanhi pari

Why did you take our car home?
You are wasting time.
Where is ms dhoni 

car

Hume bhi koyi kuch bhejho bhai...

Cute baby

The wallpaper baby is yuvan

Bs Anushka SE kehna get her lips matted like you keep it natural hi
So cute baby

Sachin Tendulkar
Sachin Tendulkar's expensive gift from the evening haha ​​
Doctor set by shreyas Iyer ️
Sachin's gift is the best
You have served Virat ji's army.
Muhammad amir ka
golden snow
Aamir and warner

Shen Warner ki gift bahat pchond huaa

Doll house pasand aya

Not give expensive toys
Expensive gift doesn&#39;t matter we r poor people we gave only blessings

Congratulations

Mohammad Aamir Pakistani cricketer ho bhi gave so much trouble..that's why 1 like is given to him.
Mohammad amir

Shreyaaas iyer 
Virat Kohli sir's baby is very thankful and well wishes.
Sare gift bahut acche the

Lacture kam karo kuch mat bako

Amir

Golden chan
Sewag

Rohit Rahane did not give any gift
Amir

V shewag ka
Gold car

WHO LIKES MOHAMMAD AMIR??

Sob gifts sundor Hain..
Malayalikal undo...️
Soft toys 
Gold car

Daughter, you yourself are your mother and father's happiness
Why no one give her a cricket bat and  we all need blessing and any expensive gift so Sachin did the best  lots of blessing from my side !

Sahi hai covid speed badh raha tha Garib majdur rod par mar raha tha tab kahan tha Inka Paisa

Why did you bathe Virat in my anuska?
Gold car

I love amir

Babi

Why r u going behind the prizes go behind the love and sacrifice attached to it

The poor should give to everyone, what benefit do they give to the rich?
Abd not given any gifts it&#39;s not true 

Gold car

Golden car
Rosht sarma

Sachin

lol money loaded...why u need to mention the price..is it neccessary...these are only gifts .

Good car

David Warner gift  Love (Aus)
Aunty ji, who told you all this?
SACHIN tendulkar gift cards
Everyone&#39;s gift is an expression of love and their blessings for the baby!  So we shouldn&#39;t judge whose gift is the best and we can&#39;t fix a price to their love towards the baby Vamika!️

Where is dhoni gift

Blessing is more imp.than expensive gift

Car

Very good

Sachin tendulkar ka gift .dikhwa nhi real blessings <a href="">thi.love</a> u new born baby .bless u ever
Sachin ka gift pasand aaya

Hitma

Ye gift dekhne gai thi

I am shocked abd dont give any gift

Serve poor people...
All prices so nice prices
How many poor people did you feed during the lockdown?
Amir

Amir or sachin wala

Mohammad Amir gift

Sweet box better hai..
Lucky virat and lucky daughter

All

From shreyas iyer...
All the gifts r best because they come with blessings 

Congratulations viruska

The best gift of all was given by Virat's wife Anushka Sharma.
Where is today's gift? You did not even give it to Virat's child, where is it?
Sachin

Princess

Sachin Tendulkar gift
Amir to Gift vohot post there
Gold car

Sachin tendulkar sir simply heart touching

Mashallah

Congratulation both of you

Bhai inki gift tho 1 lakh rs se Start hoti hai

The gift given by Mohammad Amir was very nice because he is a Pakistani and gave a gift to an Indian.
Rohit sharma ka gift

Gold car

India captain Virat kohli wife baby are very nice. ‍️🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Muhamad Amirky 🇵🇰️
Really  Amir 🇧🇩
Theses gifts we can buy it below 10k . It’s expensive because they may buy it from Mall. If they order online we can get it very cheaply

Abd is not a soldier
Virat not need these kind of gifts

Virendra Sehwag doesn't have a golden car 
All the best for future virat family 

Sachin Tendulkar
Sachin Tendulkar&#39;s gift has more expensive because he has given precious time during writing a note on virat&#39;s daughter.

Koli my 
Sachin ka
Sachin gift was good

Sachin&#39;s great!!

Sachin

Rohit  gift super

Anyone with money can do anything.
Sachin&#39;s gift is most expensive

What kind of father did I send you to do?
Gold 
Gold car

Rohit sharma gold chain gift most amazing
Sachin is bestttttttttt

Rohit sharma

Sachin Tendulkar 
Mom didn't tell me the price of the flower bouquet?
Car

Tendulkar ji ka
M.s Dhoni nayi dhiyaa Naa mama
Virendra Sehwag give achcha super
Birendra Sehwag
M amir ka 

Sachin Tendulkar gift
Bhot bhot mubarak ho app dono ko Allah Pak app teno ko sada khosh rake ameen main app dono ki bhot bare pen hon i love you viroshka and your baby girl

Where did you get this information?
What did Siraj send please plz
Gold kitchen and teddy bear Good Mashallah
<b>Sachin bhai's gift seemed genuine because everyone else has sent love to me</b> <i>love u Sachin bhai</i><a href="">#MrsGupta</a>
Sachin gift  is the best 

amir wale gift

Kar he

A teddy bear of 1 lac!

Car gift

Amir

Royal salute to Sachin Tendulkar.

I doesn&#39;t like this coz they can help the poor children.

Tendulkar&#39;s gift is the best one

Sachin Tendulkar
Sachin tendulkar ka and Pakistani boller ka

Sehwag and David Warner super gift...

Mubbbrakkak ho saar rahmaaaatttttt howe ap per u luckky viraat
M amir

Sachin&#39;S Gift

Before sir
Sachin&#39;s gift..

Devid warnar

Instead gifting it ,those rich ppl could help helpless ppl during covid

Anyway this baby lucky

Sachin tendulkar

I loved Sachin Tendulkar&#39;s gift because it is his blessings straight from the heart ️

You are an instrument Yami, what did you all know? Did Anushka tell you all this? 
Who has seen Bumura?
Mohd aamir is the best because ind and pak between quarreling so aamir is best ️️

kash kush garib logo ko kush deta

Sabne tumhe price bataya tha kya?
