Plot twist: It was a South Korean spy.

Old reliable UAZ-469

what makes a man who know exactly the consequences of his actions may result in the dead of his family and himself, to suddenly take the shot, either i tried and died or just kept going with the same pain. thankfully ideals are bulletproof i guess

Wow!

It is a pity that North Korea is the only thing people around the world know about Korea. They are not even curious about South Korea, the world&#39;s 10th largest economy. They misunderstand that it is just a small and poor country. There are more Korean speakers around the world than German speakers, but Koreans are still ignored as if they didn&#39;t even exist

In the midst of all this, there&#39;s an American that constantly complains about how &quot;hard&quot; he has it, even tho he has millions in his bank account lmao  (Y&#39;all might know who he is)

Do you ppl understand what this dude did to his family escaping to South?He send them to concentration camp or even killed them. Its sad af but he&#39;s not a hero

I guarantee the soldier that crossed over trying to catch him is kicking himself in the ass for not going as well!!! Dude was LITERALLY across the border and went back!!! ‍️ The sad thing is they probably killed him for crossing even though he was helping THEM!!! 

The fact that north korean soldiers are afraid to cross the line. Of retaliation of south Korean soldiers

North Korea is a cancer on this planet. It is like the weasly kid who´s dad is in the mafia (China). So noone will do anything about him.

Is this melbourne australia ?

From starvation to Korean street food ! Bless this man

Damn his running skills though. I also feel like an ahem just stool his foot out and just tripped the military person. XD

Traitor
Old car... Incase if that was a good car then he would have came to SK without being injured

lol that one other soldier looked like he wanted to defect as well.

This is more 10x Extreme than the el chapo escape in mexico.

Mans said aight I’m bout to head out

All because of a dictator...

Look at the end of the video when all this bunch of losers walking around and having no idea what to do, at least in South Korea 🇰🇷 people are good 

Run Forest Run!
Good for him!

Its nice to see samo North Korean agents in the comments. Hello Kim!

I really respect the two SK soldiers, they risked their lives, more then that, a restart of the Korean war just to save one man&#39;s life

Look at the way those fools are running and shooting. We’re supposed to believe their military could defeat the US???? LOLOLOL

Literally running for his life

You don’t realize how wounded he is until you can see the trail of blood on the heat camera when they’re dragging him to the other side

Man to bad they couldn&#39;t just net launcher da guy so much for freedom

Why hasn&#39;t North Korea gotten invaded yet?

I have a question ...why would north korea leak this video? Just asking ... this is made inside north korea from start, why they exposed their failure ..just thinking ...pls help

he was shot several times and he was laying there a while before they rescued him. I think there is Interview video about this

I&#39;m betting every NK soldier in this video was executed for failing to stop the defector

He was willing to go the most direct and dangerous way, not caring if he lived or died, he just wanted to escape. This guy has guts.

You had more rights in Nazi Germany than in North Korea...

I like how they just open fire at an unarmed man across a countries boarder. Thats an act of war anywhere else in the world.

Marathon Man

F

I hope he survived.

my dad when i win the lottery

They weren&#39;t chasing, they were trying to get in

CCTV FOOTAGE HAS NEVER LOOKED SO GOOD

Kim jong un- no one shall escape Nk defector-Fuck a beat, I was tryna beat a caseBut I ain&#39;t beat that case, bitch I did the raceHe literally did the race congratsRip to his family tho

You can see the blood during the infrared view as they drag him away. Hope he survived

This is why kim jong il was so ronery. Because people kept leaving him

God bless that man for doing what he did. Hope he’s alive

He must be upset to find out he wasn’t escaping real socialism

This man deserves Steve McQueen&#39;s Great Escape music

Hey, you. You&#39;re finally awake. You were trying to cross the border, right? Walked right into that imperial ambush, same as us, and that thief over there.

People always say: his family migjy get killedBut never asked: are they still alive?

did someone clock this? I bet he ran faster than usain bolt

Think smart, i dont think this guy was cold hearted to escaped and let his family get punish, he probably didn’t have a family. A smart move if you live in north korea is to give up and save the next generation if you plan on having a family then do so, have boys and hard luck if you get a girl, wait till your elder relatives die,get your siblings in the plan, plan an escape years before. Get other families in the plan, get them to work as guards to guard the borders, i dunno but the plan is to get your daughters to run across the border like the guys did, and the sons will be the guards on the borders and will escape with the daughters, you will not be punished and the other family’s wont be either cause all of yous would be dead and the generation that escaped would’ve been the only generation . Hard plan to pull of but is possible right? Ight lets have a comment section underneath me on what you’d have to do for the plan to work

Wow

Awwww poor dude he just wants freedom

I&#39;ve been here

The first clip of the camera tracking is to me, insane! To be able to capture that all from one mounted position is scary-crazy.

His family, friends and any other connection he had back in NK were probably executed because of this. Including those guys that failed to stop him.

<a href="">3:35</a> Every soldier in that group was executed

So the story is before his daring escape the NK defector accidentally walked in on Kim Jong Un taking a massive dump!

Think of all, military personnel being executed that day, for failing to catch him. Gosh

Person who see this in TV newsOther country : (seriously) ohh what&#39;s happening?S.korean : so what?

Its funny that their gov expects anyone to believe their people are treated well when the punishment for leaving their country sized prison is getting shot at, their people know it and the world knows it. Escape or die trying!

At <a href="">3:15</a> I think he also tried to escape, but I think he got his family in his mind at that instant

The most intense game of tag man

F for they family i heard when One of family run away at least all his family will go to jail for 3 generation

Haha, he stuck his car right in the border, just meters away from his freedom, and also from his death. Hes lucky to be alive, look at how close were the guards that shot him. He could be dead if he had left the car just one second later. CRAZY.

This guy has more balls than the Walmart ball holder

What a noob. I can beat his record easily.

This should have racing commentaru attached!!!!

Props for the man filming this horizontally!

The real mad lad

Can’t even kill a man 15 feet in front of you

Reminds me of the woman who ran from East to West Berlin

THIS is why you run over Antifa protestors

At least the soldier who drop shot is a very cod cultured man

What is wrong with the 665 people that disliked this video

I&#39;m waiting for the jumpscared

Girl :I&#39;m pregnant Him............
The streets are well maintained from both side, considering they&#39;re  only used by a small number of vehicles.

You can tell he’s a defector because he actually has a car

Woodkid&#39;s Run Boy Run starts playing

“He’s the head of a country, and I mean he’s the strong head. Don’t let anyone think anything different. He speaks, and his people sit up at attention. I want my people to do the same.” - The president of the United States talking about Kim Jong-Un

The North Korean soldiers should have followed him, they probably got shot for failing to stop him.

So sad the leftist youth are trying hard to turn our country into what others would die to flee from

Moral of story is he then escapes to the USA  and becomes a running back for the nfl, put a football in this mans hands every play bet you he makes it to the endzone lol

Why arent cameras like these around when the aliens come? Everything is always recorded on a potato.

God Bless.

When u fail to kill kim with burgers

Because fuck communism, that&#39;s why

Damn, one wounded escapee and 16 executed

Man... Once you start a dash for freedom like that - you know it’s literally a case of “Do or Die.”

What an army. Can’t even kill an unarmed man from 3ft away 

<a href="">3:51</a> i pity them for not realizing that they can have better live if they follow their comrade.

Me in DayZ when my hostage takers forget to tie me up

Run Forest!!!
663 north koreans disliked this

<a href="">3:08</a> if that guy didn’t trip, he probably would’ve died.

I wish we could just get ride of North Korea there’s literally no purpose for it to be on this planet

Koria

What a scary cult

That guy is now enjoying the freedom he deserves.

I think all of the Americans that say they hate America should live in north korea for a few days then lets hear what they have to say.

I imagine &quot;Rather Be&quot; playing on his head during the run lol

North korea is like an unjust prison bad for the poor people good for kim dynasty

BETTER DEAD THEN RED... Bless this man. However his whole family has no doubt been killed over this. And those DPRK soldiers too.

Far-left ideologues be like &quot;why would this communist soldier abandon his comrades and run towards the oppressive totalitarian grounds of South Korea&#39;s capitalist dystopia?&quot;

That man will eventually be a grandfather, telling the story of how he escaped the treacheries of North Korea

It&#39;s videos like these that prove that no one, even Korean soldiers, wants to live in North Korea

Run Forrest Run!
The man escaped the gulag

Wait until he finds out it wasn&#39;t real communism

F*ck this sh*t im out ×20..

Punch it man, punch it!

Rush South

I was serving at Artillery regiment as a soldier during that day. We were on a dailly routine: cleaning barrack and checking equipments as usual. Suddenly, a Siren broke out and we could hear vague message coning out of speaker saying “all hands to battery, this is not a drill”. Me and my squad quickly ran into the barrack, dressed battle uniform and ran out for each posts. My position in the squad was loader btw. We waited in our SPH for solid 4 hours in complete silence, waiting for a display to pass us order. Eventually, situation was released as we all know and that’s about it lol. During that 6 hours of intense preparation and waiting for target designation, I thought like, “this is a war and I’m still not prepared for it”. If one shot, only ONE shot could fired, then it could’ve been an outbreak.

Get in the UAZ! Circle is coming we gotta move!!!

<a href="">2:34</a> REEEEEEEE

Did the defector recover?  I&#39;ve read since N. Korea can&#39;t punish the defector, they then punish his or hers family or relatives.

You cant just force someone to live as a pleb foreverEven communists know that with their villas and their luxury lifestyle

You only do this if all your family is gone

Imagine living in such an oppressive country that they won&#39;t even allow you to leave it.

The ROK soldiers crawling in to save this man was very impactful, heroes.

mission: FAILED

@<a href="">3:02</a> man is like 10ft away from defector..... his first reaction is to fucking dolphin dive.

Best Korean drama ever!!!
Man&#39;s like Fuck this shit I&#39;m out I&#39;m gona grab my stuff and get the fuck outa here

Imagine having a Video online with 3.2 Million views only to realize that you forgot to add the „make sure to like and subscribe“ text, so that’s why you’re still chillin around 820 subs.... F my dude ️

All this just stop some one not wanting to live in a country anymore. This should set alarm bell&#39;s ringing in the rest of the free world to act and stop this sort of mentallity, and hardship being  forced onto people.

Wonder what was going thru his head while racing the vehicle towards the other side of Korea

Bru how you miss every shot?

If only everyone chose Jesus, then the world would be so much better.

So many people in America: We will leave and move to any other country, our lives are so horrible here. America: Ok. Bye.Meanwhile in North korea...North Korea: We leave....we dare you.

The video needs sub captions or narration like Mystery Science Theater 3000.

I know he was probably scared the whole way to his escape but somethings telling me it went like this... While he was running away he said &quot;So long suckers!!!&quot;

I&#39;ve seen thus before. He got shot several times, but made it across and survived

The full story is even more sad when you realize that the reason the defector was running so slow and awkwardly was because of the weight of his massive balls.

Bye have a great time

The sad thing is, all those nka soldiers and their families were probably all killed over this.

Prisons provide far better living conditions than this &quot;country&quot;.

If i was among them I would have shot the soldiers chasing him and joined him,several of them missed an opportunity

I hope he didn&#39;t have any friends or family left behind.

North Korean soldier: hey that guy, he&#39;s not answering the pager call.Another Soldier: probably asleep or something.Defector: <b>RUNNING AROUND IN THE SPEED OF SOUND</b>

Man literally almost died for a chance of freedom.

Deleted footage of Yoon Se ri escaping NK

They made a TV series about this. It&#39;s &#39;Crash Landing On You&#39;

Dang their cameras are high quality! Most banks still have 50 pixel , black and white CCTV

You know your ideology is bankrupt when you have to try and execute people attempting to leave

He must have been happy once he escaped.

I read that as defecation

Escaping from the house to buy a beer

<a href="">6:15</a> Op 4 has the hostage

How can they be sure that he is not attacking or it is not a bomb car or not a spy sent by North Korea? South and North Korea are enemies, so the soldiers on the other side are enemies as well, so why are the South Korean army not firing on the North Korean soldier? Despite that they clearly know whats going on, just by the book how is this possibly the proper response to a possibly hostile incoming vehicle?

Guy on the camera be like oh shit this things coming fast

Parents probably told him &quot; Son, we are old, dying and lived a long life. you are still young. do what you can.&quot;

According to news, <b>the guy fled back to North Korea</b> a few days ago in spectacular fashion . I&#39;m not kidding, look it up.

NK border guard : we are fucked

Would have hated to be the guy to go and bother Kim Jong Un during his private time with his hos and Dave Skylark.

Can’t imagine how fast his heart was racing

Imagine the amount of psychological reconditioning and things he has to learn now that he&#39;s escaped. For example, North Korean citizens do not know that we have landed on the moon. They believe their country is the largest on the planet. They are brainwashed to praise their dictator as a God. This man has to unlearn habits and teachings he was raised with since birth. I can&#39;t imagine that struggle.

Good on this guy, balls of steel i tell you.  hope he can have a better life now.

North Korea: biggest holiday is celebrating their military mightNorth Korean military: can&#39;t stop a single guy running on foot

Me runnin from my mom with the belt

Well there&#39;s only 1 ending for him and his family,  erased He&#39;s been returned to NK , due to NK pressure

William Wallace
I hope he didn&#39;t leave family behind

This needs a lil more back story and description, I can&#39;t tell where the border was exactly or why he did it or wen the north started firing or wen the hit him or how close they were to the border wen the soldiers got to him n drug him away, it really like to know those details cuz this wuld make an excellent story/movie

Kid Jung Un’s Doctor after failing his surgery :

Good thing the NK&#39;s can&#39;t shoot for shit.  Good on this guy for getting to safety.

I agree, this would be an epic movie.

When somebody is literally willing to risk death to get out of their cou try  you know theres BIG problems

If i were one of the guards i would escape with him knowing that we will be ordered by the Supreme Leader to be executed for letting him escape!

That camera work is atrocious.

Me escaping from Latin America 
This seems to keep happening

If you guys have any important information about the location of this man it would be much appreciated.

I'm sure the sentry on guard duty who was looking at that screen must have been feeling what kind of heart he was in.
I almost thought it was the Democrats chasing down a black american that decided to think for themselves. Think as we do or die!

<a href="">4:02</a> he was lying there cause a sniper will hit him if he stand up

Why are the people guarding the DMZ not just make a straight run to the other side?! They’re literally in hell and it’s just 10 steps to freedom so why don’t they just run over the other side? It’s not like the south koreans will turn then away

He&#39;s super couragous. Dang.

Respect for that man who risked his life to get a better life

I wish this guy all the best

If I were apart of the UNPKF I would&#39;ve been dead scared seeing KPA men run from their posts to there, I would&#39;ve wanted to check it out.

Bold move

Well done ROK Pack! God speed boys

The NK troops at the end gathered about waiting to be told what to do like children.

Thay should make a movie of that guy and let the parasite director dircet the movie

&quot;Freedom has many difficulties and democracy is not perfect, but we have never had to put a wall up to keep our people in.&quot; John F.Kennedy, 1963.

Ol Kim wants the world to think he has a perfect nation that all people are happy to live within. If you can&#39;t freely leave your nation to live somewhere else, the last thing you are is free.

Holy crap those soldiers are still fast even if they are heavily armed

Imagine the rush that he got doing this. Sure he was most likely scared for his life, especially after getting wounded, but hauling ass knowing theres cameras watching you. And you have one chance to get out. Living through all that would be an awesome story to tell.

Hey guys I have an idea. Let&#39;s rebuild our whole country with that form of government people run away from like that

he got tired of the bullshit.

Goodluck on the freedom mate

That good if the soldier get shoot bye south korea well the world war 3 begin

That soldier who crossed the border for a moment must&#39;ve thought &quot;If only I don&#39;t have a family&quot; then proceeds to turn back.

Freedom has many difficulties and democracy is not perfect, but we have never had to put a wall up  to keep our people in . ( In that case shoot people instead ) JFK

ITS MY LIFE ITS NOW OR NEVER

Just to show how combat ready the north korean army is.... theyre soft. One falls over, bad footwork.

tbh all of them shouldve chased him and all defected at the same time. that way no one would be shot

when your bae is alone at home

&quot;We were just trying to stop him from letting the rest of the world know how great our country is because everyone would want to come.&quot; -Kim Jong-Un

And people think America is bad 

I always wondered what it’s like for defectors the moment they realize how amazing the outside world is. These people are conditioned to think that the rest of the world is worse than North Korea and they’re lucky to live there. Imagine how terrible of a place NK must be to drive someone to take, what to them, is such an astronomical chance. And then for it to manifest itself into something that’s probably way better than they imagined, it’s gotta feel like something out of a movie where the hero learns that some mythical shit really does exist

I mean it&#39;s death by starvation or death by gunshot wound, this is a risky way cause you might die but it&#39;s an easier death and if you survive you actually have a chance to escape.

It would be awesome if they could make a movie of this brave mans story cant beat a true story and it will help him out in ways

If that soldier who briefly crossed the MDL were a little bit more selfish, he could have just run all the way down across the border with the defector toward freedom. The other guy with the pistol would not have been able to stop him, since he&#39;s armed with an automatic rifle. The other guy could have run away with them too.But there are other forces at play. Their families are practically hostages.

Take a look at this you whining pieces of shits in the US and then try to prove that your life is hard bcs someone said there are only two genders

I misread and saw it as defecation

If I remember correctly, he was shot a few times while crossing, and had to basically wait until night to be rescued by the South Koreans crawling across the minefield. Absolutely insane how he’s still alive.

The balls on this guy are probably HUGE

Tbh if I was a NK guard I would have gone with him

The guards must have thought “Lucky bastard take me with you”

North Korean Soldiers chasing the defector are tryhards.

Run forest run
Welcome to freedom enjoy your stay
I&#39;m glad he made it out off that hell hole alive.But if he has any family left there they will suffer the consequences, that is how they keep their citizens afraid. Much like the Stasi in former East Germany did. Also evil as hell.

go to the new world!

wait what&#39;s that, NK soldiers wearing bell bottoms,,!!!

Mini iron curtain
At <a href="">3:40</a> im sure they are discussing how Kim jong un will execute them since they failed to capture one (brave) man

The absolute legend did it! He fucking made it!

And people think they’re oppressed in the US... LOL

Poor guy I hope he survived

The first security camera that has good quality

He is arrested by police for drunken driving..

Defector or embedded American “intel gatherer” I gotta wonder . Looks like shit hit the fan and his last means of escape.

North Korea is a prison masquerading as a country

This legit could be a cod mission 

I can&#39;t wait for the day North Korea accidentally shoots someone from South Korea the 2 countries will go to war and both are so weak they will destroy each other

Shout out to the ROK JSA troops who made that crawl

Some real marksmanship them North Korea boys have

I&#39;d hate to think what punishment is in store for the guys that let him get across.  Them and their families probably were grilled for collusion.

Her: babe come overHim: I can&#39;t. I live in North KoreaHer: my parents aren&#39;t home

Im sorry but north korea needs to be wiped of the earth

Huge mistake not adding music. There are so many songs built for this moment

Dudes vest looks like its about to fucking fall off! Should take lessons from the US on how to properly wear a god damn bullet proof vest of all things!

Good for him

Worlds largest open air prison.

I recommend watching videos of people that escaped North Korea and speak of the lies the people are told about the outside world. A real eye opener.

All that and he survived

Communism: so great, people have to be forced to stay.

I can totally see Paul Greengrass making a film about this particular guy escaping or at least a fictional story based on this.

Crash Landing on You if it was a Action movie

They run like a bunch of sissies 

Killing by your own ally and save by your enemies.

A perfect example of the failure of communism as a great president once said capitalism and democracy may not be perfect but at least we don&#39;t have to build a wall to keep our people in

His family will definitely be in those concentration camps. Poor family, so much pain and suffering.

That dude leave his own horrible country for his own freedom. He probably just sacrifice his true identity he didn&#39;t proud of for a better life. Wise choice and respect

He is alive and well. He refers to the South Koreans who pulled him to safety as “angels”

AllJokes aside but he was movin

Nk commander: great news guys we got em?Soldier 2: ah sir he got awayCommander: Oh f#### now we&#39;re boned.

Like him or hate him give the man some credit for having balls.

Maybe all this soldier alredy death bynow...careless punishment

North Korea needs to be wiped out

If he drove that Jeep through. <b>south  Korea would have scrapped that instance</b>

They should have run with him

Nk soldier to his Sergeant ‘I’ll just nip over and see if he wants to come back, I’ll be five, maybe ten minutes’.

So relieved he escaped that communist ass country

GAS GAS GAS!!!

Run Forrest Run !!!
The guy crashed 2 meters from the border to South Korea

I just imagine him &quot;Fuck it.&quot; <b>Vroom</b>

Communism is very popular in the US today. Send its supporters here on a one-way ticket. They&#39;ll love it.

Socialism aka communism so great they literally have to kill people to keep them in the country.

FREEDOM OR SUFFERING, WHICH WILL YOU CHOOSE

<a href="">6:18</a> that trail of blood tooAnyway the soldier must have said: &quot;You stay alive a little longer now!&quot;Just a bit more before freedom, godspeed ma boi
Let it go

This needed some epic Hanz Zimmer music over it

Keep busy living, or keep busy dying. That&#39;s goddamn right.                                                           -Red

North Korean Is literally just a prison

Let&#39;s invade them now. This proves these foos can&#39;t shoot for s**t

Absolute madlad

The NK squad leader will be seriously punished also the squad will be humiliated poor guys

I find this hilarious

This is a sad reality for the people of NOKOR bcuz they controlled them by the kim jong un&#39;s damn fucking government

Plot twist: saw kpop,went back to nokor..

<a href="">3:15</a> Did i cross? Oh SHIT!
Fast fast i gotta go fast
Show this to your kids also people defecting over the Berlin Wall. Show this every time they come home from &quot;history&quot; lessons in public schools

Today ,one happy South Korean.

He earned that freedom. God bless him and the south Korean troops

James Person Thak  U.  very  muchfor Ur. fantastic vidio. Quangdo City Pillipine.

All the nk soldiers could have collectively fled to sk

good thing he made it across NK would kill there own ppl if they leave, wtf?

Great humanity SK

Biggest Gulag in the world

Cant blame people wanting to get out I&#39;m sure theres many more but too afraid to speak out

The Defector could have just drove over the DMZ central line between the middle of the blue buildings. Rather of being stuck in the mud and out on foot with 5 wound shots.

Why Holywood dont make this Movie

U tube  :  ​@ Being concerned about the irreversible destruction of DMZ which maintains an excellent ecological environment when we build new roads to expand peaceful exchanges on the Korean peninsula, It&#39;s needed to build super-long span bridges that cross the DMZ.

The question is who filmed this?

The soliders could of escaped to I would of used that opportunity to run behind him.and escape

He is alive of not at the end ?? Also 2 violations what South Korea gonna do for that.

So I guess they are allies now.

how can nobody notice this? didnt the shot rang?

Hey guys! This is a really cool and intersting vido! It&#39;d be real swell if you guys could chek out my cundclloud: <a href=""> :)) tanks cunts! go north korea!!!! -Sent from my iPhone

<a href="">3:01</a> ANKLES!!!!!!!!!!!

<a href="">2:28</a> when people find out I have the flag when playing capture the flag

North korea just mad they dont have genesis coupes

where are the south korean soldiers standing at the blue building like they normally do? why were they not around? this shows a failure by both north and south korean soldiers. north korean soldiers at the blue building not notified once the guy had passed the checkpoint with his jeep. also, there were no south korean soldiers at the blue building wtih the footage when you see them in every other video.

<a href="">

Just like escaping scientology except nobody&#39;s shooting at you.

Sooo the soldiers who failed to keep him in NK or kill him are probably dead or put into camps alongside their families.... poor souls

What would you rather do, be with your family under North Korean dictatorship, or escape to freedom successfully by yourself and leave your family to a harsh labour camp where they would probably die of starvation. Basically the question is what&#39;s more important? Family or Freedom?

Thank God that he lived and God bless the soldiers that pulled him out

It&#39;s like the ending of death race lol

I am more impressed by the footage like who got this?

Any country that will kill you for trying to leave, cannot be operating in your best interests.

How the fuck did the “UN” get this footage

<a href="">3:01</a> wtf

Leave prison and return to freedom
Hey look its one of Anti-Fa&#39;s shining example countries!  Dang communism sure is awesome.

I really hope trump wipes this country off the map

Man, the ROK risked their lives to save the defector. Awesome for their bravery, especially crossing the DMZ undetected somehow :o

I’m thankful we don’t have shit soldiers

Fake north koreans don&#39;t have guns.

Beautiful environment

Can we not send in the avengers to stop this man... duh can they not see he is evil

How did this get on YouTube?

I would be mad scared because they catch you your fucked and if you died trying to escape your also fucked lol

New pubg map is looking great

Does this man have information that is worth risking his life and family for what did he bring  to the table they&#39;re not telling us

damn he said fuck that shit

Wait, why would he run from communism? Communism is good for you! I call this fake! It was made up by Trump, with a little help from Russia. This is fake news!

Idiots chasing him should of defected too smh

Why does the rest of the world stand by and watch this. We are all cowards.

when your squad in the other team and they purposely miss

I wish all this madness would go away, but sadly that&#39;s impossible.

Ooooooo u gotta be quicker than that.

Ah yes, The mighty North Korea is so good that people just can’t wait to leave

Pubg?

Wtf is mad-dash

I dont understand; so in the end he was taken by North or South korean soldiers ?

Good quality camera!!! But who take de videos out??

You have one video and this is it. Who are you working for?

Shocking reality. Hope he gets the life he wants rather than the one he’s prepared to risk dying for.

To prevent something like this from happening again, the Moon Jae-in administration needs to respond more actively.
Ha, bernie sanders must be mad lol! He just hates it when people escape from the workers paradise.

This is not GTA this is north korea u can&#39;t leave like that

Bae: come overMe: babe im in north koreaBae: my parents arent homeMe:

God the NK military looks so inept.  Bunch of morons lol

Just think in a couple of years this will be the norm at both the Mexican and Canadian borders.

How they handled this, makes me  less afraid of war with North Korea..This was a comedy..

The soldiers who allowed the escape, no longer exist I&#39;m willing to bet...

And the votes are in folks!!! And the award for the globes “ARSEHOLE” for a country is!................ITS A TIE BETWEEN NORTH KOREA &amp; SYRIA!! A round of shit bombs for these two counties!!

what a brave comrade.  this is to reiterate,  especially who judge to quickly that north korea is NOT a communist country and no democracy exist there, without democracy,  there will no be genuine communism.  sure some may oppose this democratic ideology of communism because capitalists,  imperialist,  fascist and nazis dont want to be taken down and ruined for good,  but communism (no Stalinism and Stalinists allowed) and democracy will will one day and capitalism,  imperialism (especially US and Russian imperialism and Chinese social imperialism), fascism and nazism.  to tell to everyone that north korea doesn&#39;t represent communism since Kim Il-sung died and it represent as a military, Stalinist and ultranationalist dictatorship that represt the entire population,  kim jong un and his family,  the worker&#39;s party of korea politicians and military personnel are living luxuriously while the rest are starving to death,  you&#39;re insisting norrh korea as communst,  i dont think so you fucking bastard and as a Communists,  its insulting to call north korea a communist.  also for anyone who is advising that the USA is the solution,  piss off you idiot,  USA is the cancer of the world,  remember that country brings capitalism,  imperialism and fascism to other countries that made the rich and the famous. better tha the ordinary and poor repressed and poorer and bec of US imperialism,  each country (eg: japan,  souuth korea,  the philippines and etc other countries who want US imperialism)  lost its own identity and wanted to be americanized,  and btw this is the samw story to the Soviet (now Russian)  imperialism and Chinese social imperialism.  Fucked and back off US and Russian imperialism and Chinese social imperialism.  since then,  i support for korean reunification under the govt of south korea (south koreans now recently woke up of their senses that US imperialism cancerous)  and south korea must absorb north korea and excute kim jong un and his family,  also put kim jong il&#39;s body in the sea,  but still respect comrade Kim il-sung.  i will support south korea of their ambitions for the future of korea  for 4 conditions: they must totally free themselves from US imperialism,  continue their democratic govt,  accept communists in their country,  especially the ones who opposes Stalinisn,  anti-north korea communists and north korea defectors who continues to believe in communism and will help to overthrow kim jong un&#39;s govt and reuinite the 2 koreas and the last one,  make sure to develop the soon to be former north korea as equal as south korea.                            <a href="">#longlivedemocracy</a>.                                   <a href="">#longlivecommunism</a>.                                     <a href="">#overthrowkimjongunandnorthkoreanow</a>.                                                           <a href="">#notousrussianandchineseimperialism</a>.                                                                <a href="">#longlivekoreans</a>.                                           <a href="">#longlivefilipinos</a>.                                          <a href="">#longlivetrueamericansrussiansandchinesepeoples</a>

Houdini that you?

This propaganda vídeo makes me support north korea even more. Look how the cameras were following his car from the begining. Its obvious this was staged and the person fleeing is a spy. This is probablly both a propaganda stunt and a way to test dpk reaction times in the scenario of an invasion. You have to be deluded to watch this vídeo and think otherwise

A high school rotc can take over that country

America helped Osama and China helped Kim.Talk about bad investments...

If he played Eurobeat while doing it he would’ve gone much faster.

(Sings with hope) Country rooode... Taake me hooome...

Meanwhile his family?

Totally worth it!

Obviously he was just eager to tell the rest of the world how great life in North Korea is.

<a href="">3:12</a> was he trying to escape or chase

The Democrats want this for America, except gayer.

Now that’s a true hero

socialism and communism.... So good you&#39;ll risk your life and condemn your family to escape! But hey guys, all those previous attempts just didn&#39;t implement it right. we just need to try again!

Unsubscribe caught on tape!

I hope this inspired more people to do the same.

Rebels scum trying to make it out with North Koreas new Death Star plans. Have anyone seen Darth Kim he needs to come handle this insubordination

If your wondering the guu that tripped actually crossed the boarder.... and the man that escaped successfully crossed the border and is going to survive

What in the HELL is Kim Jong Un doing to his soldiers is he been preshring his military if he keeps doing this to his own military he will loose a war one of these days or years 

I would’ve told my battle mates to stop shooting I’m going to run him down. I would’ve caught his ass, picked him up and kept running to South Korea.

&quot;history is doomed to repeat itself...&quot;reminds me of the berlin wall

funny how all the important shit never has any audio

Coward. Traitor.
Run Forest-Un. Run.
He seem Kim Jong Un wants a new wall, maybe he’ll consider trumps

real life pubg

XD that dude wanted out like ️ out!

Good thing he made it out

Horrible camera guy
North koreans cant shoot for shit

Hey, perfect reason why you SHOULD NOT go to N Korea. I don&#39;t feel sorry for the dumb college pricks, and tourist that go, so hope this sheds a lot more light for ya. 🇺🇸

Fake North Korea doesNOT exist This are videos created and made by the Pentagon intentionally to manipulate the biological computers as they want to manipulate the system, because they want to justify having an army they use against man kind

What stops the North Koreans from joining the KPA only just to defect into South Korea?

&gt;there are Communist apologists who defend the DPRKI hope this man lives as long, free, and joyful a life as he can after all he&#39;s been through: the parasitic stomach worms, hepatitis, poor nutrition...I can&#39;t imagine what kind of baggage he&#39;s got. I wish him well.

<b>insert Running in the 90s here</b>

Yes very good all according to my plan

So tell them this can north koreans not even leave their country to go on holiday?

You would think they would&#39;ve had tanks or other vehicles at the gate too

North korea must be hell if one of thier own soldier&#39;s runs for the border.

No boom boom?

North Korea is best Korea. Downvote this USG-korean propoganda.

Fuck NK. Can&#39;t we just blow them the fuck up. It&#39;s almost 2018 we don&#39;t need an area like this anymore. Just fuck off with them already.

It&#39;s sad to think that some don&#39;t even make it to the point of running. Imagine not knowing who to trust or who to turn to. He just had himself and the Jeep.

South korean girl: babe im hornyNorth korean soldier: I&#39;m in North Korea though South korean girl: I&#39;m aloneNorth korean soldier:

His whole family are probably in a prison because of his &quot;daring&quot; escape.

Sorry north Korea Defector. Capitalist south Korea is not much better. You will have to become a wage slave in south Korea in order to survive in this capitalist country

Ha ha what a story Mark

Good luck in South Korea bro. Fuck The North. Live your life the way God intended. You made a gutsy desicion and I have all the respect for you. God Bless.

Pretty soon the U.S. will have a giant wall around it to keep us in....

Who mows all these lawns that are in the DMZ?

His family that are still in N. Korea are probably already dead from execution or will be.  I pray for his family if they’re still alive.

Was that south korea or north korea that got him at the end ?

He is just an American Spy

So why isn&#39;t anybody talking about this?

<a href="">6:16</a> nice blood trail you got there mate

He&#39;s very brave! God bless him. He probably figured out his fearless leader ain&#39;t so fearless after all, he&#39;s  wacked out like our president only he has a fuse and Donald doesn&#39;t ( shu shu)

Can someone explain exactly what he did and why he did this? Did he want to get out of North Korea so he drove into south Korea fast af?

hey rocket Man was shooting at UFOS that was stealing from No.Korea...

He wants to be free that&#39;s why he escaped from North Korea.I only hope that he will be okay and adapt to South Korea.

That is still one country The NWO has not got a hold of their money

Needs the bond theme to liven up the action

THIS IS CHINNESSE CULTURAL REVOLUTION CANNIBALISM BY NIGTH!

Ever been to America?

North Korean common folk will one day rise up with pitchfork and torch and take back their hujanity. Probably not in our lifetime but you get the point.

Why would he defect? Serving under the great supreme leader Kim Jong-Un is the highest privelege only the chosen ones could have!All Hail the Supreme Leader!

I cannot but wonder where did these footage came from? Are we indeed supposed to watch such classified surveillance camera????

eurobeat
&quot;Man this guy is elusive&quot;

Is that a thermal night cam?

Socialism! It’s faaantastic!
Is that easy to hack a camera there?  or rec something with a camera ?

Obviously Security is NOT That Tight over there, SOMEBODY could Easily wipe that kim Stain off the Planet.

I hope they make a movie about this. It would be so badass. A suspense movie with a NK defecting and trying to escape facing many obstacles along the way.

Truly amazing and real life thriller.. glad he lived.

The soldier pursuing the defector had a golden chance to defect as well, he did not seize it though.

This is terrifying...fuck Kim

Wait south Koreans take in all defectors even military people of NK that&#39;s amazing respect to SK for letting any NK defectors to have freedom

And the moment he realize we have the ninja turtles.

Wow.. i want to hear his story.

Sucks that his family (if he has any) will be the ones who are punished. I&#39;m glad that he made it at least.

fuck you  north korea

Sad very sad

Nth Korea destroys USA, China flattens Nth Korea and the world would be a better place

Country is so shit people defect....why is this stupid planet letting it happen.

<a href="">2:45</a> somebody needs to sort those roof panels out otherwise rain will get in

He was shot many times however notice how none of them shot to kill...

People willing to risk their lives to leave North Korea while over here people risk their lives to enter the UK. Strange world.

Mission failed, we&#39;ll get em next time
Go little buddy go!

When the teachers would leave the parking lock gate unlocked right before lunch ended...

I&#39;m sitting here going &quot;DRIVE BITCH DRIVE!&quot; A few bullets are worth escaping that shithole.

They seem so uncoordinated

Damn he faster than hussen bolt

They&#39;re definitely gonna fire off some nukes..clock is ticking

I think I’m more impressed by the quality of the camera 

we laugh and joke on how north Korea behaves with their people as if the government here in the states are any better. only difference is we think we have freedom while they know they dont. I wonder why they try to take everyone&#39;s gun away. hmmmm citizens with no guns are slaves to be.

Prisoner in their own country?? And the USA does nothing and hasen&#39;t.....why?

Why do we believe what the media feed us. Have anyone of us ever been to North Korea? If not then how can we judge. Personally to me it looks very staged.

This could really use some music

He killed his whole family and legacy.

Do not believe anything you hear and only half of what you see.

I love how unorganized they are in trying to shoot this guy. They&#39;re all trying to use 10 different techniques all at once. lolThis is the country that wants to go to war with the US.

Look, I get that it&#39;s great he escaped and all... But by doing so he just sentenced his entire family, the guards, The GUARDS families, and the families of everyone else involved to death. Failure results in the punishment of THREE GENERATIONS of the offenders. By saving his own skin, he killed 20 others.

The N Korean soldiers should have joined the deflector as well lmao

Which location was this?

Lol if you support trump, don&#39;t say a single word about how this man is brave to escape from his country and flee into another. He is technically an illegal immigrant at this point. Send him back! (See the irony?)

I&#39;m looking forward to hear his story after full recovery, but I really hope his family and relatives are not still in there to get punishment for his &quot;crime&quot;.=(

This dude deserves a beer..

Risking death to get out of that country meanwhile back at the U.S.  we gotta bunch of CRYBABY,  pussy,  protesters who disrespect and even destroy our flag &quot;because its SOOO TERRIBLE HERE&quot; and  we can&#39;t get these fkrs to leave freely!!! Hhhhhmmmm I wonder why!?!?!

Poor North Koreans. I hope the NK regime will eventually fall into pieces: that country is a huge concentration camp, its people brainwashed, kept in chains, doomed to a lousy existence. But since there is no oil in North Korea or other strategic resources to stir the Big Powers’ greed, the North Korean regime is going to last many many years.

Did he actually survive or is it all just bullshit to annoy the north.

reminds me of that movie &quot;Escape from Sobibor&quot;

This whole time (before watching the video) I thought the defector ran on foot towards the South Korean side. Apparently, he used a car to cross to the other side.

He had worms. Escaping was good for him.

So he made it into south korea right?

At least he&#39;s now free.US citizens that try and leave the USA?Not so much.The US tax code and FATCA are abominations that the NK rulers could only dream of.

Those guards are worst than the guards in Austin Powers

Heartbreaking

It kinda baffles me that the entirety of western civilization has been so brainwashed by their own leadership and media that they tent to look at North Korea as more of a joke then a problem. . .  Unless they&#39;re threatening nuclear war they the west is just laughing at them. .  Usually about things that are completely made up for fabricated by the media. . .  What about this is funny. . .  This guy was in the military.  from what I understand most military members live a better life than the average citizen in North Korea. . .  Yet he was so desperate to get out that he decided to just make a run for it he didn&#39;t wait for the perfect time to sneak his way out.  He didn&#39;t pay some shady Chinese smugglers. .  He was so desperate he decided he was better off just making a full on sprint for the boarder knowing that if he was stopped or caught it would mean death or worse. . .  Not only that but the soldiers who tried to stop him are so brainwashed/ fearful by and of the regime that they knew they were better off gunning their own fellow country man and brother in arms down than looking the other way. . .  What about that is funny? Was it funny when the nazis treated the Jews this way? Is people starving to death funny? Is mothers being publicly gunned down in front of their children in labor camps funny? Since when is any of that stuff funny? Not only that but what in the fuck makes you think you&#39;re any better than they are. . .  You are just as brainwashed by your capitalistic overlords that they have you laughing at the north Korean peoples suffering.  Is the irony that the vast majority of you simply accept whatever your government and the talking heads on tv tell you as fact? And is the US government any better than the DPRK? The DPRK exploites its own people for economic gain as does the US government.  While it&#39;s no doubt uncommon acceptable what the dprk does to its own people what about the US government? We as Americans live it a country with the highest prison population in the world which is even more troubling when you consider the fact that the 13th amendment abolished slavery for everyone but convicts. . .  Which becomes even more troubling when you consider the vast majority of people in the US prison system are black and Hispanic non violent drug offenders. . .  Which once again becomes EVEN MORE troubling when you take into consideration the United States history with enslaving black people. . . .  Not only that but the US government doesn&#39;t stop at exploiting is own people by taking these prisoners (or mostly black and hispanic slaves) by forcing them to labor 10 cents an hour. . .  Most of you don&#39;t even realize that for the most part our economy runs on prison labor. .  Companies like McDonald&#39;s(plastic cuttlery.  uniforms containers) .  whole foods(tilapia grown by Colorado prisoners).  Walmart (all of their produce grown with prison labor).  Victoria&#39;s secret(female prisoners sew a lot of the product two females prisoners were put in solitary confinement for telling journalists the were replacing made in Hundorus tags with made in USA ones).  AT&amp;T(uses prison labor for call centers prisoners make less than 2 dollars a day).  BP(used prison labor to clean up the toxic aftermath of the massive oil spill in 2011 instead of hiring the many  workers who were displaced by the spill like fishermen and ignored the outrage from said communities over it to save a buck) all that in mind. . . .  I&#39;ll ask again what makes you think our government is so much better than theirs. . .  Especially considering that our government doesn&#39;t just exploit its own people but it uses its wealth and military might to exploit people all over the world by force. . .  When was the last time the dprk invaded a county and overthrew its government in order to install a puppet government to do its bidding? When was the last time the dprk used its intelligence organizations to spread discontent in a country and staged a coup for its own gain? Most of you probably don&#39;t know this because our government is just as if not more manipulative than theirs but documents have come out in recent years showing that the main reason we really dropped the atomic bombs on Japan in WWII was to intimidate Russia and show them that we have a new all powerful weapon and we weren&#39;t afraid to use it.  In fact in the months leading up to out government dropping those bombs Japan was seeking surrender.   They realized that Russia was closing in from the north and the US from the east and the Japanese regime was terrified of Russia invading from the north because they knew that Russia would keep any Japanese land the conquered.  And the whole reason they got involved in WWII was to expand their landmass because their economy and industry was growing to fast and they didn&#39;t have enough raw materials to keep up with demand. . . .  Sure the dprk makes threats but when was the last time they actually used a nuclear weapon on people. . .  They never have. . .  Could you emagine if they dropped an atomic bomb on on south Korea to prove a point to an allied country like China simply because they thought China might become a threat in the future?. . .  They would be wiped of the face of the earth. . .  But we did exactly that and yet we remain THE super power of the world completely uncontested by anyone. . . .  So I ask those in the western world again. . . .  What in the actual fuck makes you think you&#39;re so much better then they are?  You didn&#39;t know any of that stuff did you?  In fact I&#39;d be willing to be that you&#39;re sitting there thinking to yourself that I have no idea what I&#39;m talking about. .  That I&#39;m probably just some &quot;conspiracy theorist&quot; (a term made up by the cia to discredit anyone who questioned the official narrative of the JFK assassination and is still used today to discredit anyone who points out any discrepancies in the official 9/11 story). . .  Let&#39;s talk 9/11 for a sec while we&#39;re at it. . .  I&#39;m not going to tell you it was an inside job or that Bush did it or that planes never hit the buildings in the first place. . .  But I will tell you this. .  On September 10th 2001 Donald Rumsfeld announced the Pentagon could not account for 2. 3 trillion dollars. .  They just &quot;lost&quot; that money. . .  He went on in that speech to say he&#39;d be auditing the Pentagon. . .  The next the the accounting wing of the Pentagon (the wing where all the books and hard drives that would show where the money went) was blown to pieces along with any accounts who could help with the audit. . .  The only other place where this kind of information could be found was. . .  You guessed it building 7 of the world trade center which also collapsed on 9/11 despite the fact that it wasn&#39;t hit by a plane. .  Also there was an unprecedented spike in put options placed on American airlines stock and on the stocks of multiple companies who had work spaces in the WTC. .  For those who don&#39;t know a &quot;put option&quot; is especially a bet that a certain stock will lose value at some point in the near future. .  When this highly unusual uptick was noticed and people tried to investigate it was discovered that any hard drives that would have proof of insider trading and would hold  information like the identities of the people who seemingly knew exactly what was going to happen that day we&#39;re held in. . .  You guessed it building 7 of the world trade center which I must remind you became only the third sky scraper in the history on man kind to collapse due to a fire following the twin towers which obviously fell earlier that day. .  In fact the empire state building was hut by a b 25 bomber plane back in the day which are bigger than the planes that hit the towers and also burned for longer as have many other sky scrapers some of which burned for 48 hours and yet still stand today. . .  But you all go on believing our government (who also tortured people in the aftermath of 9/11 just like the dprk I must remind you) has nothing to hide and is totally far superior to the north Koreans because they&#39;re just a joke. . . .  People who act and think in such a way are sad sad individuals. 

Organized AF in them big ass parades but when it comes down to real situations they run around like headless chickens. Dude goes to run down the steps and gets deterred and completely confused by the sudden appearance of a bush!

I think someone had inside knowledge for giving the defector some assistant. so now all those soldiers have been replaced. too much exposure to things outside North Korea leads to distrust among its members. that&#39;s a huge embarrassment for North Korean regime.

Remember when that American GI came back from Iraq and threw his medals on the floor in the church of his home town? The entire town came out to welcome him back and listen to what he had to say. The media was there filming, it was amazing.He told of how he regretted every single day he was there, how he wished he had never joined the forces and wouldn&#39;t have if he had known what he would be told to do. He said how his squad mates would get more time off if they made the first &quot;kill of the week&quot; and anyone would count, so they were shooting ordinary iraq citizen, men and women, as they rode unarmed on a cycle to work. He told of how they were pushed to attack totally civilian targets every day in retaliation of a US soldier being killed or injured. He threw down his medals and said basically &quot;I don&#39;t work for you anymore!&quot;. Being forced to murder innocent people under the mask of a false war, while the media back home tell a totally different story. Blood on his hands which wasn&#39;t warranted and that he didn&#39;t want to take.Imagine that!But this video above about North Korea ... yeah, fucking shocking innit. Blew my mind...............

All anti-fascists, leftists and other "democrats" they should live there.
What a coincidence that a UN camera caught all of this on film...

What car model was that? For a second, it looked like a Jeep

This is the most boring thing I’ve seen in my life

Someone put Tay k the race in the background lol

This is so fake

NK soldiers look like a joke. Why is anyone afraid of them lmao. One Us/Aus/UK squad of like 10 men could take out 500 of them

North korea = bronzeSouth korea = challenger
A brave man

Jesus that must of been terrifying

Kim Kardashian is such a bitch, look what she did. Open the borders Kanye, let the North Korneans out.

Yayyy he made it

Definitally wasn&#39;t a Jeep. It wouldn&#39;t have gotten stuck.

This is what happens when a father or mother is left with a defenseless child with pooped diapers...
The Catalans think they are handsome because I went there one summer with my parents and they said: &quot;and they come to see us...!!&quot;
I will have walked further in my entire life than any immigrant in this world and with more dangers...
As soon as they see that there is one worse than them, it is foolish not to start doing everything or do everything possible to eliminate it.
Communism. It&#39;s so great that people rather get shot while escaping from it.

FAKE

But...but...but...communism has never really been tried.

Most be messed up when your being shot at for trying leave your country.

You have destroyed your life by letting yourself be carried away by those who least deserve to handle anything in their lives. Those who have chosen for their face, for their grades, for a surname, for knowing how to do something, for proximity, for their physical condition, for their assets, for their car, for their house, for a drunkenness, for compassion or for pity .
The truth is that they are at the same height from the moment they are born because THEY EAT SHIT SINCE THEY ARE BORN. His only achievement in life is not to eat more shit anywhere else than at home.
What happens between Palestine and Israel is that the stupidest cannot conquer anything by simple means and need force to impose their rule. Something worse is happening in developed places where they try to convince people that immigrants are deserving of this whole world. This is a strategy of whores who want to laugh at women in a developed place. Women from developed places prefer that they can arrive and get everything before they are laughed in the face. It is also common for kids from a developed place to lower their behavior so that everyone from underdeveloped places can achieve the same.
North Korea...BEST Korea!

No benny hill?? But really shocked at the terrain quite nice.

if only we can get all north Koreans to desire freedom as much as he did

Where are the south Korean border guards?

Run, Forest! Run!
That’s how I feel when I’m trying to flee from Trump!

Stormtrooper aim
Lmao these fools can’t even kill one guy and there’s 25 of them.. lol

Whats a defector?

The thing is that north and south Korea both made an agreement to not to use automatic weapons in JSA. But as you can see, a number of North Korean soldiers are holding AKs and such.....

And later he abandon his family

Pretty tough to have a high speed pursuit when your army only has 1 truck!

north korea government &amp; kim 3 should not be exist in the world

We rent the world us humans are so stuck up our own arrses we own this we own that my religion is best and so on and in the end it&#39;s all bollaks

Ruuuun bitch, ruuunnnn
Run forest,Run!!!!!
DMZ...The movie....coming soon to a tv set near you.Rated G..for staged GARBAGE. (sponsored by TMZ)

They couldn’t stop one guy from escaping and they want to go to war with us?!? 

Some good camera placement. Thing must be on a mountaintop. Need to upgrade the triversle speed though

Very sad

another storm trooper joining the rebellion. it warms my heart

North Korean version of baby driver

Which motherfucking camera is this?

This will be a great movie someday with Matt Damon playing the defector; although, it makes no sense whatsoever. You know, cause we gotta have a white guy play hero.

Audio?

The NK soldiers chasing him were steps away from freedom also but decided to stay.

<b>when you’re in the middle of a heated team fight and have to run back to base for ammo</b>

<b>gotta go fast</b>
Is that the flat earth up in the left hand corner everyone is talking about??? :/)

US military fights to stay in the ranks. North Korea military almost dies to get out. 

At <a href="">3:33</a> they all thinking...I wish I would have been me going to the south.

Hory shet

Going 40 MPH is&#39;nt what I call a mad dash.

Who are ROK JSA troops?

I love the fact people praise a deserter just because it&#39;s the enemy. If that was one of our own leaving to the other side due to all the US corruption people would be spitting on his family.But cause it&#39;s NK people act like he&#39;s a hero when he&#39;s just a coward 

South Korea should&#39;ve said on the loud speakers, &quot;ha ha, another one defected nayh nayh.&quot;

South&gt;North

I’m sure this guy has been dreaming about this moment for a long time... well done son 

whats JOK &amp; JSA? just wondering

I bet the security at the Pentagon has incredible cameras. I bet the footage of the plane hitting is unbelievable.

probably spy .Americans hand off from Korea. too many dies in your private wars .fuck off US

what year are we living in?

Skinny ass soldiers.  Dam kim ding dong doesnt feed them.

So did he make it? Who was crawling forwards him? North or south?

Can somebody get Vic Romano and Kenny Blankenship to do commentary on this video?

You can only strongarm your people for so long, Kimmy...

Great militia you got there NK.....they look like a bunch of recruits lmao

Now what&#39;s going to happen that North Korea violated that Armistice agreement between North and South Korea

Those are some good cameras they got

I wanna know his story

These “soldiers” couldn’t shoot a guy &gt;100ft in front of them... and the US is afraid to go to war with them??? Lol

Watch the body closely at <a href="">5:40</a> it looks like something hits him in the shoulder

thank god for him he&#39;s a icon and a model now for others, hopefully

Must be a no fly zone for both sides, one heli with thermals could&#39;ve got em

This is kind of what I found so funny about people that were bashing Trump and comparing his &quot;build a wall&quot; candidate stuff to East Berlin and North Korea.  If you can&#39;t understand the difference between building a wall to keep people IN and building a wall to keep people from just WANDERING IN..you shouldn&#39;t even be in the discussion. (and I&#39;m not even a huge Trump fan lol)  That was like comparing the lock on a prison door to a lock on the door to your house or car.  &quot;They are both locks controlling the flow of traffic in and out&quot;.  This video is a prime example.  When you start having to risk your life to get AWAY from a govt....where hell is UN and all these other humanitarian groups?

I&#39;ve read that many defectors ate mistreated in south Korea and stuff. Which is awful..they left thsg shitty place and now have go be treated bad. But it&#39;s not bad I guess..at least you have freedom and all

Give that man a beer 

1 down...  25,369,999 to go

I wanna find a recording of the south Korean side during all this

This guy IS the supreme leader. Everyone should follow HIM!

THIS MADE MY ASS CLENCH SO HARD

I bet he&#39;s getting some clean shaved pussy right now 

Like an anime

what a brave man! fight for freedom!  thanks South Korea soldiers for saving his life

Just wanted a better life. Damn

I feel bad for his family. Three generations will now be punished.

1 They look like armed television sets2 UN logos spying? 3 If in Iraq it was proven that they were shooting at nothing4 Who believes these...?
The amount of NK shills in the comment section is fucking hilarious! Does good old Kim pay you an ounce of rice for each comment? lol

FUCK TRUMP.

Even the birds choose to be on south korean side..

Running to freedom

Props to the South Korean soldiers dragging him to safety at the end. Proud of my home country and the US

6 ft away and 4 of them couldn’t take down one unarmed guy. Poorly trained ass soldiers. Fucking isis retards have better aim.

What I don&#39;t get is how did they not stop him before he even got to the border

That&#39;s one clear camera

Damn they were even able to drag him back

North Korean soldier crossed the DMZ firing to that poor guy, South Korean soldier just watching No Returning fire? I mean they are actually crossed that fucking DMZ!

check out things you didnt know about North Korea&#39;s leader Kim Jong-Un via <a href="">

US AND OTHER ASIAN COUNTRY VS NORTH KOREA. WHO WANTS TO KILL THAT PIGGY KIM JONG UN?

Stop hate &amp; war.   Be unite for United Korea.  No North, no South.   U people become play toy for international politics..   Remember ur ancestor..  U r one...  Not two....   Love from India.....

They drag him across the floor like hes a puppet. Severely malnourished NK. Well fed and in great shape SK.

Fake and gay

i hope he is safe and living a better  life

I would try and get into one of those buildings on the DMZ where they’re standing across from one another and I’d bolt over to the South Korean side and surrender.

North Korean soldiers they should make some kind of plan along with a fellow soldiers and family to escape to the south to have a freedom but they are so dumb to do thatKim Joong un isn&#39;t a god... just bacon

Fake.... <a href="">2:26</a> 1, 2, 3 action!!

Another fall for another communist state.. yet you ll find commies and tankies talk shit about equality ..

This video is made in Hollywood

The biggest prison on the planet.

So the UN is filming the border constantly...

I personally believe in the literal hell that The Bible warns us of.So I&#39;m not one to believe in hell on earth. However, if there wasan actual hell here on earth, then North Korea would come closestto it. That place is like a living nightmare.

hm, where concrete blocks on the road?

I don&#39;t expected this much pain for ur lost against the Vietnamese Americans. hahahahahahahhahahahahahahhaha

After getting shot multiple times, i am really glad he is alive and well, on the other side of the border. But i rather do not think of what became of his mother, father and any other family members he left behind in DPRK. If alive at all, they are probably somewhere in the Yodok camp already.

How do you know he is a decent person and not a double spy?  or an escaping spy.

Shooting at your own. That says it all.

&quot;what do we do guys&quot; Lol

Oppression of human beings by fear is wrong. It is evil. This is what the world should be telling Kim Jeong un right before we blow him up into a pink mist.

Poor guy! fuck dictator

This video shows how bad communism is and him having parasites and worms in his body shows how worse it really is and there&#39;s people who want it. Idiots.

JUST KILL THAT FAT PIG...AND A LOT WILL CHANGE...

What about this defecter family members....those will sent into prison

fuck socialism!

Can’t wait until  Hollywood makes a movie outta this

Give that man a badass award.

What RTS game is this?

The PTZ camera moments sucked ass in this video... even Paul Blart the mall cop would be angry at this...

Questions.#1. Where r or why SKorea border gaurds allowed fully armed NK soldiers persuit the defector into their territory n shot him.#2. Why the defector just drives far away...or right to the front of a building  n enter in.

HAHA HE WAS NO NORTH KOREAN  SOLDIER!! HE WAS A SPYYY THAT WAS IN PRISON!!

kim fat un claims his country its the best country in the world, yet he doesnt let anyone leave, if hes so sure about his words let them leave if thy wanna leave, dont try to kill them, and dont kill their families back in the north, fatass its full of shit

Had Mel Gibson in my head yelling &quot;FREEEEEEEDOOOOOOOOM&quot;
Those North Korean soldiers run like girly men, they&#39;re not macho like the US army men.

NK looks pretty. I may visit that area once we liberate it.

When you have to go, you have to go....

The acting is very bad.

It&#39;s all made up that&#39;s Hollywood

I think Morgan Freeman drove faster in Driving Miss Daisy.

That Soldier was hungry, he had binoculars

So what, now he will arrive to south korea where men are discriminated even more by forcing only them to army.

heroic
Wait so did he cross the border and the soil Dre’s followed him and drag him back? Or did he not even cross the border?

To be honest he deserve a NFL contract he ran that fast with  4 bullet wounds

Hey 
This young man paid such a high price for freedom!!!

The moral of the story: Give me liberty or give me death!

Wtf is wrong with these people,I mean you don&#39;t even see a car on the streets or people walking.I don&#39;t blame that guy for running looking for a better life.

Any family he left behind, or friends, will be killed immediately. Tyranny must be stopped wherever it exist.

This is how I fell being a security officer paying for all my own shit I want to run away from it so bad and sick and I have a broken back and I have to work over night in freezing weather I can barley use my heater because I can&#39;t afford the gas o and all the guns shoots do people well at lest your  getting shoot at well I have a decent I have had people shoot at sites I worked also

That man is a traitor.

If braved all this and the fuckin yanks sent him back WTF .

Horror...
His die or not?
Fake shit

The soldier who crossed the line and went back  .his whole family probably going on the camps .

Poor guy
They must have cameras even pointing from the S. Korea side!

Be grateful your country gives you freedom. Glad this guy escaped hell

I&#39;m sure the movie about him is in the making.

Keep her lit fien.

I’m sorry I don’t get it what happened?

I&#39;m interpreting the North Korean soldiers leaving the scene so the South side could pick up their buddy.

He ran because he&#39;s the sole person who voted YES for government loot boxes

Please support &#39;&#39;Crossing Borders&#39;&#39; who assist N.Korean refugees, who have fled the oppressive regime of N. Korea.

You KNOW your country is the best when you have to shoot people to keep them inside...

Now the officer responsible for the guard shift will be fired along all his platoon. Sucks for them also.

I hate the devilish communism. God heal the brave wounded man!

He bought a jeep.

Well done to his protectors. Everyone should be free to leave.

The ultimate jeep add

I  put a video together   using footage that is not a NK defector that is James bond.

good on him. and good work south

NAME IS JAMES .....JAMES BOND

And now three generations of his family will be in forced labor camps

Ha americans you dont like your country now ?

His poor family they are probably dead now

North Korea lives by going to war at any minute and when they had their chance to shoot and kill a live target, they failed...

Plot twist: The soldier sees life was actually better in North Korea, the things we see about North Korea are made out of stories. They don&#39;t want the world to know that.

It basically shows that the people of the North Koreans want to change

Anyone know how/where this was filmed? The cameras must have been on SK side but they look like NK cameras.. No way they would release this..

I&#39;m confused what actually happened?

He just doomed his family ROP <a href="">#Murder</a> <a href="">#InsaneLeader</a> <a href="">#TriggerHappy</a>

This is all I have to say: <a href="">

When he awoke from multiple surgeries from the gunshot wounds, his two words were, &quot;Is this South Korea?&quot; &quot;I want to listen to South Korean songs.&quot; The power of K-pop!And for that, I&#39;d like to dedicate &quot;Bang Bang Bang&quot; by Big Bang..

rip those other soldiers

Seems like a holywood film ... greeting For korean gouvernement and korean ppl for that care

Breaking newsthe man as died from 5 gun shot woundsR.I.P

I would joined with him

People talk about how we had to invade Nazi Germany and sacrifice hundreds of thousands of American lives to liberate Europe and the people in the concentration camps. Every day the North Korean regime acts like Nazi Germany and millions of North Koreans suffer under it. We have the means to liberate those people, why shouldn&#39;t we? We have the capabilities of detecting nuclear missiles and destroying them mid-flight. We have spent 70 years watching them commit human rights violations and torture their own people and we&#39;re supposed to just sit back and waste time &quot;negotiating&quot; with a regime that has no intentions of ever doing anything but be corrupt and evil?

SNAKE? SNAKE?! SNAAAAKE!

Fuck you traitor...
Looks like we got ourselves a Korean Bruce Willis

Thank you James Pearson for the video.

The lucky guy! He has finally escaped from stupid Russia... North Korea... the same, in fact!

Wait .. can someone please explain to me what actually happened

Nice trailer! When is this movie going to come out?

This guy is running away from NK like Trump running away from showing his tax return.

The soldiers that failed to kill him are fucked.

Well done for not being a slave!
This is roughly how Crimea escaped, from the vassals of the empire of good. Escaped into life. Donetsk and Lugansk were shot, Odessa was burned. Here one person convinced against the Juche, millions fled from Ukraine from the ideas of the Maidan witnesses.
Bastards! Hope he recovers and gets to live free and see what life is really like.

Top nominees for the most daring people on earth

Poor NK solders in JSA were all replaces... hope they weren&#39;t sent to political prison camps

40 shots 7 bullet wound badly damaging abdomen  lung shoulder the US medivac quickly did emergency procedure and at Ajou trauma center medical teamdid everything to save the soldier and he did! He is in a stable condition and in full alert.  Thank God!

Can you imagine how relieved this guy felt when he woke up in a &quot;South&quot; Korean hospital.

Can you imagine how relieved this guy felt when he woke up in a &quot;South&quot; Korean hospital.

Where were all the South Korean and US border guards right at the time of the crossing?

long live freedom

I hope he can tell us soon his story. Feel glad that he made it. South Koreans have been watched that all the guard post of the north were replaced. Poor people..

Now he will join to the BTS army. thank to god he still a life.

this is much better than hollywood.

That guy at <a href="">3:13</a> - <a href="">3:19</a> wasting an opportunity of his life... A defector in fatigues just managed to escape from half a squad, including two riflemen, firing at him. How could one disturbed and unsure officer with a pistol prevent an armoured infantryman from dashing to cover behind the buildings on the Southern side?

I’m so sick and tired of North Korea got away they ran inside South Korea property and the South Korea not fire their weapons at North Korean soldiers this is bunch of scary soldiers in the world. They across your line and not even one bullet were fire i want to fire all of the South Korean soldiers.

Welcome home soldier.
Hell yeah dude!

Bet Kim shoots the rest of the guards as punishment for letting him get away.

THE VIDEO IS NOT COMPLETE, IS CUT!!!!!! x|

to preserve the strength and dominance of the DPRK, Dear Respected Supreme Leader shall order these inept DPRK soldiers to be tortured and executed and their families shall be arrested and starve in labor camps.

At <a href="">4:22</a>, their comrade informed all the guards that they were either going to be executed or sent to concentration camps!

It&#39;s true when they say reality is often always better than movies lol. Good luck to this defector

after the daring escape, north Korea adds security to the DMZ by doing what? plant two trees, that&#39;l work!

I want a movie about this guy. The events that led to his decision to escape, his planning, and finally the mad dash through high security border. It would be great to see more people understand the dehumanisation of the people that live in North Korea.What kind of awful things did this man go through to push him to make such a desperate attempt at freedom.

Holy Shit the fact I&#39;ve actually been there is fucking whack

Hey they drive on the left there too!

And millionaire football players try to say that they are oppressed.

FAIL

Fucking communists!
I feel sorry for those who take advantage of their freedom. If you from a country like NoKo and Laos where I came from,  you will certainly respect your goverment and your freedom.

Dont have a family in NK

best scene of 2017

He has french ancestors ?

They keep telling us to get ready for consequences. LIKE WHAT.?? What the hell are they talking About? They going to spank us or do a negan punishment.imagine Kim walking around threatening to Lucille us.damn.

I AM SO CONFUSED SOMEONE ELABORATE

That guy is a hero.  We used to get that in communist Poland too: some guy run away in a Mig, another under a truck, another jumped over a river on a motorcycle.  Now we enjoy freedom and good economy.  Fuck Marx and his followers!

He did get shot multiple times but was rescued by South Korean soldiers and I do not know weather he is alive or not

Let&#39;s just say it&#39;d be great if the man didn&#39;t have a family in the north.

I thought I wanted mcdonalds badly..

hope north korean guy enjoy to kpop

Could be a Trojan horse.

Yet American surveillance video still looks like it was recorded over a copy of a Michael Jackson VHS tape from 1984 with cameras bought at a rummage sale in 1981.

I wish the world peace and tranquility in South Korea. Greetings from Russia

Winner winner chicken dinner
Good for him.

It takes well over a minute for them to drag him into safety but the time is frozen on <a href="">15:55</a>.

Dramatic pictures released as North Korea digs trenches -&gt; 

This is kinda SK&#39;s reality show &quot;Running Man&quot;...but in NK version

so, how he is going now?

My sincerest hope that this man survives and retains good enough health to find some happiness in his life.

Help me to escape from china

Winner winner chicken dinner
Those buildings need some roof work.

I bet if they capture him , gulag awaits.

FAKE!

That isn&#39;t a country that is a prison

They look so disorganized when this happens. Huddled as a group wondering what to even do. No formation or anything

We Germans know pictures like that from our own border, less than 30 years ago! GDR border guards killed scores of people that tried to cross the border to the west (FRG).

he woke up in the hosital!! and he saved his life now! he can talk and eat now

Should make an ads of toyota hliux - best pickup turck!

It is NOT the north korea soldier...it&#39;s a spy from south korea that want to restore its information to the south...very obvious i say...

Awesome

The NK soldiers pursuing him had worse accuracy than a goddamn startrooper.

Lol we are all going to die, because north korea is now angry

Your welcome <a href="">2:28</a>



his favorite song is Gee sung by girl’s generation

<a href="">3:34</a> &quot;Well shit, guys. Alright. Let&#39;s get our story straight so all our families don&#39;t get executed. Jeff was supposed to be on watch but he fell asleep like always.&quot;All together: &quot;RIGHT! &quot;

Wouldn&#39;t be surprised if this turns into a hollywood movie

silly bugger shouldnt have used a jeep, got bogged for that reason

Can&#39;t believed he actually survived half a dozen shots from the AKs. Well, glad to see him on his road to freedom.

I dont get whats happening

Now he can cheerfully enjoy Girls&#39; Generation and IU&#39;s music as he said

Dear President Trump,.We could not bear (stand) it any longer. Kim thinks himself  Saint. I think he is a  murder. Our an ancestor was <a href="">gentle.You</a> tried to sake did your best...I think that The Lord of God can&#39;t sake anymore forgive Kim Joung Eun.

What a comedy. This is clearly staged.

balls, FREEDOM

They should make a movie about this guy. I wouldn&#39;t be surprised if they make a Korean movie about this guys life 5-10 years from now

Hope we take kim and the crooks of north korea down for what they are doing to their people.

How is this not classified footage?

Dragons Noire
Anyone still thinking communism is a good idea just watch this. Only communism produces a government in which trying to escape is met with lethal force.Worst part is that his family will be punished for his escape. Let that sink in sjws. His family will be punished for his desire to live free.

I wanna see an update with him

PUBG IRL

It is hard to accept that this is a reality

how do you know he is a defector and not some kind of crazy person?

<a href="">3:05</a>,&quot;Hey ma! I got to use me gun tooday!&quot;

That camera records every fucking moment ! Right from Pyongyang to Seoul

Update: I’m retarded

What the heck is a deflector?

This will be the excuse trump needs to invade/destroy north Korea.  And oh such vivid pictures.  This is too obvious

The time to wipe out this filed state is now.

Has anyone bothered to consider that he might just have been a fugitive on the run? ;3

Glad to know he made it!

<a href="">3:01</a>, North Korean slips &amp; tries to play it off like he was just getting in a prone positionHopefully the defector&#39;s family is already dead so they won&#39;t have to deal with the consequences of his defection

While watching this, I smoked a joint, ate a cheese burger with fries and soda.. watched some porn, and my I still don&#39;t feel guilty that I have all this freedom that people take granted for

I just want to point out those forest look beautiful if only North Korea wasn&#39;t ruled by a (dick)tator

They dead. Families encamped. Bad for all.

Liberals be like: HOW DARE HE ESCAPE A COMMUNIST PARADISE!?!??!!? DIRTY CAPITALIST!!!!!!!!

Wow, their guns actually work.

Nice but how did we get this video

155 people missed the like button

Fortunately with that wound he still has strenght to running and entered south korea. God bless him!

Give those boys who risked their lives to crawl out there and rescue that wounded NK defector a medal and recognition.

fake news , why would anyone wanna leave north Korea

The only way you can work at the border/DMZ if you are a north Korean soldier that has a family, including a wife and children. The saying is if you leave they will kill the family and that&#39;s why most don&#39;t cross the border. This guy risked it all ;/

Yeahhhhh One People more in FREEDOM !!!!!! Which you the best ans Hope you alive !

Looks like typical american-imperialistic fake footage.

North korean&#39;s army attend to be soo powerful and unbeaten, but let&#39;s face it With the nearest occasion in a situation of war their soldiers would escape in every direction and surrend just to leave this sick country, soo in fact they don&#39;t have any military power at all, and I am sure that fatty dictator know about it damm well, so his making a good face to a bad game for him cause it&#39;s game for his life. I wish those people the war to start cause it&#39;s gona be short and will liberate them, casualties will be small to a price of freedom.

I&#39;d defect to it poverty and ruled by a spoiled brat who only cares of himself

He may have relative in South Korea.

He escaped from the real HELL!

so sad those hard working soldiers so called leader mister pig eats dozen stuff when his people can&#39;t find meat and are really unhealthy state. I hope someday all people in North Korea turn their backs to that pig!

Bravo! The great escape$$$ Are you a south Korean soldier now?

FREEEEEEEEEDOM

This guy has no idea what he is now putting his family through omq i cant imagine what happened to them

Wtf is going on in this video?

They shot a civilian trying to leave they country???

Traitor!
that is one slow runaway vehicle

That ball is long goneLike my ex girlfriendWho will never return!

traitor
No big deal.When Germany was still divided, we always crossed from East to West like that.

When playing in Pubg first time

<a href="">3:02</a> - where the fuck are the South Korean and American soldiers on the SK side??? Theres no one to be seen there.

I really hope he doesn&#39;t have any family members in North K., otherwise ...

Stupid question, but where were soldiers from South Korea?

what a hero

I love how one of the north koreans have a flamethrower <a href="">3:30</a>....lol....kinda of an overkill. Also stupid seeing how if I was a sniper that tank would be what I would be aiming at.

This man got a ball of steel

He&#39;s lucky he ain&#39;t black and being chased by the LAPD!

The fact that he survived is pretty incredible.Since not only was he sick and weak to start with and was shot multiple times.But if you pay attention to the Timestamps he also laid there for a long time before they were able to crawl out to him.He crosses the line while being fired upon at <a href="">15:15</a> (At which time he was shot)He lies in the ground without moving at <a href="">15:43</a>and is saved at <a href="">15:55</a>.And that is a pretty long time to go with no treatment of anykind (as i doubt he was able to administer first aid on himself)he probably got aid from medics right after they dragged him to safety that tried to keep him stable until they got to a hospital.That is ofc is the Timestamps are working correctly as they might not be(Since the last timestamps remains at <a href="">15:55</a> for more then 1 and a half minutes of this video).

Contact fire of south corean army to noth korean army... that&#39;s interesting

Looks like those soldiers f***ed up! Time to plan your escape!

South Korea really should’ve returned fire.

Lol Rip his family

GO NORTH KOREAN BRO. FREEDOM!

God North Korean soldiers shoot like stormtroopers 

i wonder how many of those NK troops were shot for that...

That guys family is dead i think bcus n korean law

Update:  He is recovering and now listening to K-Pop female groups.

Look at those fools stumble all over the place! The U.S. would crush them in a fight.

The days of North Korea are coming toan end. Their beloved leader a fat meglomaniac should be dumped in a prison of war camp where the inmates can tear him apart with their bare hands.he is one of the most evil leaders alive on this planet amd when he dies I hope it is slowly with great pain.

You know that at least 1/2 of those NK soldiers were thinking of following him South. Sadly, ALL of them will spend the rest of thier &quot;soon to be&quot; very short lives regretting they didn&#39;t...God Bless the USA

If i was one of the north korean soldiers, I would ran after the decfector trying to catch him, then once i get to him ill grab him then we will cross the border and defect together.

If I was one of a soldiers I would have join him to go to south kr

abosolutely dramatic :)

Is this guy still alive or dead can tell me

Here, have kpop

After a hard day if defecting, now it&#39;s Miller time.
Lets just say he got in the DMs and out too

difficult to understand what really happens there...  :(

Brave move! and get well soon!

Oh, look.. Some poor goof again left a communist/socialist paradise for the West capitalism unhuman slavery, following a treacherous PROPAGANDA they spread! They really need to build higher walls to protect their fellow citizens from the horrible fate that lies beyond!

that guy has only one job to escape, but the odds are HE ACTUALLY DID IT <b>:o</b> kuddos to him btw he did the right thing alright

It is scary to realize that war could have broken out then and there on the DMZ...it&#39;s just that easy.Especially with the violation...

The nk soldiers look so unprepared .

Me standing on the side of the road, holding out a cup of water for the guy...&quot;YOU GOT THIS! You&#39;re almost there BUD! This is the half mile marker! GO! GO!! GO!!!&quot;

The defector is okay, meanwhile those NK Guards are gonna get punished on a concentration camps with their families because they can&#39;t stop that defector.

Well done, Soldier. I know, the world knows the other DPRK soldiers wanted to follow you &amp; do the same thing. They fired at you for fear of losing their own lives. Plus what little they &amp; their families have. You’ll be eating good tonight!

GTA 5

don't give a fuck
Is there any information on the soldier&#39;s condition who defected?  Did he survive?

great russia great north korea fuck usa and isreal

I think that NKPR has right to defend it,s self and to be left alone.I t,s easy to destroy small country why US don,t fite there own size like real man instead been a bully in the world....

what the hell happen..?

Kim Jong Un: &quot;You try to escape. You DIE!&quot;

and his family is going to be executed?..

Seem like he really wants to save the jeep. Probably there&#39;s something very important in the vehicle.

did that one soldier cross the border and then ran back?

He probably killed or robbed someone, so he rushed to the adjacent territory. There he will be presented as a dissident and a “freedom fighter.” It's a shame they didn't kill the bastard.
Looks like a movie

Just think of what he what thinking

Winner Winner Chicken Dinner！
Judging by the actions of the North Koreans you can tell how pathetic they are. First of all the shooting was terrible. An American would nail that runner from 100-200 yards while these nuckleheads couldn&#39;t drop him from 20 yards. Then the way they &#39;organized&#39; the chase for him. They just stood there and did absolutely fucking nothing! They looked like scared cats to me. Just shows how these zombies are &#39;prepared&#39; for war.

<a href="">2:57</a> ㄷㄷ
FN-2187 Escaping from the First order.Starwars

Question. Who made this video? I think South Korea, but how? Drone? Sattelite?

People flee socialist hellholes to capitalist freedom all the time. Never the other way around. And yet we have people like Bernie in government.

&quot;Hello my name is Park, and this is Jackass&quot;

<a href="">3:14</a> that guy crossed the official border

Job well done !
Thanks God

Look at your own country before you comment,Police shooting and murdering innocent people, here its no better there is a shoot to kill here in Australia. Oppression is world wide whether its by fining for small infractions or overbearing conduct by the police.

I really hope North Korea becomes like South Korea in my lifetime

who cares

God bless Trump

Liberty or Death!

poor bastard... though to think about it... America/london is the biggest mass murderer that is not held responsible for its crime.

Fake news. this was made on a studio lot in Los Angeles

me love you long time, sucky sucky

Their army looks weak lol they run like pussys

Everyone is focus on this poor fellow trying to make a dare escape but guess what. Those soliders in NK they didnt accomplish to kill traitor will be executed without mercy. I am more pity for those board guarding solidiers&#39; fate

Let my DUMBASS soilder be free

This guy has serious balls

What if he was a south korean spy

North Korea Ppl = Refugees = Middle East North Africa Muslims = RefugeesSo Communism = Islam Need to get rid of both...

This man has stolen Kim jong un&#39;s nuclear bomb so he must run，run

He probably was a spy or this video is staged to start a war. I don&#39;t believe anything at face value anymore.

This is B.S  it says <a href="">15:11</a> which is <a href="">3:11</a> - (33) and if you notice the time stamp it goes off with the time at <a href="">15:11</a> for 22seconds only to come back on with a time stamp of <a href="">15:13</a>. @ <a href="">1:23</a>In only 22 seconds -  really. ??

An these north Korean soldiers are nothing but security guards.

Being Native American this gives me alot of hope.. Idk why, even tho its to late for us. Its good to see a nation helping their &quot;brethren&quot; from the other side

I wander why there isn&#39;t a wall or something that makes the escape not so easily?

Nk soldier slipping
He finally gets to listen to Lil Sethany. He did it for Justin Bieber

Those who want to defect I will gladly open that border give them a beer and burrito while covering fire for him and re igniting the Korean war. Time to topple the regime.

It looks like a Merc G-class SUV?

This was filmed in Venezuela by the Chinese and CNN said its North Korea ... look at the real footage!

So you finally escaped DRPK? I got your first beer. Then we listen to kpop watch esports. eat butt loads of food and watch destination fuucked.

Variety Show The running man

It was to easy , almost like hes entry was planned , perhaps it was if hes an agent that was running from exposure

Trash

he must have been on some next level drugs and have an unreasonable amount of determination to pull this off. I mean, the N.K troops shot at him with AK’s (and somehow missed a lot) and he was still hauling ass with bullet holes inside of him. I hope he serves the ordeal and God bless him.

I like how half of the internet thinks they know politics better than the peolpe that run their country.

No ones gonna mention at <a href="">3:00</a> we see the North Korean soldier with the AK trip and eat shit or is it just me

Hans Zimmer NOW HE IS FREE - <a href="">

People can say what they want to say about AMERICA 🇺🇸 I&#39;m Proud to be from America we are able to go to any country we want as long as it&#39;s not an enemy country,

Great Job it took whoever that is a lot of bravery to do that Dash

Am I the only one who didn&#39;t understand which road leads to where?!

How great would it have been if all the soldiers dropped their guns and ran across the border with him. Maybe some day.

all them soldiers to go after 1 guy.. Glad he had the balls to make a run for it.. wonder what info he took out with him..

@<a href="">3:01</a> Lol he tried to play it off like he was trying to prone.

That one dude who tripped in the leaves gonna have his whole family slaughtered dude tried to act he went prone 

Just in time for Thanksgiving!

Such a sad state of affairs that people in north Korea r running away ....m so lucky to be born in India

North Korean Forrest Gump. Won&#39;t be surprised if one of the bullets is lodged in his buttocks.Seriously though, I wish him well and hope he enjoys his newfound freedom.

I wonder how is this video taken.

I&#39;m happy he got away,hopefully he has a great life.btw that camera is ridiculous the range on that thing lol

Staged

Everyone want to runs away from that dictatoeship country.

GOD bless America !

wow.! the north korean soldiers looked very dumb and inexperienced. please don&#39;t go to war with us.

OOOK can we just take these guys out already because if three men standing a average of 20 feet from this guy all miss so much they only hit him five times with assault rifles then their either thier some of the worst trained soldiers in the world or not of them believes in what thier doing... Id say the later i would imagine some of these soldiers might have envied this man... i know i would have.

I think his friend let him go.. coz they r so close and yet they cant shoot him down so i think they let him go and told themselves in mind that be free our brother and i think they planned this for that guy.

Why do all of the right-wingers in the comment section support this soldier yet they don&#39;t support Syrian refugees and people who illegally cross the United States-Mexico border? What&#39;s the difference between him and them? He too was a refugee escaping an authoritarian regime and he also crossed the border illegally.

Haha North Koreans run like fuckin ducks and 4 of their trained soldiers couldnt get a kill shot with rifles at less than 100 yards. Fuckin pathetic

All for a Klondike Bar?

The USA..live N.koria
In a few months he&#39;ll move to the U.S., make a rap album about how many times he got shot, brrrrraaa! G-Unit!

I wouldn&#39;t mind if the comments were disabled on this video

bruh he tanked the shots like a boss..he really wanted to get out of that hell hole.so the UN can&#39;t do anything to stop NK?

Sad to know that even though we think the people shooting at the vehicle are evil, they may be losing their own lives because he escaped.

Run Forrest run! I&#39;m sorry...

If one gate was open for 24hrs only it would be like the movie World War Z. North Koreans would be the zombies climbing the walls. Climbing on top of each other to get through.

i truly love and welcome you to south koreahope you believe in Jesus and be saved because without Jesus life is meaninglessno matter how good south korea ishope you enjoy going to church just like the girl group members you love so much

&quot;Freedom to be your self is a gift from G.O.D.&quot; (Gold, Oil and Drugs).wtf happened at <a href="">3:00</a> ?!? there ware 3 guys with semi-automatic opening fire at 5m distance mark. Is this Rambo over imposed on CCTV or some crysis actors again to get the war with NK started? FUCK YOUR FREEDOM! FUCK NATO! BUNCH OF LYARS AND THUGS!

And he lives after all of this. What a badass!

North Korea drives on the left side of the road confirmed

This is movie material. It&#39;s so fucking intense and full of force. What the hell was he thinkin when he was driving that long ass road, when he was shot, when he closed his eyes and then opened them like fucking getting born again. Damn!

The sad part about this. 3 generations of his family will suffer life in prison of hard labor and or death...

What would happen if he was related closely to Kim Jong Un. Would rocket man be subject to the guilty by association laws?

<a href="">5:25</a>That moment when he could get up, and run to Soult Korea to be free...

RUN, Forrest, RUN!!!... &quot;Freedom&#39;s just another word of saying nothin&#39; left to lose... &quot;

He did it.there!!#

At least EA didn’t make him pay a defection fee.

Run forest run
This gonna be a movie

He deserve a travel around the most beautiful places in the world.

The NK regime will destroy this man’s surviving family members. So sad.

the north korean guards are fukin dead now.

555555555555555555555    very good !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Will trade first world communists for north korean refugees.

Because nothing is a better way  to show the world how amazing your country is than to shoot those who try to leave

It looks like the soldiers didn&#39;t try to hard to stop him, I feel as humans they know they are captives in their own country. Wouldn&#39;t you?

Nice! Glad he got out of that shithole. Maybe he retains information. Who knows.

If they can&#39;t stop one parasite-riddled kid in a jeep from Steve McQueening it over the border, what&#39;s to stop the whole damn garrison from doing it?

All the authorities are scum, some are better, some are worse, but overall they are definitely creatures.
PROOF TO EVERYONEZ EYE THAT WHAT WE HAVE BEEN TOLD ABOUT N.KOREA IS NO LIE!

His family will get punished for this

What&#39;s going on down there that he wanted to leave?

<b>FREEDOM! FUCK NORTH KOREA!</b>

I can,t wait . any longer watch same problem for long time. north got a be disappeared.

see trump, do strike over kim, can wait any more casualty like him.

His first word was &quot;I want to listen to K pop&quot;

Looks like he took the words &quot;Live Free Or Die!&quot; seriously.

You get yer money.
my freedom!
Dennis Rodman, NFL flag protestors, ANTIFA, listen to this man&#39;s story and with the help of a 2x4 across your cranium you&#39;ll finally see what a great country we live in. God bless America. 🇺🇸

I hope he makes it. What a brave guy. If he has family there they might pay dearly though.

If he was killed on South Korean soul then that could mean war...

This should be a good lesson to people like antifa, flag protestors, NFL players who think our way of life is so terrible. They can leave this country without even a question. All you people who think Trump is picking on the North, just ask Kim&#39;s people if Trump is doing the right thing. Some of you leftist need to join the basket of deplorables and see life how it truly is. God bless America and President Trump! 🇺🇸

These little bastards run like Minecraft characters and shoot like Stormtroopers!

Someone subtitle this in Portuguese
That was boring and looked very fake...

If Communism is so wonderful, why do they need to post guards to keep people from escaping? Why would people risk their very lives to escape?

If Kim Jong Shlong gave everyone the option to leave, they would all leave, you can&#39;t run a country based on fear, no one will fight for you.

<a href="">4:54</a> passengers in SUV yelling at them ‘y’all are fucked!!!’

I swear to God, this soldier deserves an award for bravery...Freedom is definitely worth the risk.
They shot him and they crawl to save him.. difference?

I am surprised the whole north try’s to escape

Messed up planet we live in.

37.955964,126.676121

There will no doubt be reprisals against the man&#39;s relatives, and probably executions of his military commander and border guards who let him get through. That&#39;s how the little fat boy rolls.

fuck comunist

Soldier sorry. He wanted freedom, he deserved it. I don&#39;t understand how in the 21st century you can live with that or where it is not possible to go. You have to sit in a fucking dereme and not twitch. Sometimes I thought that when the Soviet Union collapsed, many were not happy, but looking at this video, I understand that it was worth it. Any person should have the right to live where he wants and as he wants, but within the law. And Yes, here many write that the Russian living in something similar. It&#39;s liars. No one holds in Russia. They are free to go wherever you want. But do not go, because I know that they are no where need. They just cry in the comments. Crying about how bad live, but many of them don&#39;t even want to go there where they pay more. They only want to cry. With respect and sincere uvageniem the soldier and his freedom from Russia.

God was with him..

Now the other Soldier will Consider to Escape Also

Sure her are my papers <a href="">1:16</a> SCCCCCCCEEEEERRRRRRTTTTT!!!!!

I watched many times Americans run to Mexica for freedom, bun Koreans from DPRK?!! I know a few Koreans who work in Russia, and they are very law-abiding people.

Anyone else play the Great Escape theme over the video?

One of those North Korean soldiers broke a law crossing into south korea

THAT MAN IS THE REAL MVP

Some one has to assassinate North Korean leader, put a end to this countries terrorism to its own people

I feel bad for his family his family will suffer starvation death Maybe

This guy is infested with worms and hes a soldier,whats tha say about the rest of the people,this is very sad im so glad he got out,thank you Lord lets get them all out or get fatboy out

so the ones at end was the south that got to him why was they crawling to him like that tho?

The dog survived after all
It&#39;s coz he illegally saw a Nikkei commercial and was like,&quot;Yup. I will just do it&quot;And he fucken did it...

HIS FAMILY is dead

Fuck you Kim Jong Un
Psy make a video of this please

Now you can enjoy the K pop freely

North Korean defectors, are treated like dirt in the South Korea, homless, unemployed, discriminated

I feel really good watching how he escaped from North Korea he has now a freedom.

I hope he will be fine

This soldier must not have listened to Bernie. If he had, he would’ve known how lucky he was to live with sweet communism.

How so?!?!?! North Korean comrades were adjusting. It was necessary to destroy it with a nuclear bomb. He definitely wouldn't run away.
<a href="">6:10</a> i thought lions 

<a href="">6:10</a> why no one is talk8ng about that lions?

Run Forest. Run.
Kim Jun Un:   &quot;How the hell  all you fools missed that guy?&quot;NK Soldiers:  &quot;Supreme leader, our bullets were too rusted and we were too hungry and                           too parasite filled to run after him.&quot;

I hope this guys does not have a family.....

<a href="">2:59</a> <b>Exodus</b>
Russia. 2018
Did see (<a href="">3:01</a>) that north Korean soldier trying to drop shot?

but if you run away to Russia or China you will be extradited
The UAZ is crashing!
And now they will torture whole his family and relatives and realatives of relatives etc.

And heartless leftist fuckers still support socialism and communism

i watched siging &#39;sweet dreams&#39;
