Salute army jawan

He z a hardworking gun
Bap bap hota hai salman bhai jaan 
No need to I&#39;d proof of Salman khan bhaijan 

Well done indian army
In reality yeh MC sala do takke ka security wala sirf apni bharam baazi dikha raha hai k meine itni bari actress ko roka

Kuch Bahenchod YouTubers views ke liye kuch bhi thumbnail edit karke post karte hai, bhadwe

Very good duty 

Aaa, can we check Salman Khan's ID also? Is there any trace of Salman Khan in front of our soldiers?
Ooooo bollywood guys, how long have you been fighting in front of our soldiers?
Inko party ghumana and thirst fly itnahi bus
Super Indian army fan ho gaya bro not Bollywood
jo  log  police  or security  guards  ko  galat  bol  rehay  ho  agar  bagwaan  na  karay  koi  vardaat  ho  jaye  to  fir   app  sab  log  os  time  be  security  guards  police  ko  gali  dogay.  security guards  or  police  wale  hamari  he  safety  ke  liye  puri  immandari  se  apni  job  kar  rehay  ha  so  please  give  them  respect......I  salute  to  all  Security  Personnel  for  keep  us  safe  Thanks.......Aman Canada.

CISF wala jaan's ID is requested
Brother, why are you raising such a question when you are not interested in getting those photos clicked, then why are you doing this thing...had it, man 
Will ask Salman's father
Where is these celebrities why they silent on the Kerala story?

Hello cisf 
That's why you put that thimble in to fuck your mother.
Teri maa ki choot,, who is the owner of this channel
This law should be there for all
Fake heros of the india bollywood actors and actressesReal herso of india 🇮🇳Army,farmers, scientist,and we love  and like only our real heros 🇮🇳jai hind🇮🇳

It is absolutely true
Good job 
CISF is a government uniform, that's why it is silent, if SiS had been there then these celebrities would have quarreled, especially young people.
Mazaaaa agyaaaaa yaaaaar
there is not much BC
That is a protocol

Duty is A Duty proud to be a Indian Army

Aree, the public of the country wants to take motherfucker slavery into its fold, that is why these guys who have come from spring are ruining the country...fans and seculars, everyone is saved as a whore.
CISF

Rules are same for all



Rules followed all of you

Special salute to the officers ..

Mc

Whose father came, show your ID first.
Who is who? Fuck your ass. Nothing is bigger than security. What kind of hair is this?
There is a clear difference between a real hero and a fake hero. Jai Hind.
Except IFS, MPs( as they have maroon colour passport), all others ids r checked  no matter ho powerful they r

Jai ho

Security  

Nice

All the pictures with Salman were not posted 
Now the Bhutha got into trouble with the Indian Army.
Salute you sir ji
Very good sir 
Jai India army ️
Good job
Indian army Jindabad
<a href="">

No one is above the Law !

One should not trust such a person at all, salute to police officer 
salute me fauji bhai ko

aasman s aaye h yeh bhenchod

Inke toh acchi checking karen chaiya

Are loud thunder mein kya kuchh bhi likhta hai

There is still talk of Salman bhai.
No one is paying attention to this, why do I know that celebrities are being asked for ID? If any celebrity is entering the airport, they are keeping a lot of logs by packing cameras. Obviously, there is a security issue. I am a star because I don't need any ID...we are like idiots...
I proud my army

It is the misfortune of the country to give up these naked people.
Who said that there are heroes in Bollywood, these are the business people whom people have put on their heads, buy cut Bollywood, in this world, if you really love your parents then stay away from Bollywood.
Salman bhai 
Asali Hero vah hota hai Jiske andar Insaniyat Ho my favourite Salman Khan

Absolutely true duty is duty
This is Salman se id manga hi nahi video banane wala chutiya hai kya
Jiyo

Law is equal for everyone
Itni security sidhu mosse vale nu ditti jndi ta ajj sade pra vee hona sse
SUPER HITZ ACTORS AND ACKTRESS  AND ALL TEAMS

ArmyMother2Farmer3MotherFather
Very good india army

Aise police wale hai salman jese ho hero bana diya

Time barbad hota hai sab bakwas hai

If you apply the mail to show that you are not there
Denied* not denyed
Sir, my father said that Indian Army Kishan and my father are all real heroes.
Aabe inn jaise bollywood actors or actresses ka kaise bhadha rahe hai,
Who is Salman Khan's father? Are you pulling his photo?
Army powar Slute army men

Bollywood actor and actress ko plane main kyun jana , khud private plane main jao bcoz paisa bahut hain tumhare pass .

Salman Khan entry 
Nikal di nahi no celebrity tiktok nation first in front of BC uniform
Salute to the soldiers of our country
Legend be like - Wait I am coming soon

I have not checked the song one Salam khan bhai jaan second akhasy kumar
SAHI HE TUM KOI BHI HO .

Great Man salute to you

Jio shet
Lekin bjp ke gadhe jab aate hain tab ye log sare rupe bhulkar talwe chatne ka kam karte Hain

Power of thumbnail

Hindi actress 
Sahi he Id card to dikhana padega.. Chahe ap koi v ho

How do these media people know which star is going to Mumbai airport when?
No one can give me the ID, I am not your father's father.
Ase hi chahiye bro guide line
Maza aa gaya film boycott, less revenues, people unfollowing them increasing daily

All these scoundrels of Bollywood - those who spread filth in the society - those who fool the common people and mislead them - those who give respect to those who spread unrighteousness are also looters... all this should be completely boycotted in all respects...
CISF JAI HIND

Salute ba sir
KYA CHUTIYAPANTI HA DESH K ASLI HERO . IS NAKLI HERO K SATH PHOTO CLICK KRWANE K LY PAGLA HO RHE HAI.

Old video ko dramatic tarike se banaya hai 

Bollywood wale jaha bhi jayange gandegee faliyange eyee sab apne apko baap samajhta hain lekin yeh sab tharki Or charsi hain

Indian army sabka power nikal dete he
Actually, what have they done to make everyone crazy about them Actually, they have been fooled for 3-3 hours so that they can't see it.
See brother's honor
Look at these celebrity faces, they thought they are above the law and they are out of the Law, Hats off to these Security personnel to drag them to the ground

Jalwa hai bhai ka
Indian Army is there, you will have to show papers.
Jihadibood wale ko Hindu Bhai hero mat mano madherchodwood hum are culture ko ko pat kar hai.
Am

Rules are same for every citizen. Salute to those securities

Susant Singh rajput sir ke Jane ke baad Aab Bollywood Mai sirf Laura land hai  2% old hero hi thik honge

What is Denied Entry? Now don't even inspect the ID? More than 4 lookalikes are seen in the reels alone.
Or my promise is that you will let the tears of our people's blood flow....you will have ended many people's careers with your power, but when the public will end your careers, your old pride will be buried in ashes... all indians plz always ready to ban all bollywood industry .................we can't need this type of crack entertainer....... The more you sit on your head the more you put in the pair.
You will yearn for one ticket of each movie to be sold.
Salle salman tu is army wala ka noukri chin liya na ab tera movie ka maa or behen hum public karenge ..........tu leke aoo apna movie

Is the whole of Bollywood leaving the country?
I love india army

Really Good jokes salman khan

Brother did you do the right thing Radhe Radhe
Good huge salute to our indian army🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Our  army is real heroes Jai hind  Jai Bharat

Celebrity hO chahe jOh bhi hO hetOh insan hina? Budhe bel ke pichhe  itna pgal gein lOg Q? Salman budhe elephant 

I haven't seen even a little bit of liquor in the car and it's a mad drink.
Modi also needs the same kind of security check, but then there is chilli in the ass of the devotees.
This is an old mullah
Indian army jindabaad
Who are you? Are you the PM CM? Are you just going to dance and not even dance? 
Stay here jio mere Indian Army 🇮🇳🇮🇳
Salman khan doesn&#39;t stop u fools
Par salman khan I'm not sure what to do
Yes, all the gangsters of Bollywood are the children of Madrachod whores, they become celebrities only because of the public, the price of these Madrachodons is not ₹ 10, that is why they become celebrities, they become celebrities only because of the public, Hain
Salman Khan, the leader of criminals and murderers...
The country's PM sir has to show his ID.... You are a Bollywood idiot.
Salman bhau in Onother Level Swag ️

Salute security guard

This video is fake don&#39;t watch it please

Hamata asli hero to Indian army hai chahe unke same koy  BHI ho

<b>India ke ek chutiya group me ye log bhi h jo selebrity ke piche cammera leke khade rhte h</b>

Rules is the Rules. (Actors) They are also just Humans. So what&#39;s wrong here

The fight is equal brother because if someone does something then this log will come out.
respect person

Why are those ground air hostesses escorting jhanvi and Khushi Kapoor.

Checking will be for everyone or rules are for everyone
Journalists also take pictures of this Priyanka Khopra.
These scoundrels of Dawood, what do they think of themselves? The one that Deepika entered inside, like she was a queen. rude woman
Good work
Bhaiya Denied the spelling on Google, he tried to find the correct one.
They are not allowed to touch Salman Khan.
Indian defense personell are real heros

Guys don&#39;t take selfie with celebrity. Don&#39;t notice him  or her. Bcz for this they feel superior.. &amp; ignored their fans..

The best things is carrying responsibility so well. All world will down his head infornt of (imandari)

Jay hind
Very good 
Ye kin kin logo se fhoto khicvate hai best heros army is a riyal hero

Indian army news
Yes, my country's army is where the real heroes are, no matter who else is there, it is not theirs either.
Media Kam mandir ke samne bethe bhikari lagte ho

Who are these Bollywood celebs???....my foot.....the real celebs are try these  army men....these bolly loosers should respect them...look at the way glam body Deepika goes inside and gets irritated when officer calls her....who is she in front of that officer???.....a body seller, that&#39;s all.....

This world is right in front of me, but even my hunter doesn't care...
Are you Salman Khan or anyone else… rules are one for everyone
Why are Salman Khan's car windows tinted? Is it illegal to tint?
These security guys will never reach the net. Just soft log Bollywood ko puchenge
There is no wrong in this. Security is doing its work


instead of covering the officers who did there duty honestly ....the media is covering bollywood stars....bullshit.... and hatts off to the officers who stand equal with every person...next time cover the officer&#39;s who real stars n not the reel stars

Without Id In bhadvon Ko entry prohibited karni chahiye

Saif Ali Khan wo bhadva apna ID bina dikhakar kaise andar ghusa

I love indian army

Sara's wedding will be over.
Indian media has fallen because of its own actions.
Who checked Salman. No one.

What did you do and how to see the ID?
RIP thumbnail 
Friend, I don't understand that such a record is being made about any celebrity, is he not a human being, is he not an Indian citizen, he will not have any Indian ID, if Salman Khan is getting his ID checked by a government civil officers. What mistake are you making or who made this video? Did you get it from someone?
Sick media....
Police salam 

I am heat Bollywood

Live my share
Look these so called celebrities are nobody...who r they????/they shud be given same treatment like any other person..unfortunately our law system is puppet in their hands ..paisa feko tamasha dekho....just cant understand

are you salman khan???
Jai hind
No matter who the star is, he should not be allowed without ID.
Airport ka security guard sach hai

He is humshikel bi hotel hin ghlat iqdamat kr skte hin
but who are these girls in red uniform. I have seen many girls in such dress with celebrities at airport

The army is required to do its duty and follow the rules and regulations.
. nice
salute you sir
Ye kunsa vai hai
2.38 Bina mtlb ka etna has rha h

Good job 
esha bhartey jaban ko bandey matrama jey hinda Bharat Mata ki Jay
Only in India they do but not in foreign  country and they will arrest them if they don’t behave in other countries.

Check ID for all the people when they take flight it is for proper security .Indian security is doing right 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳

Rules are rules, they should be same for everyone.
I love you too Indian army

Sunny leone mam

Rules for every one

Good

I love army

Ek ke saath sab line me..First comnt dekh kr...Copy par copy 
This is very good, my armys the real hero

We all need id to enter the airport, thank you LAW.

Haa mujhe pata hai tum kon hoo

Why are you wasting your time with dogs?
Every Shahrukh Khan is not hota
Agar ig sahab hote to koi checking nahi that the power

Real hiro army ️
Salman Khan is my foot 
Akshay kumar op 
<a href="">3:00</a> over smart <a href="">4:39</a> or he bhi over smart<a href="">9:32</a> big over smart word

heading should be more apt.....movie stars do not carry photo ids while travelling, its heavy on them.... heading should not be security denies entry to celebrities....

sara's makeup answered
He is doing his work, he is vip, what has he done?
First parents and God and our Indian Army
Tu celebrity hoga apne ghar pe, tere under tho decplene  Nehi hai, sirf movie babana atta hey Army ka, paysa kamane ke liye

Babu bhaiya, you will not get entry without ID, father.
Rule is same for every one.. ye log kya upar se aye hai kya

You did the right thing, you are a star like Salman Khan, I don't know how to understand yourself
When sunny leone 
Well done 

Sara didn&#39;t seem happy with security check 

Bollywood celebrity kahi ke Pm nhi he vo bhi hamari tarah is desh ke nagrik he rules unhe bhi follow krne padenge

Hey man, Sunny Leone should have been let go, every child in our country knows this.
I am respecting you so much
Cisf power
<a href="">1:36</a> I think on this part nothing really happened she was just normally reacting but the nonsense sound and the music ruined it all

Whether you believe it or not, the main power is the government and the corporate who will give orders.
What kind of idiots are they shaking their old dumb like a dog?
What so special in this ..If we take a low class people categories in india ..These dirty politicians (someone) and dirty bollywood people(who expose body to earn money) will be on top of that list ..But unfortunately our people are giving preference to them

Really appreciate, the work of security officers. But other hand,. Those people who barking Sir,, sir,, mam, mam, I feel deep sympathy to all of them. I think think, this is not only a way to make ends meet. They have to follow some self-respect, but they are dying, saying,,, Please please, Sir, sir, sir, madam, mam mam. And those celebraties even not looking at them.

inn celebs ki koi okaat nhi h inn Army pesonals k saamne .Cisf personal are doing a very good job

50% problems to ese ho solve ho jayegi agar hum log in nachne wale logo ko seer pe na betha ye

South movies and super stars are way better

Why do indian news have to make it so dramatic ...like shaking of the videos or extra extra replays or the music like dum tanatanata like wtf...and indian animation sucks like the worst and some other countries too but almost all 95% of indian animation sucks and bollywood is no more interesting we no longer wait in excitement for new movies now ...cause it&#39;s all just the same a guy and a girl falls in love and this that ...ugh

This hero is just fake and he doesn't even want to dance.
I love you India 🇮🇳 army 
Show me that ID, you are the hero of your house.
Airport celebrity k baap.nhi Jo muh uthaa k aa jaa sake
It's your duty...that's why you have to do this for your country.
Rules are equal for everyone
What did this terrorist come to the airport to do?
This media promotes fake heroes
Everyone on the day
HM public did not put Karachiwood's power
Army boy is real superstars.  Salute 🇮🇳
Jokers should be treated like common man

Cisf should not clucked pic with these jokers. Good job cisf staff. It shld be more stringent

Fayway is India number 1 Construction Company which deals in all kinds of Home Villa Mansion Hospital Corporate office and Corporate Manufacturing Plants Construction. Refer and Earn Money

Akshay and Salman are the masters of this country who let things go without any restriction!! On the contrary, these security officers are getting photographs taken with these chu***. Like this, are they doing the duty of the country or the job of these people? Go and clean the utensils in their house.
Bollywood toh editing ka bajese hero he army toh original hero he

I love india army

Only south guard who can save bollywood people
No matter he is celebrity or she is celebrity the forces doing our duty salute

Bhai ki id nhi chek huyi kyu bhai kanoon to sabke liye hai

That's it bhai bhai kar rhy bhai koi bhai hi nai de rhy
I doubt if you know what the word &#39;denied&#39; means.

Bina I&#39;d beg for the air
Deepika ko pass se dekhne ka bahana tha....ID ID

Well Done and Salute to the Officers ‍️‍️‍️ you have done an outstanding job , keep doing it 
They are doing their duties, celebrities ho to kya, o kya bhagwan he.

Police is the king...

Who are the bitches that are giving so much importance to these dirty people?
CISF Power, second power is the highest, it is police
Nice sir, I am very proud of you.
Daba ji
I   u  sara
Rules is rules who ever

Celebs &lt; army on border Our heros 

Our law said every one included celebs and army and a poor person and a rich person are equally treated 

Real hero army I like it
Rules are rules and equal for everybody ab wo chahe bada celebrity kyo naa ho.

This should be done salute to security

What is bald??
Kumar  dal
Power of thumbnail

Come to the airport and show your face to the celebrities.
Salmaan khan ID was not checked
I feel like saluting such an officer
Safety precautions haha
What do you think of the dancing guys? They are in a modern room, didn't they find out that there are no drugs in the room?
CISF Army CRPF BSF Real hero hai bhai
These are Indian soldiers.🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
lauda bol salman khanko kuch v nahi maga dusra actor ko id magra hai he salman khanki army hai ye sop
Hey, seeing the darkness, your face became black due to darkness. My mother opened her eyes and seeing the light became bright.
Yes we know you are not a dancer
Saram ka Keya bad, duty, duty, ap dekha do ID
Abe id kaun mag rha hai salman se aise thumbnell na banaya kr

These stupid idiots should know how to follow the rules or else face the brunt..lucky they were born in India..else they would have been thrashed publicly..

Great salute,jai hind
Thank you sir for giving everyone the same respect.
Salute to cisf officer

Overacting

Yah Bollywood stars, what do you think of yourself? If you don't understand yourself as God... you don't know that the father of this world is God. Salute to you this Soldier has taken away the pride of Bollywood people Jai Hind 🇮🇳
I have a lot more in my hand and in the video too all the photos are with me and I didn't even ask for the ID. Salman Bhai Sa.
Unka duty hy checking to karwana hi parega ..usme kon si chokne wali baat hai..

Yehh celebrity hai to kya bagwan hai ? Rules sbb k liye ek hai

Have power brother?
lick brother's soles
Sallu Bhai Jaan is the king of Bollywood

Jhand ka bhai

The entire food took off its face.
Good sir
Crime ho raha ho why is this music used?
Someone behind was shouting, "What is this drama? Sara doesn't understand?" Andar jane dena chahiye&quot; Surely someone will be a homeowner.
Bollywood wallo ko to nanga karo cheque karro madrechodo ko.sall deshdrohi.
This will happen only to the Havaldar but cannot be tamed.
Real time. Indian Army has arrived. Jai Hind. Jai Hindustan. Nitish Yadav
Police and armi

No need for this video...media ko koi kaam nh h...this is a regular checkup for passenger convenience

The artist is not a hero
I&#39;d where 

In sabhiyo ke andar attitude kitna rehta hai  lagta hai bhagwan hai

Power of fake thumbnails 

Chutiya log raha hai tona hai..kabhi insan ko ko dekha kya hai… bc oh log koi indra lok nahi aaya hai… sab...bewadi gaydu…selfist…gamand randu randis hai…koi There is no useful thing...with respect...the people who serve the country for the day...
Power
Jay Jawan Jay Kisan
Ek baar meri bhi id dekhi thi 

Naam to hua

Ya ise bolte hai Army ki power salute you sir

Salute to army

There is no sign of a Bollywood star
the real heroes Indian army🇮🇳

Jai Hind

Jai Hind
we r all&#39; always  support India army🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
<b>CISF🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳</b><b>RESPECT TO INDIAN SOLDIERS</b><b>REAL HERO NOT BOLLYWOOD ACTOR AND ACTRESS</b>
Who is Salman...<b>Who is this Bollywood wale..Unlogo ki utne aukad ki ki..Fouji ko Ghurke dekhe</b>OKRESPECT TO THE INDIAN SOLDIERS
Didn't check Akshay
Security bhao lerha
Jio sher🇮🇳
Those guys took selfies with sunny leon 
Serial

Salman....king
Celebrity should salute officer when they meet to them

<a href="">#celebrities</a> didn&#39;t deny entry through security

Slammed officers

Salute to our indian armies and security 

Jay hind jay bharat 
Why should we become heroes?
Hey brother...the real hero of the country also started taking photos with the heroes of the pictures


Why are you reading these actors' pictures? These are the heroes of the reel. Real hero to Indian Army .
Mombi come mombai is chore city her night manva sale morning sale goit bad city mombai her sea near it jadha clean no city  her come people athmathya city talk false no

Proud moment to be our soldiers

Fuck those bollywood chutiya&#39;s.

Indian army 🇮🇳
I respect indian army More than bollywood  nepo kids

I appreciate him
Tum Ek (......) Ho.

Rok rok ke to aise dikha rahe hai jaise ID nhi gaand mang li ho

Somewhere down the line top officials in the crash knew the scary spelling secrets of Deepika, Salman Khan.... No wonder they were stopped at the airport by security personnel officers <a href="">#Republic</a><a href="">#Wion</a>

Salute security officer

Say cisf jawan
Army 
bollywood is trash and fake

Good job  duty is duty everyone should be treated equally

Good job bhaai   salute

Jai Hind .
Don&#39;t give importance to these bollywood hero... Infact zero

Whichever Salman you are, he is the leader of the country's administration.
Isko bolte Indian army
Bhai ka jalwa hi alag h yr
Chhi chhi saleon
Jai Hind bro jai hind sir

Security guard will be like: This smile shines again.
Brother, let Sunny Leone know
The music itself is deadly. As if some big crime has already happened 

Bollywood me bhi bahut gotala hota hai

Why do you keep a big coin in your pocket?
jai hind
Madam, this man is an army and no one listens to him.
Army I love

Don't compare Chutiyo Bhai with Sara or Jaanvi.
This is what has to be done, only Bollywood people have done it... Aam log hi here..toh general protocol has to be followed.
1 no india army
The real hero of Bollywood is Akshay Kumar Sir 
Ye Shirf public's shame hero banna chat h...or not much h


Ye hi rule hai

Chadna Ni Priyanka's child is hurt and will die.....hahaha
Any rule is the same for everyone 
This actor and actress are human beings not an angel ...we salute our officers who are doing their duty sincerely .... If this actress and actor show rude behavior just put them behind bars ...hai Hind..

Nice 
Why will they be checking, this is some god who is doing nukkad drama, that's all
Good job
Saara personal assistant will be fired surely 

Policemen be like... Whose photo is there.... I am staying here everyday
Salute sire ️️️
Yeh sab padhe likhe idiots hai 

I proud of Indian army

Ye kya tumlog views ke liye salman khan pr troll kr rhe ho agar view lana hai to acche chiz pe kro

Achchay Kumar was stopped at the airport... couldn't believe it.
These people do not get as much as our soldiers do not. In my view, the hero is not this but the Indian Army, who is serving us today and these actors and actresses are also celebrating Diwali. Salute to our youth for giving birth to Mother India.
Salman's such aunty
Salman se I'd kyu nahi manga aur pics on duty khichaney sab jama hogaye
Next step is ganja with ID, is it also required to be ordered if it is to get jammed  Movie stars = Ganjedi Gang &amp; Our Respected Indian Forces = Real Heroes our all time Super Star 
Saluuaa no branch
Brother, you have heard so much, what have you done to upload?
Good

Why people give importance to these people so much? Have we ever given importance to Border Security Force and Military?Because of them we are safe and breathing does any one know?🇮🇳

very bad
No buddy can touch Or stopped to the salman Khan

Please Don&#39;t add special effects ass**oles

But it is not said to see more than the reflection
priyanka looks older than nick

How big a leader are you? Hero checked everyone, you should know sir, Jai Hind.
They did not ask for ID of SALMAN, and taking picture with him

Good job
Why don't you stop the man, you've fucked the officer, stop everyone, check.
Shivlund hogaya

Who r da real hero here ...its our india jawan not those duplicate hero celebrities...salute to da jawans

Law is equal for everyone
Due to drug may be

An actor tries many times togive the best shoot but a security officer has to do it at the very first time without failure.

This the real power, I salute to all our soldiers who show them the mirror.

Big salute our soldiers Jai Hind
Salman khan - Who do you know? Officer - Who are you?
I salute our security... Jai Hind

dock media
Salman Khan Is Best

Tu salman hai to bo Singam hai

I salute for this soldier

I was thinking these people thoroughly checked all the time, after the Salman khans incident it has been found that these people used to go without checking in the past. Shame to INDIA.

Yes right duty ....

This is what happens when the fake hero fights with the real life hero. Salute to our brave hero CRPF Army BSF and all.
I salute this force.. you actors may be hero only in screen not in real life. So don&#39;t mess with real life heroes.

BOLLYWOOD WALAY KI OYAKAT NAHI HAY ARMY KAY SAMNAY

To shi to he yarr matlab galat kya jo rha he shi to rhs he sab normall he isme badha chadhakar dikhane wali kya baat he

Very good officer

Sb say Mast entry thi salman bhai ki

Duty hi sab kuch The real heroes

Real boss
Good job
Great
surprised that they dont carry air tickets, aadhaar card, pan card in their hand bags or in their wallets;  surprising and they get agitated when questioned

There is no reaction from Salman
Salute to CISF officer. India works by Law of Land.Jai Hind !Ex mediaman , The IN , Patna.

Dignified gentlemen 
Good job
It doesn&#39;t seems like guard checked salmans&#39;s Id proof.

The superstar celebrities of our country are farmers and soldiers, the bad people of Bollywood are stars in name only, they are of no use, only the superstar in Bollywood industry is Sonu Sood, although he plays the role of a goon in the film, but in reality he is a hero, the rest are the bad guys in Bollywood. The people neither believe in God nor the Indian law, and even the Indian law cannot uproot them, the law is so weak, the law is equal for all, motherfuckers, hero heroine people.
No one will give you any money, Indian army love you.
Good work men
I salute My saadhi ku.... Kanun sapkahe barabar

What is the law?
This called a genuine officeer great Aur aye jo Hamare local Thulu‍️ Hote hain sahar ke andar Apne sare rishtedaro ko jane dete hain

Cover to esa gate ho tum fake utuber log bada chada kar
Wow 
Like dogs they run after bones, just like the cameras also run, all these celebrities have been made heroes by the public, they don't even talk like that.
It's true Boss 
Salutations to such guardians of law
Sall bhaii  itna asani se chala gaya...boss

<a href="">#lavdasalmaan</a>
Salute u sir... Love frm kashmir.
It's fun  watching all the celebrities making fun.....
Girls love how hard it is to see Salman and take photos.
He is equal to the law.
BOLLYWOOD TERI MA KI

This is no vip
Salute indian army

This is what we encourage in actors because they are not real heroes but the real hero is our kishan bhai or young man who is doing auraksa every day.
CISF OFFICER :  RUKH JAA JYADA HOSIYARI MAT MAAR BAJUME AAJA SARA ALI KHAN BE LIKE GAZAB BEZATIIII HAI YAAR

Duty is duty gd jb

I don't know anyone, I am an army man, I don't care who you are.
Awesome sir
 only saman law
feeling proud 
Sara be like whose mouth did you see today...
Army

Come
Duty

Very good job.... Selute this guard

Good sir...
Kya lggta hai bth bada kaaam krrliya.. celebrity bnnke... Nepotism actors
Don't stop Akshay sir 
This is what needs to happen 
The law is equal for all. Those who obey the law are equal for their family members.
Aadhar card is not available, what is this log?
Good job cisf

They are performing their duties ...what is wrong in this?.celebraties are get paid what they do and rules are rules for everyone.

Salmaan khan
Bhai ya movie de kota ta army ki Dhaka
Love 2 army bhai

Ye actress apne ap ko prime minister samaj lete hi to tik tok wale chifminister se kam nhi smjhte hoge

Listen to every 1 Stars hongye apne ghar mein okKanoon sab k liye equal hai

Tuase video that daltahe be
They know akshay kumar, so they didn&#39;t get him with id proof 

One is true 
And Salman khan bhai how are you?
Thank you sir ji
hum.sirf.army.ko.hwro.manti.hi
security slute you guys

Nobody is above the law..jai hind..

My love Indian army

Salute salute and salute.this shows the power of Indian army

This is a wardrobe, it doesn't matter to anyone.
Indian army jindabad boycott bollwoyd, boycott sahruk and Salman specially

What is Salman's date?
No hero will check his sales, he is just a young man.
Wow, what kind of security are there, don't consider these soldiers as heroes, law is equal for all.
Law is law okk

Kya chutiyappa he be bhai bhai  kya movie me nhi dekhte Jo ye log itna lage rahete he piche

It&#39;s good initiative by security forces.

Sallu to sallu h 
Army

Salman ko kaha ruka ..police wala family photo le rahe 
Indian Army is doing great work..
Indian Army is there for us...otherwise look at the situation in Afghanistan...all the celebrities ran away from there.
Salam people also give the opportunity to write in front of me, I want to welcome you.
nice sir
Shi ha bhai
The cisf personal belongs from my state Kalinga(odisha)
Ek number 
Collect ki din collect ki rat
बुबु ज्रा बच ऽ I lost a little bit to the Indian Army. Jai Hind Jai Bharat 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
बुबु ज्रा बच ऽ I lost a little bit to the Indian Army. Jai Hind Jai Bharat 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
All peoples and celebrities are equal for on duty officer&#39;s

Thumbnail me kya tha or h kya

They think that just by acting in  movies have given them real life authority to use face as the ID cards.Mortal beings are all the same . Good job.

That's why this log has come from the sky... Will you check it?
I had seen Bollywood people getting naked in films, I saw them getting naked at the airport too, that too
Bollywood itself used to be naked, now it is being made naked and it is also fun
Innn sab jo dikhawa hero hai humare yaha ,   inn sab ko more then 3times chacking hota hai USA main and ye sab indian main saan dikha k ghum rahe haj ...see bura baat nehi paisa hona ya wo sab artifical nakalo hero bure nehi hai par dekho hunare real life main hunare real hero india army kitna death hita hai unko salutr karo hardin ....ynke baat karo hardin ...unke liye proud feel karo ...unke ek raat jagnese hum.peacefully sokar acha acha khayali dream dekhte hai ...our ye sab nakali hero k drama dekhte hai ....stop appreciating these drama heros ...please appricate doctors those saving cancer hospital evryday and curing so many lifes and those are gynecological those are supporr and give seriously efforts to save life with properly birth a child ....for our socity...please appreciate to our mothers those are giving us education our first teacher ...appreciate to our country PM mr Narendra modi ...with hes wisdom he save us from so many problems....seating on 4gn network and taking and appreciating to these drama so called hero stop guys ....ye sab paisa kamaye hunare ek movie tickets and wo movie kya sikhaya ...ladkiko chedna, pyar main pagal hona and family increase karna ...no education about space , plants and earth ...we all are very far from reality...entertainment education bhi ho sakta hai ...watch hollywood movies ...indians same ghisaa pita movie ...wahi actor aftrr so much old age ...no new young heros this all are stupid basically eyes khud k pass hai open and watch the reality ...whats on going

Where to follow the protocol for taking photos with Salman Khan and Akshay Kumar...this is India...this has never happened before and will never happen haha ​​ when duty is in the main, all these people do not want to take photos...salman khan and Akshay Kumar these people's are not real life hearo .....army academic main chod do inke nala pad jaayega ...even 1hr nahi ruk paayenge...ac main sona and kuch kam nehi karna karna showoff chod kar ye sab Who is the hero taking any photo?
Bhai toh bhai hi hai levels
Salute to Indian army and police actor hai toh kya  sahi hai sab equal

Sara's ego got hurt
New
 Salman King of Bollywood

Why did you see Jihadi?
The fun is coming
Judge more powerful than PM

Sara speaks like this as if she is his gf.
Bollywood stars are only actors.they all are not hero. In my country real hero is the Indian army. Bollywood stars doing entertainment business for earning money

Ye thumb

I am the main bitch of all Bollywood girls.
Jai Hind Jai Bharat Indian Army 
Great police

Radhe radhe

India&#39;s security first... nothing else...And they&#39;re not celebrity for everyone...like me...

Jio  sher
<a href="">7:49</a>

Why have you kept these people so high, man? Once a film was being shot on Yamuna Expressway, Katrina Kaif and Farhan Akhtar were there, I too was sitting in my car smoking beedi. They were shooting a scene in the car very close to me, but I did not even move from my place. No, I kept tasting beedi and did not take any photos.
Thanks very much

Good

All these are Bollywood dancers, no one is an idealist of our country, they should be treated the same as a common man.
Jai Fauji Bhai 
Jai hind siir
Rules is rules chahe koi bhi ho

Isi culture ko to badalna h.

Yeh Koi Bohot Bade Toph Nahi H...
Modi ji, Ambani or Adani ka aand khujlata h 
Akshay Kumar’s entry with one pant up ️ &amp; one down

As soon as Salman enters the airport people like “ Bhai bhai bhai yeh plane ️ aapki hein bhai !! Leke jao bhai 

jai hind to all soldiers. ...real hero

O Dhani Kalyug Maharaj, you have shown amazing leela by making the saints sad and exalting the sinners.
Is this a security..clicking photos with Salman dadu

But why no check up of staff of celebrities

Shihai
I am only a fan of Army and not a fan of Bollywood.
ARMY all ages
BC is hot only on screen, off screen BC is active, it can't wait for 2 minutes, it gives MSG in main log or society.
Nice army

Well done it’s the prefect way to show these people their place … they are just entertainers and nothing else

Selmon bhai ko nhi roka

By banning celebrities at the airport, you consider yourself a big VIP 
Yeh toh band hai asli hero toh hamari security forces hai jai hind

It is not because of these laws or rules but because of these celebrities..!!
THE HOLLYWOOD&#39;S DUMB

These dancers should not be fucked. The law is the same for everyone. In reality they are the traitors. The dancers
Oh dear, stop this man who is working hard for the country and pray for him.....pure bollywood nepotism is flourishing.
Good

Are you my friend? I'll show you why I have this pain.
If ever you should see a doctor then tell him your ID proof.
Mike Tyson killed selmon boi at a slum match

All are equal before law

Rule is rule

Apne Baap Kaa Airpot Samjhte H Salebrety
I salute  to the inspector

salman ne id to dekhai nhi ulta photo khichwa k bhaag gya 

Big salute sir

Didn't see Salman Bhai's card
Big salute 
Sunny

If Salman Khan body guard Shera will come then security guard wets his pants and his attitude will die

All celebs should be treated normally like other people

Make news about celebrities and make them viral on social media.
Our real hero is our army and security personnel

Now this policeman will come to the bathroom once again in the name of Sunny Leone.
Ye video again aya ghum pher k
Whatever the case, investigation is necessary.
Good job bro

Did they just let Salmon go without checking or i just missed that part

Jay Hind , Jay Bharat , Bharat Mata Ki Jay , Indian Army Jay , ODISHA  Boycott bolyoowed,
Abe to isme itna chaukne ki kya baat hai sala ye tuchche bollywood celebrity hain

Vai a log vagwan hain kiya... oo bhi aam admi hain. , So asking for ID from them is such a low thing...our constitution has not given much rights to anyone. ..all Indians are the same... people only want TRP....
Whoever drove the army broke the vertical square
Oh gosh ! So much of hype just when the actors walk from their car to front gate , the actors feel as though they are walking red carpet. Cut the crap guys!

Great work
This people nah when they are so famous they will act like pm, I love those guards

Rule is rule

Jai hind sir good job🇮🇳🇮🇳
why fucking dumb ass blind people asking him for photo..he just ass whole bollywood celebrity what you dumb ass people know about them...

Salman must punish the cisf guy

Yo foji s pardhan
Haa to chutiye sabka krete krete haana airport kya hua 
Sara Sara kya God he Sara ????
i also salute to all these security personnel who followed protocols without partiality

Bollywood people were just copying and considering themselves heroes.
Yeh sab bollywood wale security force ke pairo ke dhul h.

You may become a big winning leader or a Bollywood star, but where you have to follow rules, you have to follow them, Jai Hind 🇮🇳🇮🇳
Why was Akshay kumar &amp; priyanka chopra not stopped ? 

Suspend karo chutiya CISF ko

Sara Ali Khan to  h

Actors hi to h koi Mahapurusho nhi h
Team doing their work thas a good thing salute to the ones who work for us

These rogues need to be put in additional level of check prior to airport entry and even the flight

No one has seen his ID
Why did I give respect to Sallu? The soldier along with me also took a selfie, so I started walking.
Well.done

These guys have never broken any rules. These videos are made only to get likes, views etc. but more than half of them start giving knowledge.
Boy cott Bolly wood

Watching this was the happiest moment of our life. Great work security guards. Keep it up.We support yu.

Even from a politician?
How come these people run like dogs chasing people with cameras, I have not come into the society till today because they don't care what is the benefit of chasing them.
Power of Indian Army

CISF people do not know that their salary comes from taxes.
I have to make everyone a hero.
Security = give your I&#39;d proofSalman= aao photo khich wa lo

Wow super b sir

 to our security personal 🇮🇳. These bollyworms walk in as if it’s their fathers dowry asset . They don’t understand if one of these guys taking vedio itself complains with proof these poor personals stands to lose their job .

Salman ko nhi roka real hero Salman khan
Why are you giving so much importance to these dancers and singers? What are these people? What is their contribution to the society.
These guys dance and consider themselves heroes.
It's Sara's last year, he took the poor girl.
Very good salam to our real heros

Brother, what wrong did I do? What did I do? No one is anyone's father.
Everything pales in comparison to the power of the uniform.
CISF is doing its duty or is doing absolutely right work.
What is the matter that you are eating? Jai Hind, Jai Bharat sir.
Power uniform  I gave four sticks to Salman Marta and Sara gave four sticks to lady officer 
They are just entertainers who sing dance and act for money and fame.. They not doing any great service to be treated special in anyway, esp their kids. Donna why many nutheads worship them.

Every humanbeing are equal,so pliz treat like this , celebrities no ego..

Salman hoy ke Eno baap ....id card to dilhana padta hai..

It's absolutely true.
Who the fuck is film artists

Bhai ye chutiya line dali ha aisa b ni h b ni h &quot;Tum jNtey ho m kon hu
Wow, that&#39;s mean rules &amp; regulations

Hi sir can I copy your video...???
Media people should be banned from airports...
I am loving it. Salute to our security personnel! 
Wow I prud Indian army jai hind
Cheap admin for uploading Salman's pic for views.
Bhai jaan se gnata chak kri id
Everyone knows how many people have gone by disliking this.
Salute to all paramilitary forces 

The best part was sara ali khan 

BANDER BHOSADI KE MEDIA WALE 

The real hero is Salman Khan, but he is the soldier of our country, who lives on the border without fear or in the weather. Salman Khan is too much an actor. It is not equal to opening the shoes of a soldier.
Good job sir
Ticket to check krna padegi na boss

What is the evil in this or not..... What is their status in front of CISF?
Good job of on deuty officers 

Good work by CISF if the passengers comes like vip or middle class family or sports or election worker any body comes the duty of CISF is same treating to everyone not like vip or middle class isn&#39;t it good humanity by CISF jai hind

Salute to the security guard from my side.
No matter what the school is, it is not above the law.
Best part was sunny leone&#39;s haha CISF guy who she is

Woh koi gali k nukkad police wale nahi h, they&#39;re CISF personnels.

I salute sir
Salute

Khan brothers ka toh checking krna haiye bcoz he go regularly places like pakistan turkey
Akshay Kumar or Modi have not even opened their hands because they are good friends.
️️️️️ CISF love you ️️️
CISF zindabad
Don&#39;t enter without id card

Click Bait 
Actors are not real heroes..They are also citizens of this country..All are subject to the same law..
Rule is same for all
Good job done by you sir

Army and security forces is real heroes of the country.

RULES are RULES  even for a fool

Oh no.......,......... 
Salman ko chake nhi kiy gya

Highly unprofessional of cisf to let Salman khan go in without checking ID. Crpf would never let this happen.

Akshay Kumar's entire hekadi was taken out by the security guards ???
Sara to sarma gaye

Salman sir took the opportunity of retreating everyone with the soldiers of Bast H Das, give respect to him, a brilliant lady.
Soloman boi ko kiyu chor diya???
 isi bahane camera me thoda dikhenge .

It's the media that makes a big deal out of it.
What a stupid video.waste of time.

I love Indian Army ⟬⟭ ⟬⟭ not love in Bollywood
Rule is rule rule for all
This is the correct way to treat eguality with everyone

You just earn wealth, soldiers earn the country.
They are doing their work prominently unlike politicians

Salman k saath toh puri security photo uthane lagi chck nhi kiya

There is no need to give importance to these stars.
Celebrity koi v ho but desh ke upar nhi ho sakta ...salute h security

Sara looks stupid. I am here..
<a href="">

100 to 200 numbers for thumbnail.
This photographers want free photoshots. Shouting everywhere

Islamic Quran
Well all of those praising Jawans ...  I wont disgrace them ... But heroing it is not worth ... Id is checked when you dont know a person ... A public figure is already well known

Police alive bad
Salman ji is a big hair... So please co- operative them

When celebrity says : Tum jante ho mai Kaun hu.Me as an officer : Lowde ho tum,wo bhi tedhe wale. Samjhe . (Waise ye sab mind me hi rahega, because no one would like to loose their  OLQ)

Indian army did absolutely right
Media walo Ap log kitne chutiya ho is jagah sab log jawan ko follow karte to tumhen is se kahin jyada like milte

Salute to these soldiers🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
The worst thing I noticed in India that the people believe that actors are the real heroes and they take as there rollmodel .Cenima actors are not real heroes they are the worst creatures in the world Soldiers, doctors,are real heroes.

Music kya lga rha h be sahi toh checking kr rhe hn sb
Salute Dil se officers ...kitne logo ki Jaan bcha Lete ho tum must have law to check.these celebrity..salute Indian army

bhai jaan to bhai jaan hai
The real heroes are those who wear khaki uniforms, they are the ones who love you my Indian Army, now I am 15 years old but I am even bigger and will save our country with full honesty.
no one does good to the poor
You did the right thing brother by asking for ID, you should do the same to these idiots *<b>***</b> Bollywood mein kya cha gaye load ka bal log Apne aapko sarkar samajhte Hain It is very right brother, you asked for ID.
Real hero

Salman ko to jante h, ye baki ladies kon thi? anjan logo se to ID mangenge hi

Tum sab   jha....... ho wooly

In celebrities, why do they give so much importance, these people are also human or not?
Besharmi ki hadh ho gayi ek porn star ko celebrity banake. Baithe hai  ... There&#39;s no surprise to know that bollywood so called &quot;celebrities&quot; porn films banake apna economic  status bana rahe hai! Gandi income gandi soch!!!! Besharam kuch media aise logon ke peeche bhaagte hain....

Common people who ever reading this stop praising or treating celebrities as God or some what special they are from us (common people) ignore them don&#39;t get insulted going around them for selfies and trying to talk to them...

There is no limit to the dance in front of our country's youth.
GOOD

Good sir
I salute the protector of my country.
How many times have you become a celebrity? The age of the people in the wardrobe has not increased.
Look brother, why don't you check your work and write to me as the Prime Minister. If you don't check, you don't do your duty.
ye desh bakti me busy h inko koi matlab nhi duplicate hero or heroine se is liye hi to aaj desh surakshit h jay hind wande matram

it is so satisfying to watch

<a href="">#Channel_Owner</a> dislike apko kyu diya hai ap samajh gaye hoge
Achcha army man ko ghussa aaya nahi hai.nhi to pit jata tu sammanya.
In nakli hero ko real heroes mile hai  proud to be a son of soldier.

Security: ID please? Bollywood’s   : I’m star Security: ghanta!

National security se Upar kuch nai So then can Ask Anyone For ID....

The guards should not have been photographed together.
It&#39;s so disappointing and disgusting that these stars don&#39;t have minimum sense that they should carry and show there I&#39;d Proof even before asked. What example are they setting

Our civil servants are real celebrities not these guys

Tollywood is grt

There are not many Bollywood actors in the army.
Abe mumbai police nahi CISF
Salman Best
Is real officer

Salman ko hero giri ghdni ATI hai
Salman khan️
Salman khan️
Duty first 

Rules should be for everyone 
Wo Budda sallu hi thana 

Gud job sir .....jab ek police inspector pm ko duty samja sakta hai tohh yeah id ke bina andr kyu jaye

Good job bhai..

Apart from the media, no one understands them. Absolutely nothing to me,
Bhai ladkiyo se toh id proof leke rahenge Shakt londe

Bollywood bhand hai sab

Ye chtiye log ka hoto band krooo

Tumhari bap paida kiye the bas in salo ka gulami karne ke liye desh me keya problem hai a kisi ko najar nhi aata jao salo paise ke iman dharm sab bech diye

So what is there to be said in this, it is important to see that every human being is the same, no matter who he is.
Fake se b fake
<a href="">3:58</a> nice great officer she thought the airport is owned by her father saifali Khan 

What she was thinking... bloody woke girl...is the airport her private property...no matter how big celebrity she is she has no right to enter the airport without showing ID it is a national threat

Salute he bhai

Fake

Sabse vahiyat saif ali khan ot uske bache ka name.

Kanoon brabr hone chahiye log inhe phsn krte hai iska mtlb ye nji kye raja hai
What sense have you kept in your mouth?
Security should be like this . Salute to these CISF jawan who are pride of the nation .

Who wears dark glasses at night?
Wow drags wali hai... Ye to

The hero in India is only... Soldiers and Kishan... Film's heroin and hero all... To... There is a problem... Other's...
I salute the soldiers... I learned it as Solman and... I learned it carefully but I didn't want to be dagged... .. Because the man of Bollywood has no faith... Chutiya what is happening.....
You are right sir ji

Your right

What did Sallu Bhai say, Sallu Bhai, you are murder, you have given me 3 hours of entertainment, that's why I have given you Sunny Deol... Akshay Kumar Sir... Sonu Sood Sir, Jindawad ️
Well done bro I like it
My job is too big for me
Wow, how crazy are the people of Vanshvaad's upaz, after receiving the people's welcome and requests, they feel as if they are very civilized and mature, but the reality is that you all know that these people are not even well educated, they are taking drugs and they are illegal. work is done differently
Cisf force 
This video is like Ekta Kapoor's serial 
Duty in duty

Superb 
Heroin and Hero say desh mararahai hai

It's duty brother, here hero giri is not a disciple.
Salute sir 
Good Job

Rules are equal for everyone. Those who work in the film are so called heroes.
Get rid of these people, they insult everyone
Sara Sara kr k chutiyapa krte ho tum log.I salute to all security personnel.

Abe saf editing hai
Salmon bhai
Half of the people are praising the security just because they hate BOLLYWOOD actors and actresses  . I salute the security guards to do their duty in  unbiased way without discrimination 🇮🇳

Rule to rule h chahe Salman ho ya fir Yogi

Love u indian force army and security

May be they forgot our Rules... Dammm.. Bohot kuch hai bolne ko.. But nahi balunga... Bhar me jaye Reel heroz

Jai Hind

Mujhe Garv h Indian Army pe

Soldiers are our real heroes

Jai hind sir

Hahahahahh, it's my turn to be a vip at the first opportunity.
garbage mine
Crypiya kar ke aaisa Bakbass video na updated kre
Jay hind 🇮🇳️
Jai hind
He is doing his job that is absolutely right. Salute sir

But wo moment nhi dikha jo thumbnail m mention tha

Rules are rules my friend 

Salute hai sir aap loge ko
Pta nhi hmari log in hero heroino ke piche bagte h agar photo krwani ho to Aapne Foji bhaiyo ke saat krwao 

Slam Soldier 
Bollywood actors marte hain toh marne do... BC simple human being ka koi matlab nahi 

Rule say rule
Sooo nice sir
All the problems are happening to us or all the problems are happening.
The one who protects the country is the real hero of India and India.
Original hero our Army , police . Celebrity in screen hero. So i proud to be indian security..

Salute our government securities. O

Good job Jai hind
look at the thumbnail again.  i think all people are came here to watch salmans misbehave

Rich or Poor. Everyone is Equal!! You could be whoever you are. But you gotta follow &amp; respect some Rules!!

Good job 

Good job officer

Brother, those who call themselves heroes and heroines and are hungry for photos, it would have been better if you had clicked a photo with those young men.
<a href="">3:58</a> Madam I am in a hurry  what a wonderful thing you have done
Jai hind
One true rule should be equal for everyone
I salute to our indian army

Fauji The real hero

Dil se salute
What&#39;s abnormal .Why u post this video.

What nonsense is the beauty of Salman Khan? What is shown on the front and what to add to the video for views?
Real hero stops virtual ones
Great job officer, the world is being checked for normal people, what is being done to those in Bollywood? Salute to the officer who knows that even his pass is being checked.
Doing their duty with honesty... Salute u all

Good job
ALL these problems are because these film stars and people in the entertainment industry are a bigtime spoilt lot and pampered. They are all unnecessarily being paid so much money for every movie. Tell me something:- why should they be paid so much???- Are they doing any service to the country? - Are they sacrificing their lives for the country? - Are they going to the border and fighting with the enemies?- Are they Gods who fell from heaven?- When SO many people are struggling daily to earn and save money for their families, why cant even these fellows be paid like ordinary employees?Solutions:- keep a maximum monthly payment plan for ALL stars, irrespective of how big they are- a law must be passed where it is clear that in case these filmstars act smart and misbehave anywhere, don&#39;t pay income taxes etc etc etc, they shall be banned from ALL assignments for two yearsBest solution for all these problems is to ban ALL film industries in India, shut down ALL theatres and make these arrogant film stars work daily and struggle like a common man.  Then i want to see if any of these nakras and dramas will continue

Thank you PM Modi, no one is above the law! Jai Shri Ram!

Cisf joy hind
Now......that is called Power...

salman akshay saif and nick ko na roka na kia kia
It is true that it is necessary for these Bollywood people to consider themselves God.
Why was these celebrity feel shock When a security inchrge asks fr their Id?  Are they carrying smthng Or Smthing SUSPECIOUS...? bcz i feel safe around our security forces man! , i walk like a happy Golden retriver in backyard garden . 

22k disliked... Woww 
Foran mein yaha actor or actors kutta bn jaata hai
Narsari hai id To dikni padgi
Bollywood boycot kro

For what Hess randiwood entertainers getting special treatment

Jay Hind Sir.

Celebrities? Your Title and your mentality totally sucks they are entertainers they are not celebrity or actors or Hero Bina Baat ke baap bana leti hai media inko

Akshay kumar is not a citizen of India

Security treat k lie cheay jo bhi ho Bollywood humare desh se ouper nahi hai

Ye loog to natanki hai.paise ke liye kuch bhi karte hai.asli hero  to Army bale hai.

I salute you sir for your work

Kya baat hei I love you 
Acting karne wala to actor hota hai hero kis bawakoof ne bana diya inlogon ko..hero ka matlab hai only armed force doctor mother father..actor ko hero kahne wale log hi khtm darge ke hote..unka inspiration tiktok aur acting se related log hote hai..ye baat unke liye hai jo real me is chiz me mature nhi hai..

Bollywood people wear police uniform for acting, got some uniform from someone and wore it for summer.
Those who did the right thing, Jai Shree Ram Jai Hind, Jai Bharat.
Cisf

<a href="">2:50</a> Bhai ka Power

Ati sundar video
Jay Jawan tha taygar

Ekta kapoor's fans looked like mala sala. I'd like to tell you this, hey dad, daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law and mother-in-law are showing drama in serial, reverse wall is going on.
Bs is a sad love. Sunny leone ko liya
Maannaa pdega. Aise security waalon koo
No matter what was done, it was necessary or always happened.
CSIF h ye army ya police nhi
The real hero is the Indian Army, all the rest are gangs.
The one who must have taken a selfie with Sunny Leone... must have posted a caption like this on social media... along with the photo... today a few moments with the famous actress of the blue films world 
My young man from the heart 
Salute 🇮🇳
Rule is rule🇮🇳

Great job
Akshay Kumar dering
Shahrukh is someheo better than all those

What is written on the screen? What is there?
Tum koi bhi bane raho army sabka baap he

Brave officer, Solomon thinks of himself as great but everyone knows his size.
The camera man or the reporter should know who is the real hero or who is the reel hero because there is no point in taking pictures with a gimmick or taking pictures or disturbing the security personnel
ye jo log pitche se bhai bhai or sara sara bole rahe isse accha hai ki bapp bapp bolo agar itna ijjat desh ke jawano ko dia hota to bahut hi garw hota ,,,,, is desh ke ya kisi bhi desh ke celebrity or hero us desh ke jawan or kisan hote hai ....

Are you interested in watching the attitude of actors or their followers?
In logo ke piche pubilc aur media pagal hai

1.20

Ye Jo log abhi army and police ke liye respect jata rahe h vo logo ko Kya hota h jab ek celebrity aata h aur sab uske saath photo kichwane ke liye bhed bakri ban jat te h aur police walo ko thappad diya jata <a href="">h.so</a> comment box is full of fake appreciation of army .but I really salute army and medical staff very much.

Filmy hero only in films, the real hero is young but no one has taken a selfie with him
That's why there is so much suspense in this video. When asked to show the ID, show it and what else.
Good step by army

Brother's talk is different ️
Friends, give up the filth of Bollywood. All Bollywood people are dirty people.
Who are you?
Wha sir sulite

Lots of love and salute to these security forces ️🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Did the right thing.With the drama troupe. The ID is not visible at all.
Wow 100 tope ki salaami is only for the personnel...what is the attitude boss
Hm indian army ko jantye h. Smje. Vo real hero

Ye video hai kya. Nothing is fancy here sabka same procedure hota hai

Salman kya hai ja**doon hai hai laga hai
Sabhi ko Puchte Hain ideas airport ka security guards or Salman Khan se photo khinch Aate Hain

Jogi appeared on the screen of the video, saying that there is nothing like that about Salman Khan in the video.
For the first time someone.asha.kaam kar rehi.hai.indian police
Duty on its best.. Tv p jo mrzi ho desh k lie just nrml citizen

Bc ye background music itna suspense wala Dena jaroori hai kya

salman is alone sir
Accha app sab ko pata hai jab salman sir ka hbd hota hai us din mera bhi hbd hota hai on 27 December and I am a kid 12 year old girl

What's the big deal in this when we see the ID?
This is the soldier of our country India 🇮🇳 salute sit

Why are you taking photographs of people? Take them to Sunny Deol, Sunil Shetty, who is the real hero.
Big or small.. God created same to everyone.... Salute to jawans, jai hind

 real Hero
Baki sab thik hai, ab thumbnail wala video dikhao be.

Nice

Right sir I salute you rules and regulation are for all people

Kareena kapoor Khan with taimur lang.

I would never give importance to these film actors.
This should be the difference, some run behind them to ask for autograph, some place an order and ask for ID-card.
Our soldiers are real life heroes

Salman Khan's documents have not been checked yet in logo NE Salman Bhai is brand, Mega superstar Salman Khan
Rules sabkeliye ek he h ️sprb

Our army and our police hero are real
Asli hero hmara army has
This Hero is asking for Army Bala ID, what kind of hero do you consider yourself to be?
Everyone's ID is being checked but Selfie with Salman Khan is different.
Celebrity dikha denge..but yehi bat politicians ko do to manunga

Wo Indian army wale hai ....unhe ye bollywood k bhado se kuchh lena dena nahi bollywood k jitne bhand unke jute ki dhool hai. .. Indian army is best man ...jay Hind 🇮🇳🇮🇳...I am very proud of my Indian army..love you... ️

Bhai salman khan ka to alag hi jalwa hai
Real hero

Wt the hell they think.. They should be the rules..

Great salute to CISF Mumbai Jai HindJai Maharashtra
Aap sab ki duty ko salute boss

Salute our jawans they do his duty without partiality

Salute hai in security person ko

Kon hai ye log ? Kaha se ate hai?Hamto sirf border me ladke hame surkhsha dene wale superheros ke bare me suna tha

(thumbnail)* bhai ka photo +14 million views 

Very good..... Celebs, Actors, actress or Renowned persons whoever he/she maybe... Norms should be equally followed and intimated..

very good
No buddy is higher then law.And this brave hearts, has stone line this statement.So proud on Indian Army Jai Hind Jai Jawan Jai Kisan 

Jai hind sir

absolutely correct
Have you ever clicked a soldier's photo? Brother, Sara mam, I salute you who is a real hero, all these are fake.
Good josh
Where is this sandh that has been thrown to all these links?
I think media should be banned in airports ..because it creates many problems for security forces and the normal public also...I don&#39;t know y we wanna take a selfie with these Reel stars..maybe just for showoff .

Sab Bollywood Wale Muft Ki Todkar Khatte Hain Sirf Public Mein Kuch Ghatiya Logon K Kaaran Jo Bollywood Bycott Karne Ki Jagah Inki Films Dekhte Hain

Gud job jai hind
After getting fame they think sab kuch vunka baap ka ha

It should be good like this too
Salute hai apko

Madharchod bollywood

It's true that you are a celebrity, what is the essence of it?
Anyway salman is salman
Salman is such a hero that he became the first army hero in the world.
What can I say to these media people? I am ready to lick their soles.
Great officers

It's crazy.
These celeb are one among the ppl so don&#39;t crown them.

The Salmon boy took a picture with everyone and I'd give it to him
I don&#39;t know why people give so much attention to these bollywood stars

Very true salute to the Indian Army.
Good job 
Gaand main dum hai to politicians se bhi aise he proof manga karo

Tiger tho tiger 

Bollywood wale jhat nahi sakte army wale ka Toaaaa not a big deal
No one is more powerful than a government officer at some point of time.

Where they haven&#39;t given entry.  Your video is fake.

Head line problems

You have done good, you have fulfilled your duty, I salute you ️️️
Thumbnail kch aur ..Video kch aur
Bhav v nhi de rhi tum logo ko... Shara shar kr rhe ho... Bhai tum v chuch ho ho..
Druggiest se id manga hai dislike karne wale in logo ki gand chate hai...

Thumbnail esa looks like i'm gone yarr
This is also a surprising thing in India.
Gaddar Saif denying showing ID

So what nothing all r equal chal lyt le

Good job indian army

In <a href="">3:30</a> i cant understand that who wears sunglasses in night

I don&#39;t know anyone except Salman khan same airport police also

How much effort must have gone into thumbnail photo editing?
There will be no druggish ganja after drinking it.
Ghatiya...
Mere hero Serf Meri Indian army 
Deepika Padukone's spoon was behaving as if she was an IAS officer.
Uree solmon bhai ke sath to pic click krne lge

Jai Hind...🇮🇳
salute 
This media is roaming like dogs, do some more work, people.
