Tikka 
Hii

Anyone in 2024?

anyone in 2024?

Who saw its promotion of boat

3 Song hai usme se sabse best song yehi song hai 
Who has come in 2024?
Only honny shing ka fan like karo..️

Brother, which Chapri bus stand song has you heard?
Urvasi will take it easy in her own wishful ways.....

Kiara is like younger version of kendra seriously 

Today anyone listening 

Shahid kapoor was outstanding actor + dancer 

they are kundi singhh
Shahid moves ️‍ oh my God 
Who will remain in 2024?
2024

Sweettyy
Badshah ka nya gaana me house music, log soch rahe hai he is the first, but his daddy always first 

T-Series just wanted to test the on screen chemistry of Shahid -kiara before Kabir singh 

Urvashi.
I am urvashi too good song 
Stanyy
Which MC stan's song has come?
Great the real gem&#39;s are here..... You are beyond my imagination... Love you.... Actually the real meaning of music you can find here....not just Bollywood fucking music... You are above all.Love you you are above all... Love you l

Kiara 
me me
Best than ar rhman

Lil golu ke lyrics so crazy

New Mamber

Honey Singh punisher hai bro

Can you tell me movie nem
Hey cunts, since when did Akbar become great?
at 4.04 Priti is pregnant, let's run away from here.
anyone 2024 
In this song there was too much force, Allah made Bollywood people angry.
Who can relate to that life in your baton
Like hanny pajii like you yoyo back
Who are you seeing in 2024?
Bache ka khayal rakhne ke bajyae kabir aur preeti club Mein party karne chale gaye

Uruvashi uruvashi Prabhu Deva 
Boat
Tahir Bhai Shikilgar Taiwan
When has MC Stan's Urvashi come here to clean the sun?
Honey Singh come back,we are waiting for your new song

Shahid ne is a wonderful song  kr diya,and yo yo always rocking 
Who wants to come to Ayodhya once after building Ram temple? Like it and who wants to come with the family. Comment and say from the heart Jai Shree Ram 
Who is watching in 2024 

Mpm Kabir my name is ganesh

The song is good and the beat on the song is good..
Hunnny Singh is Bach with gaa*d Faad Song

Mover nam ki

Only yo yo honey Singh

Koi he jo 2024 me sun raha he ?

Kiara Advani 
Who are you listening to in the name of Honey Singh?
<a href="">0:38</a>

Brother, let me tell you one thing, honey Paji should be found, tell me one thing to Paji, Paji will make the world crazy again, may this badshah king pin be turned aside.
Haq se pyar mcstan 
What do you say to Ikka MC?
Paaji part 2 ???
Which movie ?

Anyone in 2024?

Colab by boat speaker 

Yo Yo Honey Singh always king 
Shahid Kapoor can pull off a badass character very agreeably

Irshad Chad Saab Ke Jaise Dancing  Ek Step Zatake Khake lights  zenet ke jaise from  Shahid  kapur

After seeing thumbnail I thought this is Colgate maxfresh advertisement 

Movie name ?
Shahid&#39;s dance is very underrated in Bollywood 

Ma bullet song
Who is listening to this song in 2024!!
Maureen wadia public Nita Ambani public school in my town

Who is listening this on 2024

2024. Who is banned in me?
2024 Attendance here Audiance

Who is listening to this song in 2024 # yo yo honey Singh 
Sali Kabir Singh me kitni sidhi thi ye

Jashne Daund
Movie name ki
Mashallah 
 So Outstanding Song Lyrics..  Wednesday 17 JANUARY 2024 ️
Kon kon Shahid Kapoor ko pasand karte hai

Urbasi
After Yo yo bipolar disorder comeback this is the only best old vibe best song released.

Attention plz 2024 here

Tell me one thing, how rich is this thief, he has come to steal my mother's son from the helicopter.
This is just amazing

N71 samsund Nokia&#39;s motorola ke deler taher bhai Shikilgar
Who is listening to this song in 2024?
Are Kabir Priti 

Can anyone tell at the age of Honey Paji? Ayeeeee Honey bhai..............
Taher Bhai  janab imam Bhai  Shikilgar  Kedgaon  Wale  R A  Electronics  Hourse

Irshad wahid

Who is after ikka x mc stan

Who are waiting for part 2

Who is "Laal peeli akhiyan"? song sunkar aaya hai.
This remix make sense but ikka&amp;stan wala was tati

From views or likes it is known who is popular in Urvashi, there is no point of discussion 
What a beat 
Which urvashi song did you like mcstan-ikka ka Yo yo honey Singh ka 
Yo yo honey singh  song are best

Ohm namah shivay
Who think this song is best then mc stan song Urvashi ?????

Shahid dance is soo cool

Mai

From ishq vishk ,jab we met .....kabir Singh, Farzi Shahid kapoor nailed everything

Who rembered pharmacy advertisement 

I want to give advice to everyone to come here and sing to your mother.
2024 any legend ?

2024 wale attendence lagai

Anyone in 2023

Who should like this song in 2024?
Otha mirru marri irruku
Who is listening to this in 2024

2024 fans, attendence here 

Happy new year 2024

Afterlife of Kabir Singh

Yo Yo Bole to
Move name place

Who is going to die in 2024?
This is basically the ending of Kabir singh movie.

Kabir singh first draft 
Urvashi should be replaced by Kiara
By mistake I clicked on Urvasi song of MC station and it was so strange that I told you that I listened to the honey song and got angry.
Anyone in 2024

Ye kesi movi ka song hai ya bas song e hai
Background music next level

Background music next level

Ku ku 2024 sun rah hai...
Kabir singh after ending enjoy life 

shivani nice song  
shivani nice song
Naver beet
Sahid Kapoor ignore Kiara advani 
Satyanash of Kardiya Achhe Khaase Song!
Played it at 2 A.M. on loud speaker full vol My neighbours liked it so much that they threw stones at my window to hear it clearly ....

Binod

Who is coming after listening to the children's song 
Listening in 2023 end

Chindi song 
Originally created by AR REHMAN but honey singh killed it

Woow yo yo is best bhai

Sab kuch tikh he par jodha and aakbar is not great 

Yoo Yoo honey sing fan base here 

Kiara advani is soo pretty 

Sonam kasyap

Tamanna alok ki
ITC brand

kabir singh ending be like 

Stanyy ka urvashi masallah <i>____</i>
Abhi only paaji

Chapri stan aur lukha ka baap yo yo paaji 
What ever happened shahid &#39;s smile is never go old

DJ Thermometer in the house.. 

I came here for <b>Honey paaji</b> 

And a bit of BOAT promotion

Nice song 
So super hit song
There is no dancer like Shahid
Stan zhatu hai
Taher Arshad ka chacha RA Electronics Kedgaon
By mistake, Urvashi took Tikka from the bus stop, did he lose his mind? He came here to freshen his mood.
Yo Yo shingh

Chrdy mra pecha churel erum naz mlk
Yo yo honey singh
Rutba show
Shahid killing moves
The actor who has wonderful dance moves to excite the audience every time...

Rafiq child  idhad rafiq chand vahid Shikilgar

I have also come Sankar, my friend.
L love you too nice to see your family members tu Ashils songs for the day and you are dead with pyar ka songs live songs live news songs live songs live news songs livedes

Tahir Bhai Shikilgar R A Mobile

Didn't know before that he was Kiara
Zubaida song yoyo  15  11. 2023 can like

Still Vibe
Like Mc Stan ka song sun kr kon kon aaya hai yaha pe mood thik krne karo
sᴛɪʟʟ ғᴀᴠᴏᴜʀɪᴛᴇ 
Yo yo honey singh no.1 

Honey paji love you 
<a href="">1:25</a> 
It's been 5 years and the song still has the same vibe as it did 5 years ago.
I listen 3 song for urvashi but this is so brilliant  I love you yo yo 

Irshad single friend
chd dy mra pecha churel iqra aziz
Ham

<a href="">2:18</a> best part of the song. Good improvisation

<a href="">2:58</a> GOAT Shahid&#39;s Moves <a href="">2:58</a>
Taher Bhai  Imam  Bhai  Shikilgar

Wow wonderful song 

Who came to know who tanned? H chi chi Sara mund bad karadiya Ab Shi kte h
No one can beat yo yo honey sing 
Which 2 chaprio songs have you heard?
Honey singh be like:-jalwa hai hamara

Honey singh is back with urvasi

The song is very nice but also mysterious well done

I thought UK ki Rani urvashi banegi

Kon kon ikka feat mc stan wala sunke aya
Why Sahid stole his 10year younger wife car ???

Preeti in parallel universe 
May  
Yo yo is king

This song came 5 years ago when honey bhai is sick and few people are enjoying the comeback, now it is time to make a comeback, this one has a fresher feel than the new version and people say that they don't know what to say.
Who mc stan or still n.a. song Sunn kar aaya hai
A R Rahman 
Honey Singh 

Yo yo&#39;s jabra fannnnnnn
Very High level Music Production 

No new albums are being made yet these new albums are being made yo-yo which is hindering the reach of the old albums and they are waiting for me.
This song is a blockbuster forever.

2023 me bhi one of the best song

The legend  Yo Yo Honey Singh 
Honey singh is best rapper in the all indian rapperss

Mcstan's father
BAAP baap hota hai
The real Urvashi. yo yo

Who is listening to the song of tikka or bus stand? .. .
All time best singer rapper producer one an only honey Singh 

Who YoYo Honey Singh Paaji Legend Who is missing in 2023 
Bluetooth king Yo Yo Honey Singh 
Stan army hi 
Yo 
.l
Tomorrow is my chemistry exam and I am still here 

A.R.Rahman Bala also listen 
Brother, have you stolen my line?
<a href="">2:21</a> kya jhatu song hai ???stan ka best h
Raja
I still don't know what to make  this song 
dance a little faster according to the song
Amazing song 
Me bhi

Yo Yo is best ️
Mcstan
Ey to galat h yo yo 

I heard this song when it was released.

Only Stan

Wow what sugarcane is it 
Stan Or Ikka Ne Maa Bahen Ek Kardi 
Movie name ???
I like it this types .... Song
My mood got better after listening to Ikka's song when I heard this song.
Kiara is the hottest actress in the Bollywood

Yo yo honey Singh 
Far Better Than Ikka And MC StanS Urvashi...No Compation Yo Yo Paji 
Acha gana tha yaar chakka and busstand ne gand mar Diya 
Honey Singh never left so he Don&#39;t need a comeback.

𝙰𝚗𝚢𝚘𝚗𝚎.. 2023 𝙽𝚘𝚟𝚎𝚖𝚋𝚎𝚛 
This is the beauty of honey bird
I came here to clean my ears and mind after listening tikka &amp; chustan urvashi This is masterpiece ️

Original original hota he
bhai shi baat h yr.   sbe kya bol rha h pta ni. bus vibe h yr. abe bolll kya rha h bus vibe h yr. tikka or bus stand  ne shi  m yr hddd krdi yr abhi bhi agar unhe sunte rahoge to bus double izzat ki besty hogi guys

churel erm nz mlk
Who is listening to the song of which place? Have you heard this song?
Much better than new version

Masterpiece

Honey Singh is much better than mc Stan and ikka

Brother, is he still there?
Again trending urvashi ️
Came here to calm my ears after listening to that crap from ikka and chapri stan

Chapri logore has spoiled the name of this song.
Love you  Yo Yo 
Anyone here after new cringe  type
It is better than the original 
Who came and attended after watching the version of Mc Stan.....fattt fattt ???
Asli urvashi 
Vibe to hai

Tikka aur bus stand song has spoiled the mood of the sun, till now this song has improved the mood of the sun.
yoyo honey Singh 

<b>This song never gets old. No matter how much I listen to it, I never get bored.</b>

Last song of honey 1.0

Forehead 
Stan is the best

Movie name
Urvashi yo yo version is daam But Urvashi mc stan &amp; ikka new version is comparing to yo yo old version  Yo yo fan like here 
Who is listening to the new song?
Chhapari hag diya घाया भागा लुक्खा और सास्तन ने है गाय ।
Both songs are very different in a positive way

Listening after 5y but still sounds fresh

Masterpiece 
I have just heard Chapri's song.
Who came here after listening new urvashi song of ikka &amp; mc stan 

Boa marketing
New gane ko sun ko mood thik krne yaha chala Aya

Who has heard the song of Tikka and Bus Stand?
Bring this song back into trend and increase like views.
top
real urvashi yoyo one

Mc  This is a Real Urvashi 

Honey Singh on his prime

I thought the song from the bus stand has come from the sun.
Thousand times better than tikka MC tan

Ye achha laga naa 
Yo yo honey Singh 
Better Than Ikka &amp; stanHoney paaji ️&gt;&gt;&gt; anyone 
Masterpiece ️
Only Yo Yo honey singh 

Better than chapri song.... 

This song is very good  Better than  mc sta n

Tikka or Lc gend ka goo ke sun ke aaye hai hai to clean your ears 
Rimex king always yo yo paji
Guy's who has come here after seeing the place's hut and he has come here 
How many fans come after mc stan boring song

epic h ye

Usme majaa nhi aya to yha aagye ??? khendii YoYo Honey Singggggghh
Here after listening mc&#39;s urvashi lite version 
Where are you going to go...then you can fix it by singing tikka or bus stand. Only honey sing is real
This is called remake+remix warna kuch chapri to lage pade hai rap k nam pe dhabba lagane

Coming here for refreshing my ears from stan and ikka&#39;s song

I came here after listening to mc stan and Ikka and found this one better

Real 
Brother, look at this song, what song do I call my father?
We love u bhai 
Ye Hai Real &quot;URVASHI&quot;
The new one is better than listening, listen to it once again.
Much better than ikka and mc new song

Yoyo 
Those who came after hearing ikka mc stan urvashiLike here

Bhai m tikka or bus stand ka gana sunn k a rha hoo 

ikka or mc stan ka song sunn k is song k liye respect or bhi jida jo gyi h
love yo yo
Don&#39;t compare this legend with the new one 

me me
Ye wala song achha laga meko to ikka or mc stan ne to hug diya us ।
The garbage of the station and the house has been washed and I have rubbed my eyes a little.
Only yo yo honey singh 

The place where the mother of the mind is the sister came only from Urvashi.
Only Yo Yo 

Urvashi gaana tto hihi rahega 
Tukai mc stan gantaree khaiyaa diloo Love you  yo yo 
Only yo yo honey Singh 

No one beat our Bluetooth king 
Mcstan Urvashi Sun's mood is bad, that's why you need masala for yourself ️
Still number 1 
There&#39;s no one like Yo Yo Honey Singh

This one is real 

Who has heard Chapri's version and who has come to clear it 
Yo Yo Honey Singh yaaaaaaaaaa ️️️️️️
Nobody Can Beat Old Yo Yo Honey Sing 
Who is after stan chapri urvashi

Boss first time I felt like he was here 
mc stan ikka ka song suna yaha ahgaya kaan saaf karne misunderstanding yoyo  Always gem
This is next level… Inkka Stan …pura Khatam kar Diya song ko

Who still stands
Yo yo honey Singh legend

Who has come to see the Urvashi of this place?
Who waching after mc stan song urvashi 

<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/-fgfY9DIGYjbhgHLzoDIDw"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/-fgfY9DIGYjbhgHLzoDIDw"></a>
Faida toh T-Series walo ka he hai 

After listening chapri&#39;s version?
Yo honey Singh best ️️️️
yo yo honey Singh is legend

Naya wala sunke a wala sunne eighto ka like button here
Men tou bss Shahid ka dance dekh ny Aya tha 

No One Can Beat Yo Yo Honey Singh 
Love this song

King yoyohoneysingh paji

Better than ikka ft stan ...

Mei new wala dekh kya hu new remix ka m***i
The boy came here after taking the garbage from the kitchen.
This is great
2023. -24 ️️️️ again
Who come here after listening Ikka &amp; MC Stans URVASHI

This is better than Ikka
4ttr
Master pis 
From 10 Years Old To 19 Years Old But Vibes Still Goosebump 

Came here after listening new version 
Who came after new version

Better then ikka &amp; mc stan No one can&#39;t beat yo yo honey Singh

From here to Kabir Singh 

2023

Yo yo honey Singh 
Me me 
I opened YouTube and i saw Mc Stan Urvashi after watching my mood was like .  Then after listen this yo yo version ️

 boom bastik 
After listening urvashi by ikka and stan I had to come here to clean up my ears....

yo yo honey singh
Yo yo honey Singh 
Came here to clean my ears after listening to ikka and Stan urvashi version

Who is listening to Ikka or MC stan's song?
Anyone 2023 ?

Again Listening after ikka mc stan release their urvasi song 

Who has heard of Mcstan and Ikka wala?
Who came here after listening to stan and ikka report here

After ikka and mc ....urvashi

Who needs to be refreshed to listen to the newspaper?
After listening to Ikka and mc stan’s song “Urvashi”, came here to refresh my mood

2023 
Love u honey paaji 
I accidentally listened to MC Stan's urvashi when did I come to freshen up
No one can beat yo yo honey singh

There is no fun in Chapri, that is why I am here.
Only yo yo honey Singh King 
Who come here after ikka stan urvashi

Stan and Ikka, what's your name? 
What a Classic Song Mannn  YO YO HONEY SINGH ALWAYS ON TOP

This song pafect remix 

Urvashi of Ikka
Mc stan version sun lia tha kan saaf krny hidher agaya
Paaji on top always

Mc chapri and ikka 
Who&#39;s here after listening that kachra chapri urvashi version

Ikka mc stan listening to this masterpiece 

Best version..️‍
Next level song 
Who is here after new song ?

Here again after watching ikka &amp; stanny version 

Listen honey singh after listening MC Stun version

 honey Singh is the best ️️️️
Let's see who has watched the Stan Bhai version.
Kabir and pretty At Night out

Every people know very well mc ikka killed the new urvashi song

Urvashi Rautela is lucky Make 3 songs on his name ️️ agree???
Who came here after listening ikka and mc Collab to make your mood fresh

Mc ko sunke kaan sad gye idher thik karne aiyla hai

Who is the new sun?
Where did you find the place to sleep... That's why I came here to give solace to you... Dope feeling 
I love you kiyara

MC Stan x ikka ka urvashi virus aur virus ko khatam karne ke liye sune yo yo honey Singh ka urvashi Take it easy 

500M
Na koi ikka urvashi only on yoyopaji 
Tera baap saab karke chuka chuka hain...Yo Yo Honey Singh Is legend
Vibe to yehaaa hain

Vibe to yha hai

Better then mc stun song

Who are here after MC STAN &amp; IKKA Song 

This urvashi mc stan looks so good
Who came here after listing to Urvashi from mc stan and ikka 

The new urvashi song like this - The yo yo honey singh urvashi song like this - 
Spam yo honey Singh 

Yoyo Paji's track is 100 times better than Ikka or Stan's Urvashi song.
Vibe leni ayi hu

Who came here listening to the track of Ikka bhai or mc stan?
Very bas

Which song will be played in 2023?
Came here after listening ikka, mc stan
Asli balta remix 
Asli urvashi remixYO YO HONEY SINGH
Asli gaana
Who has heard <b>MC ST∆N</b>'s Urvashi?
Yo Yo paaji
Yoyo Honey Singh ️
Who come here after listening Ikka and MC Stan &quot; Urvashi &quot; Jaldi se like karo

Who came here after listening ikka stan Remix urvashii 
Mood fresh meat no song 
YO YO HONEY SINGHHHHHHH

Mood fresh karne hu..
The song of the jungle is the song 
Super duper
This is call rimix

who is here after MC stan and ikka

I me 
OG for a reason.

Blockbuster
Car load 
Yo yo honey singh paji is back 
Which place do I listen to and like here? I'm the biggest fan of music industry's father
2m like

This is real Mc stan and ikka ne hug diya h pura

No one can beat Yo Yo Honey Singh

2023 main koun koun ye ganna sunrah hai
honey pajji killed it

No one can beat this masterpiece chpari mc&gt;&gt;&gt;

Who came here after listening Stan x ikka urvashi
Mc stan and ikka Bhai new song urvashi

Kon2 ikka or mc stan ka sune ke baat yaha aya hai Apna paji jaisa kaise banaye ️️
Yo Yo Honey Singh 

IKKA's chu*yapa...watch it and see YOYO BHAI yaad aaye..............
Here After ikka x stan Vali Urvashi 
Those who are here after ikka and mc stans &quot;urvashi song&quot; &gt;&gt;&gt;

Came here to do Shuddhikaran of my ears after listening Ikka and MC Stan&#39;s version.

Ikka and mc stan fucked the song urvashi unki pahuch se bahar h so they fucked maushi

Why did I come here to clean it?
urvasi nahi gawar urvashi
Mis Ye Wala Yo Yo Yaar Director Gifty, Vinod Verma, Yo Yo Music, Lyrics Ab Pata Nahi Yo Yo Ko Kya Ho Gaya Hai Na Music Na Lyrics 
This urvashi sonv by yo yo Honey singh is very much better than Urvashi by ikka and stan(chapri)

Who is here after MC stan and IKKA..  Urvashi Song 

Who kon ikka or mc stand Urvashi song sunkar aaya hai like Karen
Mc stan urvashi not good 

Honey paji blootooth king
kon kon 2023 we mouth money shark
Urvashi song King yo yo honey Singh
Yo yo honey Singh
better than 2023 urvashi

𝗠𝗮𝘀𝘁𝗲𝗿𝗽𝗶𝗲𝗰𝗲 ️
Which MC Stan wala Urvashi has come here? YO YO HONEY SINGH 
Yo yo honey singh bole to music  jadugar

Free ka prmoshn 

Who came here after listening Ikka&#39;s Urvashi

Much better than ikka mc version

Far better than mc chapri

1000x better than ikka n mc stan&#39;s.  Version

Only yo yo honey Singh 

its still better than ikka and stan&#39;s urvashi

Urvashi honey shahid kapoorUrvashi mc Stan ikkaWhich one your fvt

Who is to refresh the mood because of Mc Stan And Ikka

Mc  only yo yo honey Singh  best 2023

Better than ikka and stan&#39;s version for sure

Come here after listening mc stan  and ikka urvashi song
Urvashi ikka &amp; he is better than mc stan yo yo honey singh 
Isko bolte hai song Mcstan ne kya kachra song bana diya
Part 2 when will you come?
This song is better then latest urvasi song of ikka and stan songs

This song is literally lit.

Who is here after listening mc stan and ikka s new song urvasi but likes yo yo version more hit like

Came here after STAN Urvashi song.

Ikka ka mc stan ho ho ho, can anyone speak in front of honey singh???️
After new version

Only Yo yo can remix 
Bhosdi's first lyrics to Dekh Lo Kisne likhi hai
 prohibited ikka x stan urvasiyo yo honey singh urvashi
Yo yo honey singh 
Who come here after after ikka,s urvashi
Who is here after mc stane and ikka urvashi sing

ye awaaz chahiye yr
I&#39;m here when I&#39;m listening to ikka and mc stan disaster urvashi  then I&#39;m listen yo yo honey singh paaji urvashi i take a feeling best love you honey paaji 

Ikka aur mc stan ka uravshi is heard now use me to forget it, I came here to get the original vibe 
Naya hi banana tha to yo yo paaji se karwa lete
Iska remix bhi de dete to chalta kachra sunane ko kisne kaha tha

Music of honey singh 

Ikka and stan boring urvashi song

Mc stan fan be careful 

Yo yo honey Singh
No one can beat Yo Yo Honey Singh 

When you try to find urvashi rautela in this song 

Which city's Urvashi has come?
Who Who ikka &amp; mc stand ke urvasi song sunke honey singh ke song urvasi sune aaya hay 
Anyone after IKKA ft Madharcho Stan - Version..??
I am from my stan, Urvashi Sunke has come, still my brother's verses are still there, I am from mc stan. Let's find some honey bird to give solace to my ears.
Masterpiece these songs kha mc stan ne gana ka mujra bna diya
Im here to heal my ears after listening to mc stan&#39;s urvashi This one is 

paajis version &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Who is here after ikka and mc stan’s urvashi song

After watched MC stan. yo yo Paji is great No one can beat him...yo yo honey Singh..
I am coming to fix my problem.
Forehead️️️
You mc stan watch and stil fill yo yo honey Singh best than you watch

Yo Yo Honey Singh version &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Ikka &amp; MC stan

Honey singh urvashi&gt;&gt;&gt; stan ikkas urvashi
YOYO PHAJI BANG BANG BANGER
Ikka aur mc stan ka song sunke kaan kharbho gye socha saaf kr leta ho Honey legendary still 
I am here after listening mc stan and ikka&#39;s urvashi song 

Brother, who is coming here to save himself from the disease?
Yoyo honey Singh

This good song yo yo honey singh 
<b>Legend Watching After Another Urvashi song</b> 

Music beats r hit or hn lyrics music honeysingh ka hi h khi yha b bhoko lil golu h

This song is also trending main la do Bhai log yo yo army ka tatak bata denge sb ko
After listening Mc Stan urvashi 
Only yo yo honey singh 

Kon Kon 2023 mai Like karo
Music voice lyrics everything top notch️
Which version is best..?1. Yo Yo Honey Singh 2. Ikka, Mc Stan

Who is still there, Urvashi of MC stan has come here after getting bored. Yo Yo toh yo yo hai
Who is coming here after watching ikka and mc stan urvashi song to refresh thier mind... YO YO HONEY SINGH 

Chapri se 100 better
Bluetooth King 
Who all have listened to the urvashi version? Listen to honey paaji, please like
Nice song 
Yo Yo Honey Singh ️
This is the real Urvashi, you can still see it. Mcstan jh hai real
No can&#39;t beat honey paji music singing️
Or log iss urvashi ko aaj ke urvashi se compare kar rahe h 

That&#39;s why he is ahead of his time.

Urbashi ikka ne bny wo to ekdm khrb no anyone can beat honey Singh

Who has come to get well after seeing the disease?
Ye mast hai song
Bestest song
Sahi me honeysingh is the best in the remix also 
Futuristic song ye h aj b fresh lgra h sunne me
This song should come back in trend
Hag diya un logo ne misunderstanding this song honeypaaji u nailed it inki voice kini sahi lgri h
Masterpiece song ye h
Best song urvashi
Ikka n mc stan se beeter to second urvashi hai

Yo  Yo Honey Singh 

This is best urvashi song ️then mc stan and ikka version <a href="">2:37</a>

mc station is not even 1 percent
Mc stan 
Who all came from my place?
Omg YoYo honey Singh Remix king 
Who has come to freshen the mind by listening to the song of Ikka Aur Chhakka?
This is called honey singh
Only this urvashi broo iykyk

Who is still in our mc stan ka urvashi sun ke ye yoyo paji ka urvashi sun ne aaya he
Mc Stan 
Who is here after Ikka x Mc stan’s Urvashi 

Music Vai  Ear Fresher 
By mistake I and MC's urvashi was drunk and now I have come here to give you comfort.
Who likes the song 'Mc stan wala urvashi' 
Kaun Kaun Ikka Aur Mc Chapri Ka Version Sunke Aaya Hai घोटा भी है भी है भी है भी है भी है भी है भी भी है भी है भी भी है भी है भी है भी है ।
Who&#39;s here after listening Urvashi Chhapri Version.? 

Just now I am still in MC stan's song, the sun is shining, my mood is fresh, I am coming.
anyone in 2023 ? 

Every artist has fans but honey Singh has a whole generation 

 Me Me 
Honey Singh the Great

No one can beat honey singhh

yoyo honey Singhhh️
I&#39;m just here to clean my ears by listening. Yo Yo pahji Version... ️

It&#39;s faaar better than &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ikka &amp; stan&#39;s new version 
Here after Urvashi by IKKA and STAN

Ikka's urine was collected by mistake, now I have come here to clean it!!
Yo Yo Honey Singh Paaji Always Futuristic Songs Create All Time Fresh Vibe
Urvashi by yo yo honey singh always op NO one can beat

Who all heard the version here and now?
Boy, what else has he done in the station...that honey lion is cleaning 
Who is there and who is here and who is here 
Ikka part was good but that molla mc Stan ruin the song

Who is here after MC Stan&#39;s bhosda song 

Who is here after ikka and mc stan&#39;s urvashi song.

Stan ka song sun kaan hoga killAab yo yo ke song sae hoga heal
Yo Yo Honey Singhhha is legend ️
Only honey did the justice

Brother, his music is so awesome, it has a DM club vibe and the whole song has been sung by Yoyo Honey Singh. Best from a chaprio 
Who all listen to MC or Ikka's song, where do they come and what they like
Who all listen to MC or Ikka's song, where do they come and what they like
Greatest remix of all time

Advertisement for this song...
Who came her to listen honeysingh song to clean ears after listening to  song of mc stan (urvashi remix) 

I'm cringe sunkar yaha wapas aya hoon
Kon kon naya song dekh kar aya 
Who has come here to change the mood?
Vep to hai  

Who is there and who is the urrwasi song of mc stan kr here come.. Like plz
Kaun kaun mc stan wala version, honey singh ।
 Yoyo Honey Singh 
YoYo honey Singh  Hype 
Way Better than some chapri&#39;s 

Kabir and Priti 

Mc stan ka urvashi suna.. beker hai yaro... asli hip hop song to yah hai friends like thoko for honey paji
This urvashi is far better than (urvashi by ikka and mc stan )

Abb jakar acha laga wooh gana sun toh bhencho asa laga gala mein bhass faattt gaya hooo
Who is here after ikka and mc stan &#39;s version...

MC stan ka Urvasi song sunkar yahaan mind fresh karne hu 
Yo yo honey Singh 
kiara u beauty once a century wali bandi

Bss stan or Ikka's song, I got scared when I heard it. so that it becomes true
I drank election liquor and listened to Ekka Mc Stan song, I am having a headache.
YOYO honey Singhaaaaaa paji always top 
Who has come to see the rain of Chapri station?
Who knows the song of Tikka and bus stand?
5 years ago made the best version than so called newer version yo yo honey singh

New Bala Nehi hai yo yo paji Urvashi is the best Song 
THIS URVASHI &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; IKKA AND MC STAN URVASHI

After listening ikka and mc stan song YOYO honey Singh 

Who is after ikka and stan Urvashi 

Best always 
IAM here after listening MC Stan and ikkas urvashi song to clean my ears 

Who has come here to see the rain of which place?
I am still listening to Urvasi today.
Who is here after hearing mc stan and ikka bhai urvashi

MC CPARI OR IKKA KA SONG SUNKE KON AYA HAI YE SUNNE YAHA  LIKE HERE
Who came after listening urvasi by Stan just to retrospect

Who kon mc stan and ikka ka urvashi song sun ke aaya hai yoyo paji ka song sun ne aaya hai feer se sun ne 
Mc stan aur ikka ka aaya hai bhaiBut I love Yo Yo Honey Singh 
Funny 3.0 Ling fans crying in the comment section 

I drank urine from the stool by mistake  Now can someone please give me medicine to clean it 
Its A Male Version Of Urvashi
Who has come here after listening to chapri&#39;s song 

Ultra Legends are listening this song after mc stan and ikka urvashi songAttendence jarur de

Who is here after &#39;urvashi&#39; ft. Mc stan and ikka 

Gb 
Legend is listen this song after mc Stan urvashi song Please attendance here

Who is here after watching urvashi ft.ikka &amp; mc stan

There is only one little thing in front of me.
Lyrics and credits ka rr karte rho tum log bas. You will not be able to compete with your father
Who come after IKKA Ft. Mcstan song

How many of you after ikka mcstan URVASHI?

Yo yo honey Singh
Stan and Ikka's sunken came here
Who came here after listening the new urvashi song?

Sachi masahala yo yo yo yo yo yo
Candy Yo yo honey singh
Ye hota hey singing magic or what did you make it?
Ye gana tb bana jb paji bimar the 
Brother what are you making music honey paji. A dim futuristic 
Why are you cleaning guys? Our newspaper's head was hurting. Ab vibe aarhi h hiney paji music ,&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; chapri
Only stan Baa.

Stan army  
I have come here to listen to Kon Kon Ikka's song to refresh my mood.
Who kon mc stan ka song sunke yaha aaya 
By mistake, Ikka-Urvashi started cleaning Sunhliya's house.
Making commerical with hiphop isn&#39;t everyone&#39;s cup of teaYoyo is Picasso of it

This “Urvashi” is way better than MC Stan &amp; Ikka

What A song

Brother, I have come to improve my mood which has been spoiled due to my stan or Ikka's urine.
Who came here after new version of ikka × mc stan

Is this sugar called hehChapri o ne song ki laga di ???
Me Me 
Plz listen to as many chapri k fans as honey singh urvashi then only pata chalega asli music 
Justice for Honey Singh Urvashi

Always superhit

Masterpiece
Yo yo honey singha
Yoyo 
Who is 2023?
Awesome real song

Yeh urvashi &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; urvashi with breasts
Ye gana to ikka or mc stan ke gane acha hai 
Who is here after urvashi ikka and mc stan song? 

Here to purify my ears after hearing MC bus stand version 

Mcstan fans. Please listen to this song tumra baaap yo yo 
After ikka and stan Urvashi they destroy song and

Who better song. Ikka. Mc ya apna yo yo honey Singh 
Come here after listening urvashi by ikka and stan ...this one is better and will always be better 

New Urvashi song se  10 times better  hain . Yo Yo
Why don't you listen to this place and come here to clean it?
Mcstan aur ikka ka song has come to brighten the sun's mood
Is urvashi song ko stan wala urvashi takkar nhi ​​de paega
Far Better Than Ikka x Chapri s urvashi
Now check out the mc stan and ikka song

Who came here after watching urvashi mc stan &amp; ikka

This one good ikka aur chapri na gaana kharab kar diya

Kabir Singh ending song  director forget to add this song

Who came here after watching Urvashi iKKa x MC rand

YOYO 
This urvashi song Better than mc stan ikka urvashi song
Which chapri (mc stan) wala Urvashi Sun has come here to freshen his mood 
Udr mc magic spoiled the mood 
Here after listening mc stan and ikka wala urvashi 

Abhi chapri's urvashi Sona has come here to enjoy the peace.
Lyrics × music × singer -- yo yo honey paji 
Who came after listening to mc and ikka urvashi song 

MC Stan or Ikka ka song sun ke kon kon yaha aaya Yo Yo Honey Singh Fans Attendance 
Who is here after ikka× mc stan urvashi

Nalla urvadhi dekh ke kaan san karne aaya hu legend urvshi sunne
Aajo bhaiyo kr lo thoda mood thik 

Who should clean it?
WHO COMES HERE AFTER LISTENING URVASHI BY MC STAN × IKKA
Urvashi (x) I have come to clean where the blood was coming out from.
Sanitizing my ears after ikka n mc stan s urvashi

Kon kon ikka nd stan ka gaana sun kar yhaa aayaaa like karo
Hear after mc Stan and ikka song 

Here after Mc stan and ikka s urvashi 

Yoyohoneysingh king

From where was the blood coming out? He came to clean it.
Which MC came after listening to the Urvashi song of Stan?
Who&#39;s come after Ikka Mc Stan song 

It's a good song that my mother has written and nobody agrees.
Better than stan and ikka urvashi

Where did you come to clean it?
Mcstan's father Honey Singh
Yo yo honey Singh ️
I have come to my ears, now my ears will find peace!
Yo yo song best

This Urvashi song &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; new urvashi song
Who was here after mc stan&#39;s urvashi
yo yo honey singh is king ️ hai ishke aage sab chai kam pani hai

Who kon stan ikka ka song sun ke aaiya he
Mc or Ikka didn't hug me
Ikka or mc stan is not your bss's place.
Urvashi
New song sunkr aaya hu ye hai real urvashi 
I like song urvashi mc stan and ikka  

Did you hear the urine of the boy ???
Faaaaaaar better than the new one iykyk 

Much time better chapri song 

Mc Stan Ne Blockbuster Gaane Ki Vaat Laga Dali 
This one legendary song 

Came here clear my mind after listening new Urvashi track 

Anyone stan ikka Heard the song 

Who has come to see the urine of Mc Stan?
GALTI SE CHAPRI KA URVASHI SUNN LIYAA- KAAN SAAF KRNE YAHA AAYA HU
Now I am still here and the Urvashi Sun has arrived here and I am finding solace.
Mc chapri ke ANDBHAKT crying in comments

Yo yo honey Singh
Tomorrow is the song of bad times 
Kal kuch kutta is song me hug dange 

Who come after mc x ikka urvashi song
Now Urvashi Song by Mc Stan X ikka
Funny Ling ka jhatu song  Tomorrow will come real banger Urvashi song 
The real day of this song will come tomorrow
Waiting Mc Stan Urvashi song 
Kareena is very stupid to gave up shahidd

Wee

Yo Yo Honey Singh urvasi like Ikka ft mc stan commentsAap logo ko kis ka song accha lagaYo Yo Honey Singh ka ya mc stan and ikka ka
Ikka ft Mc Stan will spoil the magic of this song in 2 days
Yoyo Badshah's father 
Yoyo

What is this vibe?
Who is there in front of Yoyohoneysingh paji 
Mc nai bad grk k dega hai ka yr 
Like for YO YO
Better than Rahman 
Music king

Kehndi yo yo honey singh
Osm bro

This record cannot be played by any unknown rapper.
Ikka and mc stan es song ka Remix lane vale hi

Yyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
2023

2023&quot;s attendance here

Good
In this movie Kabir Singh Kiara advani looking a simple girl but in this song Kiara advani looking so hot and sexy

kakay light anse pro paw disi bainchod
blood group janos amar,,,,tui ki mone korsos mui manush
matrix e dekhbi shob taulla faidda jaibe
telabi nah
jokhon shesh hoiya jaibe kainda debe
smell disos aitase sobur
shob shesh koira boiya roisii
pathor er space ship dekhsos kor
koi acos ko dee
Yo Yo honey singh naam hi kaafi hai ️
Kabir Singh

Kabir Singh deleted song 

Yo yo on the beat️️️
.

.

.

Seduction is an art where both parties have to be interested and one dominated the other opinion, values and principles.

OMG THOSE BEATS 
<a href="">2:09</a>

Kiara and shahid chemistry 

Always yo yo 
Yo Yo Honey Singh world  top music  beat produce 
This combination   kabir and preeti 

<b>Its 2023 but still favorite</b>

No can beat A.R Rahman

Me who is here for seeing kabir and preeti 

YO YO HONEY SINGH
Yo yo honey Singh Mindi change dance
Cmmj

what to say ️
Wow
not grate choda Akbar   one and only veer grate Chatrapati shivaji maharaj 

not grate choda Akbar   one and only veer grate Chatrapati shivaji maharaj 

not grate choda Akbar   one and only veer grate Chatrapati shivaji maharaj 

not grate choda Akbar   one and only veer grate Chatrapati shivaji maharaj 

But not grate choda Akbar   one and only veer grate Chatrapati shivaji maharaj 

But not grate choda Akbar   one and only veer grate Chatrapati shivaji maharaj 

YO YO  PAR tu sab sexy what A Line 
2M LIKES ️‍
Honey 
Kiara + Shahid also in kabir singh 
Nice music 
Tu haa khe to badal ke rakh du kahani 

YO YO HONEY SINGH 
Urvashi by IKKA Ft. MC ST∆N coming on November 1st week ️
Nice page asi vabe chahiye
She&#39;s a Sex Machine

Who is watching this video in 2023?
Whose name is Urvashi or do male friends in school college tease her with this song?
Who is there in 2023? 

Masterpiece by YO YO HONEY SINGH

Which song are you watching on 25 October 2023?
What is the point of making such songs in the first place? What is the hype all about?

Movie name
After This BOAT

See you again in 2023...mashallah 
Yo yo honey Singh
Honey paji song always rocks 
The one n only Yo Yo Honey Singh 

MeIsSony

Yo Yo honey singh is Legend

Yo yo lover
My name is urvashi saini

You have met in r. rahman
Movie name ??
This is what we need frm our honey  pajiii ....musiccccc 

Yoyo Honeysing

remindes me my high school days  i remember every student was singing this song 

Me Me 
Only legend.s listening this song...

Yo yo honey Singh 
Yoyo only makes quantity but not quality nowadays

Yo Yo Honey Singh Paji
The kid who entered into the sky ️
Jawara Tubicycehai jabaatk Teramaderchod kutte kamine tujhe bharva nalaya bliye kya ️️ Tujhe started mein ️
Shahid Kiara is love ️
I love Kiara so much ... She is Soo pretty ️
Who watched this song 2023 in October Only yo yo fans.️

The honey paaji...️
Auto tune of Gand Maar song. Who listens to this Bhojpuri songs?
Honey Paaji's music and Vinod Verma mix 
18 October 2023Koi sun RHA h to लाइक करे<i>______yo yo honey Singh ____</i>
Movie name ???
No one can hold Yo Yo Honey Singh&#39;s hand in Party song.

 urvashi
And they say comeback nhi ho rha  jroorat hi nhi hai shah 
Paji aisa song lao
That&#39;s our yo yo .. that what we wants right now ️.Love you Honey  
Who told yoyo is not getting comeback when he hasn’t gone anywhere why he needs comeback just watch this music video 5 years ago 2018 when he was still in biopolar disorder he made this master class song with 224 millions views now so badsha was talking about himself and raftar 

Meanwhile kabeer singh 

Me Me
Orginal song lyrical not vairamuthu...vaali

Legends still watching in 2023 just for Yo yo 

<a href="">3:11</a> it&#39;s time 

Woah! Susan is here tooo

Urvashi magar me to esh song me hu hi nahi ???
I me
Only yo yo honey Singhaaaa

Shahid dance so fast I like Shahid every time I see Kabir Singh
Perfect dancer = Shahid Kapoor &amp; Hrithik Roshan Stunt man= tiger shroff

me me
Who all love song sun. Who has come thanks to honey paji who has given me the vibe of childhood
Why shahid is so underrated when its about dance shahid is much better then varun and shushant also

Yo yo honey Singh 

Song vibes are good but that jihadi islamic lyrics  is not for use full for karachiwood for this genz generation of santani for soft convertion

<a href="">1:22</a>

Who says there is no time to come back
It&#39;s 2023
Who is the main sun in 2023 ️
Very good song  and good actor <a href="">3:34</a>

Preeti
S..1sv
Who all like this song s sunraha hai 
Anyone 2023 ???

Kabir and Preeti at the party after college hours.

Kabir Singh and Preety in Parallel Universe!

2023 yo yo honey Singh 
10:13:2023
Kabir Singh and his GF

Honey Singh Fans Like
Finally Boat Promote sahid kapoor song

yo yo is back

Yoyo
Brother, what dance are you doing?
Yo yo fire  hye
Varun <a href="">0:14</a>

I am very lucky song without add open ho gya 

Good evening shahid sir <a href="">0:41</a>
Kabir Singh in another dimension 

Bro please tell which movie have you seen?
I me
Yo  yo  honey singh King Indian Hip hop King 
At that time I didn't even know Kiara.
Shahid ka dance just 

Y02Always 
But Were is <b>Urvashi Rautela</b> 

This song look like a old honey 

@yo yo honey Singh 

Just imagine Honey Paaji in this song 

Still better than some <b>Chapri</b> singers.  If you know you know about whom I am saying

Soncho is video pe khud HONEY SINGH hote to kaysa hota

Who is the best song in 2023?
It's been 5 years but still it sounds new 
Yo yo honey Singh
