Why are they filming like this?!
Damn they didn't hit again. Maybe it’s not worth posting such videos anymore.
Keep it up Russians! Take down the jihadists!
IT’S BECOME COLD, THERE’S NO SEAL EATERS IN VIEW, THEY’RE THINKING WHERE TO SPELL THE GAS
BEAT KOZLOV SAVE RUSSIA.
“The way up is difficult, but the view is good.” (Russian Air Force)
I wonder what happened to the pepper that was on the Ciebalso jeep in the previous episode
Record the coordinates of the targets on video so that you can watch them in Google Maps!!!!
Not enough. It needs to be turned into a desert
he nazis report &quot;precision strikes&quot; and show total destruction of the Atshan village because their tactic resumes to terror against civiilians see nazi propaganda video RT Syrian Arab Army Restores Atshan Town, Hama from Terrorists youtube. / watch? v = c9CMoyz0fcw BASICS Napoleon and Hitler failed. But this time the basic fact is unprecedented: Russia under &quot;point of no return&quot; military attack and not lead by patriots but by traitors. end-times-history.blog + spot ... 2014/06

god bless russia

Kind of weak somehow :(
As a child, the world seemed so mysterious, kind and rich, and with age, gaining more and more knowledge, you understand that there is no magic, dragons do not exist, souls do not exist, people are shit and you will only have to live for about 80 years. Half of which is spent on sleep, food and toilet, and a good part of the other half goes to work. And now you are faced with a choice: spend your life on art and personal interests and are more likely to live in poverty, or spend your life on a job and career that guarantees you nothing except a meager pension. You find a loved one, put all your strength and soul into him (which does not exist), and he sets you up/cheats/abandons you.
It’s kind of weak, you have to throw nuclear bombs with a small charge
Not enough, IMHO. Burn again, Russian Aerospace Forces
There is no IS in Idlib. Russia does not strike ISIS because ISIS was created by Russia in order to raise the price of oil.
Impact coordinates: 38.889643, -77.037949. USA, Washington.
I look at the video and want to press and explode the same thing.
Why not over the entire area?
Damn, the show will end soon, the Iraqis bombed the leaders, al-Baghdadi either died or in the hospital, here they are razed to the ground...
Clearly.
Great!
It would be nice to put cameras on planes too!
Well, the ISIS labor and recreation camp has lost its rating, and the tickets have already been sold. )
Allah no longer has enough time to meet with everyone who was heading to him.
God bless Russia!

Viva Russia

FORGIVE US YGGIIIILLUSH.....
Give me ODAB-9000 already
Well, either the fart of some Ukrainian president caught fire there, or there was an ISIS fuel and lubricants warehouse there
Impact coordinates: 35.862286, 36.633466
along the way they all died - 0 dislikes.
there are no dislikes anymore... no one to give it to.
It’s time for MO to stream on Twitch and collect donations so that expert commentators can order the bombing of each other’s mothers
Again 2 shells flew past the village. Like the white people, they could make cast iron into adjustable bombs.
Somehow it’s not enough, almost everything is whole.
Teeek, where are the <del>dislikes</del> SlavaUkrainians?
Yes, drop the ODAB already, people are asking for spectacles!
Weak impacts on such objects need to be thrown something more powerful so that everything can be blown away
weakly
do more daytime shooting))
Anijedeti!!!
Suitcase-station-Germany.
awesome video. but why was only part of the buildings destroyed??
One thing surprises me - where are all the people in the video? With this resolution, people should be visible. A lot of people just don't.
Who's going to the resorts of Syria next year? Who's going to work on Syria's construction sites? Have the oil fields already been staked out?
Strange. Why didn’t they destroy everything to the ground with all the living force there...
But here they could use a vacuum...
This is what I mean by accuracy! directly to a specific building!
Quality work!
This is the best TV Show ever !

I think the entire IS now has a bear disease, they are shitting gravy in their boots and running away like cockroaches.
And most importantly, cheap bombs, but a lot of them, and not burdensome for the Russian taxpayer)
Those who survived until the end of their lives will shit blood from concussions, etc.)
oh new series :)
Pinocchio vs Barmaley
Black square.
Glory to Russia!!!
wow, the block is to hell
:)
