Video on the topic: how to quickly make a pool in the yard?
Where are the new videos?
Like if you are also looking forward to the second season.
Is this a terrorist headquarters or an ammunition depot? <a href="">
wow, is this a satellite?...
Still, it seems to me that one bomb is not enough, let’s drop five bombs just to be sure.. Besides, there are probably hundreds of thousands of them in warehouses since the times of the USSR..
Awesome zoom
RUSSIAN MINISTRY OF MINISTRY why is there no video from the airstrike sites. like a report from the scene of the explosion. so that people can see the damage done, broken equipment for example. it's all a top view and a top view.
Cowardly American army surrender!!!
What a damn “spot” one. More like flatbread.
They are sitting in the basement, passing the joint around. And suddenly, someone decided to joke with everyone: “Ha, guess what, it’s going to hit us right now!” And it covered...
It’s a pity that it’s not a cross! But the Putin-suckers and this “surgical” strike are snatching up!) Morons
ISIS, repair your air conditioners...))
strike at the meeting place of the commanders)))) and also two Martians and one organism from a neighboring galaxy were destroyed... where the bomb fell there and the commanders were...
dudes can't even get drunk in the basement anymore)))
Well, I don’t know... For the commanders, they might not have spared a bomb. What if they moved to the other end of the building at that moment?
When will they start filming the second season?
Don't gather more than three)
"Winged cargo transportation", we deliver for sure! Clients' choice - "BETAB 500" service!!! Promotion: delivery accuracy increases in autumn!
How did the commanders know where we were going to throw the bomb in order to meet there?
How many barmalei went to the furies?
15 ISIS members did not like this video)))
After this meeting, everyone went together to meet Allah)
The meeting of field commanders with colleagues smoothly developed into a meeting with ancestors)
in this video, right here in this video, they were very moderately pissed off, I think, yes! moderation hurts no one.
Well Like of course!!! Why didn't earlier intelligence data show? Where are all the bearded men in dresses, in jeeps!!! Otherwise, it seems like we are contributing to the lies of the Western media, bombing them and moderate bearded children)
but no one on this channel saw it, the “Russian Ministry of Defense” itself writes comments here?
And now ISIL is going to start suicide bombings in russia, good job russia, well done. By the way , how much more in debt is russia since it started to spend 4.5 millin dollars a day in syria? That does not include the 2 million dollar price tag on each of those cruise missiles. I predict the ruble will crash after christmas . So stupid.

russia looks like such a joke, they try and imitate the cnn coverage of f117 precision strikes in iraq in 1991 with a piece of shit drone trying to focus in on where the bombs landed. And like this video shows, they never land in the center x but way off to the side. Russia has a terrible military, and the US is laughing at them.

Is McCain covered?
In every little suicide bomber, both boys and girls, there are two hundred grams of explosives, or even half a kilo! He must run and jump, grab everything, kick his legs, otherwise he will explode, bang-bang! And he’s gone!
They all met in one place, never to be separated again.
It’s confusing that at first the zoom was such that the buildings were slightly visible, and then they increased the smoke. What couldn’t be increased immediately? maybe there was no one there?
Look how the plot twists...
By the way, the sandstorm didn’t interfere, everything seems to be visible
whose shoe?
KEBAB-500 is on their roof.
this is where ODAB-9000, coated with lard from IRP, definitely belongs
This film series has the ability to never get boring.
where the meeting fell
give the coordinates of moderate terrorists)))
It would be nice to post what it looked like from the ground. I hope that &quot;Allah-akbarki&quot; on behalf of terrorists will also soon appear on YouTube.
This is zoom, fucking zoom.....(c)
An old Russian proverb: “Kill everyone in one fell swoop.”
Leader of the militants: Guess in which ear I have a buzzing? - but I didn’t guess, I have a buzzing in both ears BOOM!
This is just like the icing on the cake for Assad, who arrived in Moscow. :)
Is that crosshair in the center from the bomb or do the bombs always land in the wrong place?
Is this from a satellite or from an airplane?
They'll apply some green paint and it'll be fine.
I do not believe! No cars, no people, no security, just a blown up barn...
That’s how it would be according to the gatherings of thieves in law in Rossiyushka. And also, regarding the Russian operation in Syria, Russia was invited there, but no one invited NATO and the United States there.
And music will play in your house, but you won’t hear it anymore..))) have a good trip to heaven, gentlemen terrorists...
Express to heaven. When will the next episode be released?
Meeting place for commanders with 72 houris...
Finally, the Ministry of Defense began to educate the population regarding the weapons of its army. Otherwise, through Hollywood films, Russians always carry AK-47s.
This is how to destroy thieves in law, right at the meeting.
I smell the stench of crap ISIS trousers
I'd like to know the results. Was the information confirmed how many freaks went to the bar?
why only one?
Did they write about this meeting on RIA Novosti?)
commanders met with forefathers
And they shouted “Alla I’m going to the bar!”?
torment kazlov!
I wonder if they can hear the plane?
Damn, there's a video channel right here! Adding to favorites...
The music didn't play for long. The guy didn't dance for long.
Lower the bar. You are experiencing lag.:dd
Every day you kill about a hundred leaders and blow up a hundred command posts. Listen, motherfucker. Yes, there are not so many leaders and command posts in Syria, but it simply cannot be.
Summary of the meeting of ISIS commanders: Salam Aleikum! E brother Vaaleikum assalam...........huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuyak------------------------
Allah I'm in KAB
&quot;Allah ak....&quot; BOOM!
Meeting place for commanders with KAB-500
Some people got a little lost
They stand on the switch, bazaar - and then a KAB-500 flies in from above)
Happens...
Were these sleigh rags or slippers? I would like to understand the classification...
The tapchan even turned over...
The meeting was explosive! )) The leader at this meeting probably said later - Damn guys, I promised that nothing would happen to the house! How can I explain this to my parents now?
I couldn’t come up with a single joke about ISIS, so I’ll just leave this comment for likes.
WHERE are 10 cars with machine guns? which the general was talking about? Did you end up in the barn again?
collective trip to virgins
MAYER MARX-OLBERG, a breeding ground for bandits, is Britain and its capital. The main condition is that the bandit has as much money as possible in his pockets, which he stole from his homeland.
MAYER MARX-OLBERG, the Syrian people will decide who is in power and who is not. It's not up to you to decide.
I'm guessing parashenka, Avakov and the other junta were there, however, the meeting
Never hit a cross on the screen yet))))
So we met
damn, this is from outer space. Fucking zoom.
I am an Igil partisan, Have a soft round anus, Go quickly to Europe, Shave my ass on the run...
Was Obama present at the meeting of leaders?
Was this the same bar with Alla?)
Good toastmaster and cool fireworks :-)
Shoigonedonos! Buy normal cameras for aerial photography first! Don’t post this shameful, obnoxious quality where you can’t see shit....how long can you fool people’s brains? Nobody believes you)))
Well done Russians! Glory to Russia!
and then unexpected guests showed up for the meeting)
The Basmachi can't go anywhere now! Big brother is watching! You’re sitting there, so important, drinking tea, dreaming of ISIS domination, and then BANG! And the Basmach decomposed into plasma and molecules :)
Amen
I looked at what kind of cab it was. I don't envy the commanders. I also really hope that the maximum number of them gathered there. I just remembered the joke “I spent three years collecting you whores for one ship” )))
It is immediately clear that the meeting was held at the highest level 👍 there were even fireworks!!!! Well, what can I say? Just great guys 😀
oops they're filming the new drone
Allah Babah!
Do you have any complaints about VKS?
pings
MAYER MARX-OLBERG you have already shown in Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan and dozens of other countries how you know how to understand and establish democracy and peace.
again a column of smoke, and where is the picture before and after....?
Did they kill anyone?
I hope all the commanders died!
VIVA  RASSIYA

We need to come up with a new feature for the video, otherwise people will lose interest.)
Meeting place for commanders. The young guard does not sleep. How many 200s will go overseas?
love this series
Fuck you and drink some tea
Did everyone get it? Are there any dissatisfied people?
I didn't see it right away...
God, I'm in a bar
First again
whoa whoa
