Thank you everyone for the love. I’m proud of the final output and proud of each and every person who has worked hard on this song.I’d request all of you to SHARE this video with your friends, family and loved ones. Your support means world to me. Keep Sharing, Keep Loving! &lt;3

When bb sings a song it hits different 
I think i listen these song after years &amp; when i see the release date its remember me the good old days.

Even bad singers can't sing this much AXA
BB as Singer &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; BB as Viner

This is such an underrated song. It&#39;s so so beautiful and sad. It makes me tear up every single time.

2024 anyone there

Comment if you are still listening it in 2024!

Who else is listening to this banger in 2024?

This is far the most soothing, relaxing and relatable song. I love hearing it. Thanks for making it.

It truly feels like a 90s hit song that never left my heart .... I came back to listen to this song after a long time of forgetting about it ... and it just felt home. Thank you for this

It&#39;s been 4 years ,eh?

Hello There.

Hello There.

Hello There.

This is the start of a comment thread.

Masterpiece bhai
Deserves more respect 
Masterpiece 
happy
The best underrated song ever heard

with you sang hu tera
It&#39;s 2024 but still this song is favourite

It&#39;s not just a song, it is magic it&#39;s emotion 

6 years bro 

anyone here in 2024?

can&#39;t imagine it&#39;s been 6 years for this song!!

Humesha saath rahenge , bs mere gharwalo ke saamne baat krlemge . Ye bol dunga mai ki lavanya ki bina ni jee paunga ️️ tu boldio pehle ki tu bhi ni jee payegi mere bina phir cuddles  ️ cuddles se mai tera bohot bade wala Deewana bn jaunga , I know this thing about myself . The girl who cuddles with me gets me from rest of this materialistic world

my favourite song️️
Bb Bhai ek neya gaana nikalo na
Wow 
5 bar dekhne ke baad hi samajh ayaaa,, BB u r just awesome!!

Awesome Song

A perfect song like a masterpiece of an artist, I must say. Each and every thing. The story, the lines and the feeling. Bhuvan Bhaiya you are really great. Great imagination you have. Every single thing was so genuine just like YOU. Love you BhaiyaWe know but we cant even imagine how much efforts you must have put in this. Lots and lotsss of love. Take care

Soothing song

Everyone one changed ashish, r2h, harsh But he is still the same my favorite

2023 
26 nov 2023
Copied from Kaisi Hai Ye Rut ?

Why you guys spreading hate against carry both are super talented and better than Bollywood and bb carry are best friends but you guys are toxic audience

16 November 2023 ... 
Master piece song to itne   kam views

Who watching November 2023?

after all this years this songs still gives me chills

I have this habit of listening to BBs music right after writing and exam for some reason...it kinda makes me feel like as if I&#39;m in heaven

Who listening to this in 2024??

Seeing this masterpiece after years !! Just calms my heart️ Best work by bhuvan

1st youtuber song that I liked 

Bhottt pyara yrrr bhot jada pyaraa
Manji, if you ever see this comment. I love you  always. <a href="">1:13</a>

After a long time I&#39;m hearing it..and gives the same vibe still️

I loved dhindhora..but honestly..this romance works more than between tara and BB there.. maybe it&#39;s the direction or the chemistry between the actors..

2023 and still masterpiece for me ️️️
Loved a lot

Anybody in 2023?

wow sir

Better then... Ap dhillon- with you..... Sang hoon tere.. . the voice, the music, the beats, the lyrics..... Best song. Most of the romantic songs these days lack the touch/depth/essence....but this song is full of it..

I remember watching it 5yrs ago it was so beautiful. Watching it after years now and it still gives me same vibe as before.

bro how the hell you can make such great songs, you are literally gifted by god with all sorts of talent....btw this song makes me cry every time I listen to it

I&#39;m miss the old bb song..

Don&#39;t know how many flashbacks hit everytime i listen to this song..... Had been on my lowest when someone dedicated this song to me nd i used to feel each nd every line of this, which used to give me power in my struggling days.. Now guess what, life&#39;s sorted nd my &quot;sang hoon tere&quot; person is not in  my life anymore........ Still thankful to him for everything, stay blessed

Very emotional song bro

My heart melts whenever i listen to it️so much memory with this one️

Makes me sooo emotional EVERYTIME i see the visuals...no matter how many times i&#39;ve seen it, i get emotionali literally cry...so muchTHE BEST SONGLOVE YOU BB

5 years still feels fresh love you bb 



The day is 28-08-2023 and I’m finding and listening this songKya song h yaar

Love u bhava
Your song is my free therapy 

5 years now but the last scene still hits the same

its 2023 and i am still crying while listening to this.

One of my fav

Pov :- BB himself a masterpiece...

Just came back to hear this masterpiece again and it always will. Love you BB Always the most talented, relevant and relatable YouTuber of the generation <a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/1v50XorRJ8GQ8gTz_prwAg"></a>

There is more luck in life than luck.
K.k. rock and this song also

Friend Bhuvan, I have one heart, how many times will I win!
It was 2018 when he suggested  me this songAnd now it&#39;s   2023 Things changed drastically  ...Pahle  bhi ankho m ashu the aur aaj bhi   h  Bs pahle khushi k  the ab yaade  k h  !!!

Whenever I listen to this song, I feel like my mother, it hits so close to heart ️ love you BB.
Love you bb ️️️
I was there when the song was actually shot i was in my 11th grade was on trip in Manali, now I&#39;m a graduate but love for this song remains the same. Love this music even after 5 years.

It&#39;s Perfect

After a year I&#39;m hearing it cuz I can now. Past is the past...

Bb your music skill are just amazing and the innocence and calmness in your vocals are just made song lovely and relatable lots of love 

Hey BB U hav to make another song like this... its very heart touching....

My office time dose ️️
Batoo hi batoo mai 
Ache songs ko views hi nhi milti Carry ke rap me 300 million+ views aur isme sirf 19 million

“You are my aashiyana, you are my home… I sang hoon tere… you sang hoon tere…”
It&#39;s 17th June,2023 I&#39;m still obsessed with this masterpiece by One &amp; Only Bhuvan Bam sir Far better than Bollywood songs Every single word,line is Relatable Bhuvan sir want more like this 

what a song, friend!!!
After hiring this song it take me 5 years back i was 15 at that time but i don’t no the meaning of the song but now it hit hard

just loved it ️
Haan TM was here ho ho jaise dekha tha Maine aapne aapne mein mein ..sang hu tere 
I haven't heard this song after 5 years but the vibe that was there before is still there today ️
Masterpiece song by bb 

Even today it is best to refresh your mind.
What a beautiful song! :)

L

Love this song️

What is this fruit they are eating?



amazing song bb
Love you bhai
BB is All Rounder

May God bless her

Listened it first time in 2021 and made a lot of memories with this song!! Imagining me with crush dancing, singing, doing nightouts and a lot more ️.. But Unfortunately that imagination just remained imagination

Such a pure song ️

It&#39;s been 5 yrs now But this song  it&#39;s just as pure as gold

Sang hoon tere
Listening continuesly from past 2 years everyday..

In future years 2023

Golden

One of the best song by bb anyone could witness 

2018

️️️️️️ BB the best ever iconic person i hv ever seen from comedy  singing, acting , lyricist he has given his best in all fields may God bless you bb bhuwan bam ️🇮🇳
Bhuvan, really proud of you brother. All you songs are amazing. Please do not stop making music. I rely very much on them. Your songs make me forget about all my stress. Love you BB. May god bless you ️ You are god gifted.

Truly a masterpiece 

Kya vibe h

What talent h yrr
This song still in my heart come back after 5 years everything has changed but the beauty of this song still same 

Nostalgia 
Still a legend 

If Bhuvam is promoted again then he will look great.
This song always close to my heart 

It&#39;s now 2023 to long

I just love his smile His cuteness ️

Lyrics bahot khubsurat h song ke Ajkl ke kaha ese lyrics hote h love you bhuwan bro....✓
wow what a song. wonderful sound arrangement.

The lyrics hit so hard and the voice is just phenomenal.. Already heard the song like more than 10 times today and i just want to keep listening to it over and over again...You&#39;re a legend actor singer comedian lyricist all in one ️️

Bro we want more this type off songslove this

came back after 5 years. so much changed but the song did not lose it&#39;s beauty  big hug bhaips- came along with someone special

I&#39;ll keep loving you always 

Remembered this masterpiece all of a sudden 

I don&#39;t understand
I want to meet him once in a life. I am studying. Hard. Just to meet him I don&#39;t know that he was  reading my comment i wish he will  love you ️️

dude this type of cinematography 

You all have not noticed but in the first verse of &quot;SANG HOON TERE&quot; when the girl was with bhuvan they both were singing and we got to heard two voices but in the last only bhuvan was singingWhat a masterpiece!!!!

New song kab aa ra bhai
My day is incomplete without listening to this song 

2023 - still loved watching  Bhuvam bhai ki video

bhai you are my role model

The ending really made me imotional 

Thankyou BB 
The chorus gets me nostalgic about a memory I don&#39;t seem to remember.

Such a beautiful song

Pure nostalgia 
This song is the most underrated 

After 3rd break up only this song only can say truly......&quot;sang hu tere&quot;

I am your child and you smile at me.
10 Feb 2023 still a song which makes me fell relieved.thanks to you bro.

It&#39;s been 5 yrs still a masterpiecePlease re release this song It deserves a second chance to be in every heart

When you cried in the car...my eyes were full of tears....

Loved itt

Still a masterpiece 
The sun will rise in 2023
Before luck, I got more luck than luck, I have life in my life  4th Feb 2023.......!
Who listing this song in 2023 ?

It&#39;s been 5 years now, this is Feb 2023 and you&#39;re listening to this song.️

Feb 2023

Good taste of music

Who&#39;s listening to this masterpiece in 2023?

Listening all the songs of bhuvan Bhai after years still loving it 

He is such a gem for our nation bhuvan I love your personality

You are like no other singer, you are also a fabulous actor, you are the best in every thing, I love you sir.
What kind of fruit am I starting with???
It still feels good to hear this song in 2023

My most favourite choice!!!

Bhuvaniansssssssssssssss here rocking!!
Which songs are still being heard in 2023  like
Bhai mast tha voice ️

Bhuvan bhai your this song always triggered love story of my past. I love this song very very much

still love this song love bb

bhuvan maiko also has to grow in the future 
This is a Masterpiece ️

I&#39;m still listening in 2023 

It&#39;s been exact 5 years to this, I wish I could go back then in time and relive all these years again having my present consciousness

It was 4 years ago when I first listened to this song during its premiere and here I am still vibing to it, Its a clear masterpiece! 

All Rounder since Day 1️
LOVE you ️ bro and hate you  bro

Just like Hrithik Roshan said to Aishwarya, har ek listen pe like karne ko jee chahta hai!

the prettiest song ever

I&#39;m still listening this because I can feel this  It&#39;s damn good ️

2022
The chemistry between bhuvan and this girl is next level. ️️

Almost cried...loved it bhai

This Song Still Lives In My Head Rentless Like Its So Good !!

This is a very very bad song honestly bro, you&#39;re a comic, stick to that. You suck at singing . I was searching for sang hoon tere by kk and I saw your song, now I regret , please give up singing

Such positive &amp; mood changer song️
Bollywood songs should be like this

Its been 4 freakin years since release and is still in my YT mixbe it long trip song or latenight study song my 1st song in it.......loved it bhuvan bhai

Mummy is happy with my real wife Sangita Mishra
Heart touching

Titu maAamir fuddi HolaLike havey voice bolkar bhi Ye song gata he or uske game Dil chu jata he

Who is still here after 4 yrs like

can someone tell what is the sweater called which the girl is wearing at <a href="">2:27</a> ?

Who is listening 2022 this song

Best BB song am I right?

<a href="">2:09</a> Kya mein...waisa hu jaisa.. dheka tha tumne..... apne khwabon mein Yes Bhuvan bhai aap bilkul waise hi ho , it was all fiction until I met you mere bhai. Aap jaisa insaan mene aj tak nahi dheka . Following you for around 2 years . Your simply the BEST . Love you bohot sara 

It&#39;s been 4 years.. Still the song is relevant️

Snakesladder ️ Idiol go for it !!

Who Still listen to this song in 2022

still 
Such a masterpiece 

Been so long already huh

I&#39;m leaving this comment here so after a month or a year when someone likes it, I get reminded of this song

No one is as versatile as bb

Best storyline and song too

BB was a best singer

Our BB is not a professional singer, she is a professional singer 
Nice song 
Feel 
GAZAB BHUVAN BHAI

4 yrs but still this song is a master piece

Talented ambitious WELL DESERVED

So many memories with this song

BB is all rounder love the song ️️

Still touches the soul

my hobby 
Why is the last 5 seconds soo silent but most loud

Watching in 2022

Bhai I was crying at the moment see turn off TV Love you

It&#39;s 2018 and I&#39;m listening to this song while thinking about my crush. This is so crazy like time passes so quick.

His sang hoo tere and Teri meri kahani is really good

<a href="">1:30</a> bhawra Singh

I am a big fan of sharukh khan but i will choose this guy before srk

soo soulful...and strong song!

Four years but still so refreshing ️
Could anyone please translate the lyrics of this song, pleaseee?

Next supper star

This song..and our story..began here.. :)

Love this song ️

4 years have gone by and I have returned to the sun. I dedicate this song to Tapa 07(I don't know whether I have a crush or love). I pray for everyone because I don't know what has happened to me, I feel so happy, I think of the future with you and I feel like crying
After 4 years I here the song again and again 

Your voice is so good sir 
Ye sunke mereko mere friend ki yaad aa gayiShe wasn&#39;t my girlfriend but a best friend of mine She&#39;s no moreRIP I hope I die soon I want to meet her 

Bb ki vine on top of sky......... I think that&#39;s why bhuvan not our comments

Ye dil charara ki tarah nahi raha raha kya poor dil ki tarah nahi raha kya poor dil ki tarah nahi raha (What poor heart is this copied)
Totally loved it

Isn&#39;t it very similar to &quot;kaisi hai ye rut&quot; from the movie Dil chahta hai?

He is a Good singer as well as a comedian

BEAUTIFUL 
BB the Best
Sir please go to Sandeep Maheshwari ji's app please humble request sir 
This is not song this is masterpiece Before Die I want to meet BB

Yaar the ending 

I just come here often......

I don&#39;t know how many time I cry after listening this masterpiece ️️️️

I literally want to cry after watching this Amazing dude

I listen to this song not bcoz this song is good, but bcoz this song is of BB

This song still hurts the same in 2022️️

a song can&#39;t always make you crythe song: sang hoon tere

Tere sang mujhe hey wala sing son kar kar din ko santi mil gaye 
BB is all rounder ️

Heart Touching Song and story
Bruh
this song had really made me cry

Dedicating this song to you @anchal_thakur.You&#39;ve been one jiski baar baar galti pr bhi sath reh lunga humesa,Kyunki tujhe khone se darta hu...Kyunki.&quot;Tu meri zindagi ka vo khoobsurat ehsas hai,Jo mjhe pal m hansa sakta hai aur pal mai rula skta hai&quot;.

Before i die i really want to meet BB

Still one of my favourites even after 4 yrsss...And will continue to be...

Hii Again can&#39;t stop listening this masterpiece 
Masterpiece ️
My dream is to meet u bhuvan sir
Its been 4 years ago this song came but still today i listen it i just loved this song ️️️

What a song yaar love you Dil se pehli baar khuch aa pasand aya hai  ✪ ✪ ✪ ✪
I can feel the words... 

I wish i have someone to dedicate this song , it&#39;s 2022 and this will be my forever song which i always want to dedicate to my loved one

Hello!!! Plzz can anyone explain me the story behind this song,I mean I didn&#39;t got what they trying to make us understand and where bhuvan went at the end of the song!??

It is a BEAUTIFUL and HEART TOUCHING song ️️
<a href="">1:05</a>

Wow  so good bro        
Gazzab bhai
Awesome song as always ️

2022--&gt;still listening 
I love this song n lyrics n his voice ..par story nahi samajh aai...vasu

The legend bb 

My favourite Line- full song 
That moment when you realize that bhuvan bam&#39;s songs are 1000 times better than bollywood songs being produced these days. This is the best soulful song and a song which cheers up everybody ! Well done bhuvan bam ! Keep making more songs and keep growing !

What a wonderful audience Bhuvan has, he can get 40m views on abusive videos, but he has only 18m views on his fanbase.
This one is for Sona

Best song of all time

Great singer Bhuvan Bam sir i respect all singers but you&#39;re different. Your song is awesome and it&#39;s really amazing......                     Lots Of Love From Assam  Love With Sameer From Assam

Helo Bhuvan your all songs feeling deta h  so  cute , best voice Love you ....

bb what a song i got emotional really hats off to you bb

<a href="">1:40</a> is the movement when My throat started filling up and at last I had lost all control over my emotions. If you understand this song, you&#39;ll surely have tears rolling down.

Legends are listening this in 2022,May

Why didn&#39;t I found you earlier...you are such an amazing ️

What a beautiful song ️️
Seriously i wasn&#39;t aware of BBs music and songs......i was lucky enough tht I heard &#39;Sang hoon tere&#39; song in Pritam&#39;S PLAYLIST...... i am feeling blessed by listening this so beautiful song....Thank you Bhuvan.....we are &#39;Sang hai tere&#39;️

Never ever getting tired of listening this masterpiece ️. It just feels more new whenever I listen it.

I will always be with you Love you Bhuvan ️
I&#39;ve started feeling bad after this

It 19/4/22...and i m stilll listening to this song

Legends watching in 2022

Your voice ️️️️️️
There is no single time i watch this video without crying

Amazing song
Agar is song per hazaaron dafa like karnay ka option hota to me hazaaron dafa like karti
5 sal bad suna h first time I love this song bro h️

I didn&#39;t  get the ending what happed ?

Bhai Rula Diya Yaar
First time listeningYou are gem bhuvan bhaiyaDon&#39;t worry, your fans are with you and they both are with you too! We will make you proud and they will watch you being successful more than you are now! You are, you will legendLove you&lt;3

I&#39;ve seen this song 2 years ago but, after the dhindora series if I listen to this song I get emotional ... salute to u bro

Best song and voice 

Still getting goosebumps ️️️
A heart touching song ... it remind me of my favourite person everytime
I really didn&#39;t think that a 5 minute song and video can make me cry. Another underrated masterpiece BB!

This is masterpiece..after 4 years still rocking

This song is good.

I am waiting for 2022
Literally BB is supremely talentedSuperb Singer,Actor, Comedian, Youtuber,Song Writer and any more...hats off to BB️

Everytime I hear this song a small drop of tear came out from my eye ~ I don&#39;t have any word to tell U bro ️

Wish I could live my life leaving behind all the materialistic things behind.

Lyrics+voice that is needed for a song loved it  

Youtuber+singer+actor+voice artist+writer+little little dancerHe is literally full family pack . meeting him is a dream which will come true someday

The concept is so nice, the setting is so lovely, the song is so melodious and our BB is amazing.

Bhai I am 13 years old when I saw this song I couldn&#39;t stop crying

Don’t worry u are not only the one who is watching this MASTERPIECE in 2022.....

It&#39;s a masterpiece bhaiya...The story telling , your voice , the lyrics .....Even the poster has so much to express...*Masterpiece*...no words ‍️‍️

Underrated gem , loved it so much

Hey god i have one wish i have to met this star before dying then only i will rest in peace

Who is the sun in 2022 
This song is the one thing I listen in Every mood specially when feeling down and negative . This song help me to start a new life every time I think the world now does not deserve someone like him . Always love you Male by the way 

Listing since 2018 ️️
Uff BB killed it mind blowing BB️

Mere or mere boyfriend ki story in this song miss you Rishi ji
I love your every thing which you do coz you are an all-rounder and we found an amazing actor, musician, comedian and a great writer on YouTube and you are the only one who motivate every artist in india.....Thank you very much for all this......Thanks alot.

What a lovely song sir️️

There is a smile on everyone's face.
Sang Hoon Tere
Sang Hoon Tere
You are my home, you are my home.
Sang Hoon Tere
Sang Hoon Tere
hit my heart throught window of my soul

Listening to it Even in 2022 with the same vibes

soulful voice of my favourate SINGER, COMEDIAN, ACTOR,  YOUTUBER AND   ARTIST...............
One day I will definitely met you Bhuvan sir as your junior in my YouTube career. ️

I used to discuss about this song with someone speacill who is not with me now️

Yes I know that I am commenting late but now is the time i will tell him sang hoon tere forever.

My best friend recommended me this song I love this song now!!

This song.....hayeee..️brooo..i m so sad that i m listening to this song after 4 years....but kya fark padta h....this one is a masterpiece man..mann toh krta h bas sunti hi rhu yeh song........that line is my fav..baaton hi baaton mein tera yu muskurana..sang hoon tere , sang hoon tere..ayeeee hayeee hayeeee..!!!! BB is the best...️

What a man ,,, fabulous acting ,,, good singer ,,, lyricist ,,,,, ,,,,,,INCREDIBLE

Always you best ️️ love from Assam
I am getting addicted to this song..OMG I have not listened such a melodious song..it is a song that you will not get tired of listening...and bhuvan sirr...hats off..your voice has the emotions yaar...just outstanding...we the audience are also always &quot;sang hoon tere&quot;  .....

My mother keeps telling me sunti Rahu love you bb️️️️
Nice song bhai
I remember when I used to imitate this song completely like you. Time Flies 

Seriously this is a soul warming song 

It&#39;s 6:07 in the morning don&#39;t know why suddenly I remembered this song ....its been 4 years since I heard this song I was 12 back then but I still remember every line of this song even after 4 year . Thank you so much B.B you provided me a precious and unforgettable memory of my life

I am literally crying 

Can someone exaplain me the song and video. I can’t understand the language Love this ️

Without this song i can never fall asleep

 love you sir Big fanOne day i will meet you..... 
Best ever song to lighten the mood 

Anyday anytime listening to this makes all of us feel loved without anyone being around ️

Anyone here.... ️️️️️
If titu mama would play rock paper scissors then he would win

4 Years of the song but still in love with this masterpiece 

I listened this song more than 1000  and still listining ️️

Love love love
Here in 2022, still mesmerized my this masterpiece!

24 jan 2022

Starting part of the song feels like......Kaisi hai ye rut from Dil Chahta hai

great

so cool
Attendence 

You people are far far better than Bollywood heroes  and more deserving .

Legend listining in 2022
Ohhh my god watching this now

Bhuvan sir..... Before dying i wanna meet you oncee..... Best song ever herd in my life ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
One of the best song in the fcking universe

Just watched the video. I must say, lyrics are so well written that when song ends it brought up tears in my eyes. Hats off to BB.

still listening this song on 2022 even if dhindora has released this song is way more amazing than toota ek tara

Still fresh after 4 yrs️

Beautiful song...!!! Awesome BB..

From 13 january 2018 to 13 january 2022 i am still here listening this song....... ️

Love you
THIS SONG HAS A SEPARATE PLACE IN MY HEART! &lt;3

4 BEAUTIFUL YEARS OF THIS &quot;MASTERPIECE&quot;! ️
Still listening. It&#39;s 4years now but is same as it was 4 years back.

4 years of sang hoon tereOne of BB&#39;s masterpiece..️️
It&#39;s been 4 yrs now for this song.... Those were really good days.... Someone dedicated this song to me... But now it&#39;s all about memories...

Congratulation bb for 25 million ️
It&#39;s the song&#39;s 3 years anniversary &amp; I just came across it a week ago. Literally can&#39;t stop crying &amp; overthinking about it, its continuously playing on my mind since then. It&#39;s succha feel good song but the video &amp; storyline makes me hella emotional &amp; it&#39;s the first ever song which made me cry 

I can&#39;t explain that how much I loved this song ️

I Get Goosebumpswhile listening this masterpiece

3 years already 

See, there is a commotion in the whole city, you are mine…Listen, what are you saying, these cold winds are in my ears…I have found what I want, whatever I asked from God, it says that there are many lakes…No one gets life better than fate. I have found you in my dreams, I have found you in my first meeting... Whatever you ask for from God is said in a few lakhs. Every person got more than fate before fate. There is a smile on everyone's face, with you, with you, with you, you are my shelter, with you, with you (x2) Look, it is not like that. Samjho, I meet you in the corner of the world, Samjho, where there is a flower, there is trouble in the job, Samjho, you are the same flower in the world. Look at me.. Think, what will happen if you and someone else come to me. Think, what will be the celebration and what will be the meeting. Think, the smiling stars who will sleep with you. There is a smile on you in the bed, there is a smile on you, there is a smile on you, there is a smile on you, there is a smile on you, you are my home, there is a smile on you, there is a smile on you, there is a smile on you (x2)
I literally cried man after listening ur song....such a great and deep song... really appreciated man...keep it up...

After 3 years Still LOVE this song Not because It&#39;s BB (Because Most people just love him and I too do) but this song It&#39;s just really good

Story Hai Bhai  love  it  Most favorite
This guy has a magical voice that connect our mind with his songs literally after listening his emotional songs I cry because of that happened to me I really really appreciate this guy........... I wanna to meet him before dying....... Wow

It removes all my tension I hear this song after studies

I love your songs 
the lyrics are so beautiful, oi want someone to be this proud of mee

its 2022 and this song still is a masterpiece 

Brother, I am a big fan of his and I swear he has got his 1 autograph 
Db are you there

please i cried

Onima Kashyap is beautiful

Such a nice sense of humour Aur gaane ki tarif karne ki toh zarurt hai nahi...kyuki as u all know ki he is the best 

It's a very romantic song 
Heart touching song ️ very very very very amazing song 
very good jee
Ap rona nhi abꞌok ye lo puchiiii 
You are my favorite
I love you
Kaisi hai yeh rut

Amazing man he&#39;s got alot of talent bro I what to met you 

Superb song bb bhai
Wow yaar

Man ️
I listen daily this song ️
It has been 4-6 months listening to this song And it is a true masterpiece 

<a href="">3:42</a>
If Anyone didn&#39;t understood the story Go and Watch Ask BB episode 4, There bb explained the story.

What kind of route is this - Dil Chahta Hai
Good bro .....A ptoffesional music video

This is truly a masterpiece ️️

Actually, this isn&#39;t a song it&#39;s a gathering of emotions for me️Whenever I listen I can&#39;t stop my tears cuz I feel the every single line of the songnd my fav is&quot;socho agr  tum or me ek ho jye to kya hoga&quot;  it touches my soul

Unlucky that I came to know about this song after 3 years of its release.... But lucky that from now I can listen to this masterpiece till my last breath 

one of the favorite  song️

this song has my whole hearttt !!! 

I wanna meet you ️️
Watching after  dhindora song display in time square ️️️️️
Its make me cry

Sang Hoon Tere Now and Forever 
Sang hoon tere now and forever 

Great song  I love it personallyDon&#39;t listen  to haters You are awesome ️

Any one listening this in the end of 2021?

After 3 years I came here. It&#39;s not that I haven&#39;t heard you. I did before. But all of a sudden I heard you and Believe me,my eyes got wet️ Follower since your Beginn of YouTube 

Is sugarcane sweet? It will spoil everyone's mood 
Gajab song bhai maza aa gya... 
I want to see you I really yrr awesome you are great

Wow ,loved this 

Kya awaj hai yrr Mai ho gaya fan 
i wish I could meet u 
This Song

So my crush just dedicated me this song.. ️

Thanku bindas  for introducing  this song  to me ...I m still listening  to this song it&#39;s  still there 

Love you bb

Legendary song  



Ths song has a different vibe bhuvan and yes, bhuvan I love youuu
His acting singing a video story  osm this man deserves more more love ️

I have no words to appreciate it.
Hey, what more is left to do??
Nice song bro
Inka passion thaaa ki song banane kaa but inko judgo ne psnd nhi kiya behenxho

who is still listening this in 2021

that baaton hi baaton is the best part i can&#39;t express it your voice is just amazing the way you composed is just way goo

Bhot pyaare lyrics hai bhugan bhai

Bhuvan's father's voice is there
Before dying I want to meet this guy

There is also a flower which has blossomed in the garden ️......
Such a soothing song.. I listened after 3 years 

Waise to gaana badhiya h but <a href="">2:29</a> pr konsi misunderstanding thi samaj nhi aaya....

Beutiful song ️
listening to  this song after 3 years and still can feel the vibes.......bhuvan bhaiya u r such a fabulous singer.....lots of love.....

Best

Who listen after seeing dhindhora?

We can&#39;t get something better than this. Goosebumps!!!

U r great️️️️️
Amazing song bro
this song is now in my playlist....i love this song

who here after 3 years???...

<a href="">2:32</a>

tired of watching this bingo tedhe medhe ad everytime........

Last month of 2021, still I&#39;m addicted to this masterpiece ️

Much better than Bollywood songs ️

This song makes me so happy! :)

Love you bro

Mst

you are my idol

Your voice is so sweet just like honey and jaggery and before dying I want to meet you and your team

Love your song
The best BB Song till yet

Fantastic
I love this

its bhuvan ️️️
 this song is loveeee️️️️
awesome song(gulabi dil)

Hey! It&#39;s 24 Million ️️
I got goosebumbs while lessening this song

Bro arjit sing mt ban jana bs superb bro bhut hard ️
Dindora
<a href="">1:05</a> goosebumps guarantee️....
I love this song of bb more than his any other song...The lyrics and music is just too good. And the ending part is creative

Masterpiece ️
yoooo

I don&#39;t know why trash like yalgaar have more views than this  masterpiece

Indian “Johnny Depp” 
Bhuvan bam ️️ multi talented 
Awesome 

Today I found this wonderful song and I think I also want to become a singer now ️

Nice bro best singer in the world

Bhuban told me to meet him and said, 'No one can say anything'️️️️
release ke teen saal baad sun raha hu

Here after watching Dhindhora Ep.7

I lost my girlfriend last week. It came as a shock. There were lots of things to say but i couldn&#39;t. I hope she&#39;s fine where ever she is. Maybe it was destiny, but I am sure we&#39;ll get enough time together to spend when I&#39;m gone. Until then, what i got is her memories which will stay forever.️

Starting is like Kaisi hai he ye rut ki jisme...song!
Lovely
Beautiful song wowww..

Superb song  we just need to feel it ️️
Bhuvan sang hoon tere!!
Best song 
Such a lovely song️
I love you bhuvan
I love you

I like your song thanks for making a such a lovely song sir I want meet you please one time my dream it is

Bro your lit
One of the best songs  i have ever heard️

Thanks YouTube for recommend me this Masterpiece song of bhuvan sir ...

This song 

This song is such a gem..and also you are .

Only feel this song and his voice...... ️

Wow such a nice vibe

Nice

Who is lesioning in 2021

This song has my heart 

Guitar strumming sounds great in the song .. lyrics thik thik hai , singing has put great effort which made it sound good.. All over nice..

Guitar strumming sounds great in the song .. lyrics thik thik hai.. All over nice..

Love you bhuvan
havent heard a song as beautiful as it is

WAIT!! Why is this the most disliked video of Bhuvan  This is far better than majority of the Bollywood songs

Who else is frustrated from this bingo ad

Speechless melody
<a href="">2:59</a> i Smile
<a href="">2:45</a> i cry too much

Such an amazing song yar u seriously want to meet this guy

Nice song bhai
This video deserves so much more !! Also, those who disliked this video, I&#39;m sorry to say are absolutely heartless.

Your smile sang to me while I was singing to you. Just loved it ️ Awesome song 
Singer,lyricist,music all in one &quot;bhuvan&quot; 
If you are a fan of bb bro please like.....
The song is really nice.. Although it would have been better if it didn&#39;t have the upbeat touch to it. Everything else is brilliant 

Before dying me want to meet U  bhuvan bhai 

Waiting for that kind of brother who support me&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;............

Can someone explain the story in this song somehow i dont get it?

I love this song ️️
Before dying , i wanna meet him once .

Brother, I have to meet a human being before dying again…love you BB.
Same here
Mind blowing ️️
Pure nostalgic ️
Best ️ till
BB , I love it X 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 And I am being honest

This is really heart touching love from up

Best song till date ️
After dhindhora 
Masterpiece ️️️
Still a gold for me ️

I don&#39;t know why the fuck some pikachus say that in this song bb&#39;s voice is autotuned I am also a guitarist and musician and I don&#39;t think this song is autotuned 

Bhai ye best hai or 1 new song

This song gives goosebumps everytime I listen to it,even today.

I lost my Father.But this song gives me feeling of his presence

Watching in 2021 if yes then hit like

His song r betyer that tylor swift

Watching in 2021

Bhuvan bhai...it's a good song, you have explained your filling in a good way.
Whenever I put earphones and listen this masterpiece song it feels like heaven like in the morning tea with sun rising that wonderfull full of lovable and caring moments with partner bt most important is I don’t have girlfriends but it feels like with the song️️

Still anyone listening?

How can anyone even dislike this masterpiece 

Was this song private for a whileBecause I saw all the videos of bb But how I Miss this one 

Comment me if you have watched episode 5 of Dhindhora 
This song get more than view&#39;s from tonny kakar

Bhuvan bhaiya you never let me rule.
Bhuvan's father's voice is appreciated 
I can feel there is no autotune 

Ugh....not feeling well , but like the song, I mean I felt kinda emotional listening to it and....umm just leave it

 Awesome 
Yaaar!!! Why am I obsessed with him soooo Much....I just want to Hug him soooooooooooooo Tightly! 

ok so basically did he died in the end and that is why the girl is crying? (just curious)

And I am aware of this after 3 years 

Whatever you do, I like it very much  I wanna meet you 
Damn almost forgot this one just love this one when i first heard this song i was 14 and tbh I didn&#39;t understand the meaning of this video till i was 15 -_- pretty stupid lol but when i realised it i cried so so so much......

yrrr ..  amazing song... 
I can&#39;t believe ki log avi v isse sunne aate hain...mera fav tha 2018 janurary mein

The best song and video I have ever seen. Really Yaar bhuvan sir is so talented what a emotional story any one would cry seeing this and what a voice he is a singer + comedian. Trust I thought he is just giving bad words in his video but when I started seeing his video there was a lot of fun and lesson to be learned. And all the songs and video&#39;s just fabulous.

We are lucky that YouTube has gifted us BB

Song is better than any rap artist..

Ohhhh yeahhhhhh

I have been listening to him till now
I like darshan raval voice and your voice

You made me cry, soo emotional
Beautiful song, so touching

Bb

Me to the dislikers: kaun hai ye log kaha se aate hain ye ?      By the way great aong bhuvan sir

Bro we all want to see u in bollywood ad singer,actor,lyricist and etc.

Sooooo.... In  with ur voice BB....

Can anyone explain what happens in song....why girl cry at end... eagerly want to know 

Beautiful song....I love it 
My fav. Song 
This song gives me goosebumps every time i hear it

Song was good but I did not understood the story.

My fav Youtuber always close to my heart ️
How many here in 2021 after seeing replies to haters vedio 

Maja aa gaya vancho 
No one has got more luck in life than luck!!!!!!
Bhuvan u r a gem️
I love this song and video so underrated

Hum sab tere sang he ChoteLove u man FantasAgar aapki koi best friend k sath breakup  hua hein toh koi vdo banana uske upar plz 
I am totally addicted to this......I come everyday to just clean my ears... And I Always curse the industry that Why Is He Soo Underrated As Singer... He is One of the Best Indian Singer Not Saying him because he is famous .... I am saying is this because he is asome 

Johnny Depp reminds me of seeing you
@bb ki vines, please upload a guitar version of this song. You sang some of  it with only guitar in a pinkvilla video. That was awesome.So please.........  Love always 

Ngl iss knows that Baboot is going to judge h
Bring titu mama

Full f talents

I like it yrr soo good wive

Brother, I used my sarangi there…..meaning, my heart started singing.
Most beautiful song
One small request to BB to add this song to Wynk Hellotunes and all other BB originals

This song of bhuvan bam is soothing balm to head after hearing nonsense dhinchak remix songs

I wanna meet this guy once️️️
Nice 
I don&#39;t know why I feel Nostalgia whenever listlisten this song

3 yrs baad fir se is masterpiece ko sunne agaye hum..

Favorite song ever.  Love you BB Bhaiya

INDIA found its 2nd arijit singh ️

What a song...real song I apologise that I listen this song so late...hatts off to BB...️️

This is a masterpeice and words just cant explain this song its an emotion in itself

This song is really a masterpiece . I love it 

I love this song 

This is the best song of your&#39;s 

Got addicted to this song in 2021

Listing this song in 2021

How jealous would your girlfriend be?
the video and ur voice bb, it made me cry uff :,)we love u soo much bb, thanks for this wonderful album!

I absolutely love this song it&#39;s on loop on my Spotify  for some reason this calms me and gives me a whole different vibe together....My top 3 favourites ha e to be Sang hoo tere Heer Ranjha Teri meri kahani 

Congrats bro for your  increase ️

Op

It became my most favourite song , I don&#39;t know how good or bad you sang but this song is &quot;the closest&quot; to my heart ..........Please come once at kolkata , would love to meet you bhuvan .....And hate those people who hates you .....Lots and lots of love from kolkata ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
It was time one month before 12th exams. Me and my friend used to study late nights. A lot of pressure and winter exhausted us. And this was the song who helped us.

Miss you maaaaaa ️
This guy ( bb ) is super talented man , he plays all the characters in his videos and he&#39;s an opp singer and I loved the +pinus movie by Bhuvan bhai . Proud of you bb and love bb ki vines

What a song bb bahi  I am just 15 year old and I cried

This is supeb 
It's LIT  aur kitna deep story thaaa
Bhaiya maine pehle apki Music sunni thii then apka abhi video dekha

I genuinely  wanna meet u...

<a href="">3:00</a> If you don’t understand y he is playing Guitar at a Restaurant it’s because before he started YouTube he used to play Guitar as a professional at Pubs and Concerts

I really feel that we have got BB as a gift in disguise for our generation. I say so because there are so many YouTube content creator who came into this field by looking upon him and his work. Truly a blessed and unique person. May God bless you abundantly and there is no word to describe the beauty of this song.

Who is after Dhindora song

Very good

I am falling your song 
Still fresh 
Best song ever️
my favourite .........................song ️️️️️️️️
Fabulous  
Milgya acha aloo
Did you find anyone?
Mil gaya acha aloo
Such a cute music video 
This line gives me goosebumps always Love you bb ️
Nyc songg listing it after such a tym later Loved it 

Thank you Bhuban sir. The way the sun is shining every day... I remember this song in my heart.. You are very talented sir... &quot;When you smile, you smile with me, you are my home, you are my home, with you&quot; I am also his friend... he is your friend, he is your friend, and you are his friend Rahunga&quot;
Awesome. But my favourite is bas mein

Walking in the wind is nxt

Yea m saying nxt

Or tell me too quickly, you are too slow.
Next song ?
Napgur ?

M a very chacha bachcha
So that I can kidnap youuuuh 
So friend tell me where are you from
Yep it is

Just hear this song is good I think

Nevah knew this existed!!thnxx

Late

.

...

Bhuvan Bam U r Osome Bro 
This is the most most beautiful song I ever heard KIU BB u will be always in my heart 

It&#39;s been 3 years, but my love for this song is still the same

Thousand times better than Dhiru Monchik and Fukra Inssan&#39;s song .. 

such a refreshing song and lyrics ........feeling better after listning this ......thank u bhuvan .@BB Ki Vines

2018 hits different for me. I feel like I&#39;m trapped in time and wanna go back there probably the best year of my life 

This song always brakes my heart 

There was a time whole school bus used to sing this one in chorus Time flew

Love this song ️️️
I used to listen this after my breakup

On the last scene i litererly got goosebumps

I listened this song when it was first released and genuinely loved it but at that time i had no one to relate it to but now i have someone to whom i can relate each and every sentence of it

BB️
Only I feel that the same house shown in the video is the same house shown in the song Zindagi of Carry 
Awesome Video Of BHUVAN BAM

The music at almost all points syncs with the video. The music arrangement is really precise and accurate . One can find various instances where the video speaks for the audio .Excellent!

Idk who are these 26K people who have disliked this masterpiece video️

this song is so special and always close to my heart thank you bb

️️I love so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so much bhuvan bhaiya️
Yaar, Ek launda itna talented kaise ho sakta hai yaar, For me and millions, You are the king of youtube. And kasam se bhai, you are really ( really really really really really really )^9999999999999999999999 great. Love you forever, and please mumbai jaldi aana

Anyone In October 2021?

This song is awesome,it touch my heart 

I can&#39;t  deny that bhuvan  bam gives me my lifes  1st love track which I genuinely  like not like because  others do or jst because  it&#39;s  famous....

BB bhai serving us as usual!

3years passed, but i still hear this song everyday

What a fabulous composition and direction. After hearing this song my love and respect for you increased a lot 

Really  bhuban  i am your biggest and very biggest fan really      ,,,,,    lots of love you

Still listening
Sang Hoon tere️
Multi talented ️️️️
Bb always trying his best... Love you bb  
this song is soo good 

After  listening to  this  i  remember that   i m still  single

Multi talented guy

I have been following BB ever since I got 700k+ subscribers...or now I feel like watching BB
I listen this song everyday this is the most close to my heart

Much love bb️️
bhuvan!! how ? you have no rights on this earth to write such a beutiful song . i   hear this song when  i am happy ,sad,broken . this is just  unreal bro .    WoW 

Jod

Mere dil ki dhadkan tej ho jati hai jab bhi gana sunta hon kyunki is gane se meri itni sari memorial juri hai Wo college life, hostel life wo winter season aur kambal ke andar headphone and this song what memory

Who is listening this song after dhindora trailer This song is always close to my heart 

I still hearing this song for past 3years and it&#39;s never boring or old

What a song 

This song is beyond words ️

Bhuwan Bam is carrying legacy which will  last forever after he will leave this world... That&#39;s the only thing a true artist desire for.. He is inspiration for this generation n will be inspiration for upcoming generations.. 

Love you bb

Amazing
love always

To those Kashyap 
Anyone from October,2021 ?

Lot&#39;s of love ️️
Love you bb ️️
Awesome

we always with u bb now and forever  love u

pichle 3 yrs se this is my fav song :)

Nice 
The song I really great and the story is also great but sing a lil faster  and it sang hoon tera not sa bhu tera.

Bb smilies with dimples and his eyes ahhhh I&#39;m having a lil crush on  HIM

Masterpiece

Waiting for new song of urs

You are my favorite bb please mid one time

He is just brilliant ️

Today first time listening your song Ossum voice and this song should get oscar

Such a cute song

Sang hu is song ke ️️️️
This is the actual song I can listen 24/7 I&#39;m not even lying . This song is legit , I love the story but after watching the video song I was so sad . We love you BB , this song is so close to my heart 

I get surprised that how can one person have these many talentHats off to u bbBiggg fannnWanna meet u

I just felt this song Lovely

This song 

Fabulous dude
You have to sing to someone who makes you feel happy. Forget all the worries
When is it 2021 brother?
Everything is fine, but what is the problem in life? What if watching all this content spoils the mood? I keep watching the Holi party video again.
I cried 
Tht girl is too lucky 

Why bb is so cute yaar i love him so much maine unke saare videos dekhe hai gaane har din sunti hui i just want to meet him once in a life time.  Bb keep shining  love you  hope to see you screen  and aapke saare gaane bhut ache aur lovly emotional hote hai that sometimes make me cry too  god bless you hope aap ye comment khbi padi 
Bhuvan
Koi banda itna talented kaise ho skta hai. BB Is  god&#39; gift to the earth ️

there is some singing
Wonderful 
Unrecognised talent good singing

hes the only youtuber who can make comedy videos and sing well .

Shubhu ️
Bhuvan you guys look so cute toghether.️
Stress,tension,worry - sorry your time is gone Love this song

Nostalgia ️
opopopopopop song
Only few ppl know this song was shoot in Nepal

Mast song h sir
BB has a golden heart I&#39;m already his big fan but this song is just  . Can&#39;t express in words.......

This is roket and yalgaar is nano car. Hear the beats,  feel the music man

Listening this song again in 2021.... Again this song brings me some happiness....

Sang hoon tere is the best song ever....I used to vibe with this song..

Finnally ajj  mene  bhi ye song sun liya sirf bhubhan  ke liye love u alots

BHAI TUMNE TO RULA DIYA

Very emotional song

I come here every day to listen to this song 

<a href="">3:41</a> literally goosebumps

Amazing song 
One Day I want to meet Bhuvan Baam
Doesn&#39;t this song has a vibe movie &quot;Dil chahta hai&quot; song &quot; kaisi hai yeh Rut ki jis mei&quot;...

I just got to know about his parents, Having been living without parents i know how it feels like.. My heart goes to him.. I feel like maybe i could do something for him,make him feel good or something as a gesture. This feels like a personal loss to me as well. May God give him more strength and more success. 

MASTERPIECE BY BHUVAN BHAIYAA

I feel this song for my Nani and Nana

listening this song while writing my assessment now I can write it forever

Bakwas

Masterpiece 
Bb pls make next music video with barkha singh......

I am falling in love with this guyimagining myself in place of the girl

I am from pakistan i wish i come india to met you

addicted to this song

Bb is more cute than expected 

Literally listening to this song everyday either on spotify or on youtube.One of my favourite songs and now this is my phone&#39;s ringtone too.Love u BB 

I hardly able to control my eye drops.

Hii subhroo
Vibe of this song, oh  just awesome 

Bhuvan bro you are coming! actually you should try bro plz go to bollywood
We Love You Bhuvan
YO 
This song is totally relatable ️️ to me

Awesome song Bhuvan sir
Rip to your mum dad bb, this vid is something which stays in my heart ️️️

Brother very tagged️️
the last scene made me cry

I miss you Samuu 
Love you bb

vibes are so good

I have listened this song for 10 times but never felt bored

Things brings a wave of nostalgia: secretly listening to this song under a blanket, with headphones and no lights. Pretending to be asleep, with a loud smile on my face, knowing I have to go to school the next morning. Bhuvan will always be the one thing my generation was gifted.

Shit song get 500M views but this masterpiece deserves alotLove you Bhuvan bhaiLots of Respect

Bb bhai song verrrrrrrrrryyyyyyyyyyy nice
I wish i can see BB in  bollywood soon

this song made me more single ;(  Thats my favourite song by the way love you Bhuvan Bhai

live this song

Heart touching song Love you BB bhai from west bengal



This make me cry every time 

Fudu a sala song da
Sai hai ye
There is no such video brother's which I have watched 300 plus times. Even half of YouTube time is spent on BB videos.
Hello

Bhuvan Bam, I love you so much &amp; ​I am big fan of yours. I am from Nepal. I just love to watch you and your videos. I always search videos related to you. I  had watched your all videos. I loved them and all are very funny. I&#39;m always waiting for a new videos. you are a great singer, when i am alone your song is my frnd and you are  one of my fav singer from India.

 If possible, in future I want to meet &amp; interact with you . I am big fan of yours and love you so much.

I love you bb 
What is your speech Bhuvan bhai ️️️️️️️️️
Yo yo honey Singer

legend will be back soon , also your crown misses you BB

Very heart touching song 

Im jealous of that girl in the song cz she got a chance to kiss BB I want to meet BB at least once in my lifetime️

Don&#39;t worry you&#39;re not the only one who&#39;s listening to this masterpiece in 2021️

Best song
bhuvan&#39;s songs is 1000times better than tony kakkar songs

Brother, I think you are writing this without saying ️️
Op

Literally 
Love you Bhuvan bhaiyya️️
First time I saw this song on TV 

Must Love ️
This is a very good song. You are a great singer.Big fan sir ️

I wanna meet you. My dream will come true

Heart touching song ️

bhaiya this is my favorite song............please make another one like this............please......please
I&#39;ll meet you in 2022

That girl is so lucky....
Bhai Kitna talented hain yaar tu

The only song that will give positive vibes 

Legend  are watching song 2021 

Not even 1Million likes...
This guy is so talented he makes songs and make comedy videos to

Such a masterpiece by a legend ️

Bb always won aur hearts 

Plz back BB
Literally Cried while Listening to this song....BB bhai we love you!!!!!

Let&#39;s be honest don&#39;t you all think that this song is a masterpiece..Agree or not ?

Jinke sang rehna chahte the unki yaad aagyi  still listening this song in 2021

nice song bb
Simpley masterpiece ️
This is a masterpiece

I am crying continue 1hour
Still listening this song from last 3 years . LOTS OF LOVE BHAYA 1

bro so excited for dhindora

Still a masterpiece ️
It made me cry for all most half hour

It&#39;s been 3 years but ye song aj tak Naya he batto hi batto me tera yu muskurana sang hu tere love this

Best of the best every video ........I can&#39;t live video without comment that&#39;s the power of ur video big fan .....

Fact : the world ain&#39;t that mature for this song ️ ! Dumb humans 

Bhai epic

I want to see this man as a hero in a bollywood film

WoW

Bhuvan bhaiya we miss you ..love you always
Brother Feel Karwa Diya ️
Wow. What a talent. Unbelievable!!!!!!️️️️
After 3 years, I heard this song once again, today I am very drunk, society doesn't care what to do, I am about to break up with my girlfriend, this is the reason of corona,
That crying seen of BB at car is insane.

Just feel this .......love you BB 
Toh iss gaane mei exactly kya hua?

brother I don't want to cry
I&#39;m in love with this song

Bhai salute u yaar u are amazing bro u are the best singer in the world 

Brother, when I listen to your iss video, I start crying.
The most addictive human and his song in the world..

I m speechless..
I just want to meet this guy am huge fan of you BB ️

Why is this song so underrated...One of the best ️

Why is this song so underrated...One of the best ️

Main apne 1.5gb ka 1gb roz bhuvan sir k purane songs nd old video dakhke khatam kharta hu..want to meet this guy atleast 1time before my death

Loved the song.

For the first time, I had to think so much before typing a comment...everyone has talent, believe me, everyone has brains, only doing justice to same and keep believing in yourself will get you to taste the success or some ratio of success. I am so happy for BB insane lady and Carry too and so many great you tubers who work so hard so hard that so many people may not realize, that without nepotism which runs in all industries they made it big. I am also watching BB interview on film companion while listening to the song and lyrics carefully of this song, all you youtubers, even BBK who expressed his graph going slow, should never never never think negative and get worried about loosing your subs or likes to competitors, competition is good that gets the best out of you and improvise you. And you people have achieved a lot i mean insanely lot, so many peole love, aur kya chahiye yaar to die in peace

Sab theak tha srip tal se tal nihe mila

Watching this song in 2021 as well bhuvan i dnt knw why, but there is something u got in to yourself yaar i like many celebrities but never felt to meet them, but dnt knw y i wanna meet u once in my lifetime..........

Axxe logo ke saath hee aisa kyuu hota hnmay soul of his mother and papa rest in peace ️
To my Lovely wife 

Last seen️
Legends watch after 3years

Kankar ko 100 million Aur talanted bhuvan bhai ke liye bas 20 million that&#39;s not good. He deservers 100 million i think How many of you agree

You listen to all our songs even today, Bhuvan, please make songs ️️
Bb please give me ️
I don&#39;t understand whose medical reports are those BB&#39;s or the girl&#39;s

loved it 2018, still loving it in 2021!!

Listening to this song always make me happy ️️️

We want new vdo

Didn&#39;t expected the twist at the end

Love you bb

Last wish.. To meet you once in my life 
Who listening this in July 2021 ️️.....

This song totally machine my life 
Way better than Tony cooker poems 
Very nice 

Bb lyrics is nice

<a href="">3:15</a> ️
The song gets more overwhelming as it reaches the last part.. I didn&#39;t want it to finish Bhuvan bhaiya lots of love to you

@bindas_girlever my insta id plzzz follow me lzz 

Too nice to say
i love this song when i heard it at first time

Mero ritika kati ramri, best in the world ️

This song is one of my favorite. Mere liye ye gaana kabhi puraane nahi hoga 

Is sure your real gf
BB u r d best. i love listening to ur songs. stay strong!!

This guy is really a legendLuv u bhuvan bhai️️

I am gonna mad I really listen this song more than 500 times this is a magic of bb&#39;s music  we love you very much️

We will always miss your parents 

What is the name of the child who is eating fruits?
I wish here I would there with BB️I can date him too

Music  heart touching
Still love and listen this song after 3 years

Yr Bhai U r LEGEND  love u
stay strong bb , we are w you

It deserves more views and likes

Music lyrics and singer is bb man this guy is a multi talented

This bb is fabulous guyy ️️️
I don't know what is this miracle of nature. The human being who makes people happy by entertaining people, why did he choose his happiness. RIP for Bhuvan Bam's Parents. We love you Sir.
I suddenly hear this song in my friends phone and I love this song and after knowing this song sing by bb this song is my favorite song ever..!

It&#39;s never the same it is? We take everything for granted and do not understand its importance until it is too late. Start loving yourself and everyone around you. Spread Love not Hate. &lt;3

BB your parents are singing to u &#39;sang hoon tere&#39; from the heaven ️. They are with you... FOREVER 

Carry ka yaalgaar ain't even a thing.
BB needs our support, he lost his parents during covid &#39;hum Sang hai tere&#39;️️️
Love you bb ️️
Love this song ️&lt;3

This song made me live ️ Thank You

This masterpiece deserves more !! Love you bb ️

This masterpiece deserves more !! Love you bb ️
