Ranger singh is sayin how did it happen. It’s not his.

Hnm okyooo.I know a lot of people are angry in Bollywood more especially the guys that date priyanka chopra.look at how she is so happy ,progressing and happy her husband sing for her.hahhahaha.we love you all .

Better  to stay away from Bollywood  movies.

The what queen?

She is a druggie

all druggies and mafia gang

83

Luv to seen her as Mom in real lifeNon only roshan/ deepu movie please in theater no in Netflix

Exited for all her movies 

I AM EXCITED FOR SHAKUN BATRA MOVIE.
I dont lik
We don&#39;t want to watch any of her movies. Why you showed a baby image?

I thought she is pregnant

Fighter and super30

What’s Wrong with theses Actress’s they r showing their Big Tommies.But some how theses women r not Pregnant.Many times I had seen her showings her Almost full terms Same times they r showing Katrina’s Big Tummy Too &amp; also I had seen Nick Jonas His Wife Pregnant So How comes theses women have Movies coming up &amp; Same Times theirs Babies too .So what’s the Truth behinds theses shocking Women .......Thank u ?....Canada

All of them

God bless you Deepika Padukone

She is good if she stop taking drugs

Very happy for you&#39;ll guys but wait tell sushant murderer come to book then shoot the movies

Dude I thought you were saying deepika is pregnant

For alll️
PATHAAAAAN

Stop promoting these gaujedies...# boycot bollywood...go to hell dipika...do some true and wholheartedly charity for those orphan kids who were used by yr colleagues,and spoiled thier life....

Deepika you are great and so beautiful actress in Bollywood

She&#39;s just holding a baby that doesn&#39;t mean she is pregnant it&#39;s just a cute picture

Waiting for pathan

83 movie

None of these

God I thought she was pregnant as she put a baby image on the cover

Just eagerly waiting for PATHAN and FIGHTER ️

excited for 83 because I&#39;m a big cricket lover

Smoky evening is showing in cover that she is pregnant....but actually is something else......they are doing to increase views️

Deepika best
Imagine a heart from smoky evening

nashedi ganjhedi boycott
Not interested in bollywood movies now

Plz can I get a heart️
So she&#39;s not pregnant

What is with everyone holding a baby and not pregnant smoky event u need to come of u tube

There is no one like her in the bollywood industry now

Waiting for fighters and pathan

Druggies

May all the success be yours. I love you, Deepika!

Can I get a heart ️ from smoky evening

10th comments

Will not see any movie of here

Noice

Excited??For none Also can I get a heart from smokey evening??

I thought she was pregnant

Love Deepika..She is the Best️Eagerly waiting for her movies..

Good no lies in this vids

3rd comment

Can I get a heart from smokey evening

