Slhsuqa
Kareena buddhi
Everyone should be sent to Kamathipura.
Sir ap mujhko ye btao ap bolo ok hai mujhko use koi problem nhi hai but kapdo ke upar mat bolo ajkal sab where karte hai sir

Bhopal mp

Who said Sonam is a fashionista...?? She&#39;s spreading the rhetoric herself.  Bollywood women are just copying Hollywood stars..  Anyone who copies someone else is NOT a fashionista.  Monkey see...Monkey do.!! . Draw ur own conclusions.

Me from jharkhand

ASSAM

Sahrsa Bihar
GOTALLY SHAMELESS LADIES. Why did Shushant come to Gandgi's hell? ISLAMIC STATE OF GUTTERWOOD.
Pakistan

chal be chutiye...kisi k lye acha nhi bol sakta to bura mat bol...sab lariko k kapre theek hai wo bollywood actresses hai...unhe ye sab kapre pehne parte hai tu faltu me badnam kr de unko...hat bilkul achi nahi teri video...poora punjab ab toojhe troll karega...

Salman here from Karachi

Up bro 
Congratulations  for 100  k subscribers

pariniti chopra sabsa gandi heroine
Hi Nice Video

Nagi.asi.lage
i am from malearkotla Punjabi

from Akola Maharashtra
If you take such a picture then it will be worse or you will lose it.
I am watching from Mumbai
BAKWAS

Chawul log kpry ni milty

There is a very dirty thing in India, such short clothes should be worn on the band, Jai Shri Ram, whatever the occasion, this is the curse of our country, the law of performing the crime of honoring the blind, Jai Hind, Jai Bharat, Jai Shri Ram
What kinddo science forum is this. What I suggest you to change ya channel name to lust forum.

Dino Galt hi

Father, how many times have you been there?
In these 10 heroes, no one has had the same, even Besharam has had the same.
If they don&#39;t have any Problem so Why you are commenting their dresses.

Who are you to judge girls dressess

These are all modern day prostitutes, everyone has their own way, they show everything to the whole world and those who are systematic, show it only to a few people, unless it is seen, it will not sell, how do they have to promote their film. Neither will you have to show something different.
Poysa wala ka kuch farak nehi porta hai ??

What to do and how to earn money
So what's the matter? She wears a bikini in the movie.
I am from USA

Bihar
So bad dress
Very bad 
Kanpur

Kapda nahe pahnna chahiya tha

Very bad

Ye lisensi whore hoti hai
It is there lifee wo jo chahe wo kr skte aap kaun hote h unke upr ungli uthane wale y koi mtlb ni h ki subscribers k liye kuch bhi video bnaogee plzz keep in mind that aaise chiz uske parents b dekhte h video...... N what do u mean my sb kuch dikha diyaa sb kuch kya hota h....

Behaayi ki bhu hai. There is no difference between father, brother, husband, father-in-law or son.
Morena mp

They both are wrong

I m from Kashmir

A village girl is better than a heroine and she feels pain all over her body.
kolkata

,

See guys we should not judge them by their clothes it&#39;s there profession they hv entered in bollywood industry for makeup glamour clothes and these clothes are not bad they look good it&#39;s our fault that we r seeing it with a bad mentality kindly pls stop such types of nonsense things

Gujarat
Good

What do you know, what kind of trick or trick do you find girls to make you fall into the trap of sexy?
What do you know, what kind of trick or trick do you find girls to make you fall into the trap of sexy?
Let's eat this Shab
Ya ranbee hl

Be kar he hiroin

<a href="">6:08</a>

6:8

6 :8

<a href="">9:15</a>

Dono ki hi galti h kapdhe achhe pehne chahiye

Gajipur
Photo grafe ke galti h use aase photo nhi killik nhi krni charye thi

Shraddha our direction ko kuch mat bolo tum ko bas hai sab video banane aata
bihar
Mind your own business. It&#39;s their choice to wear the clothes they want, they dont need to ask you for all this

Rajasthan or mahro rajasthan hi sabsu acyo h

Please don't forget to drink as much as you can while watching cartoons.
Deepika rocks

Pakistan

That's it
Poor
Here the faces of rape are divided
Kyu sa  bol ta ha wow to kud ka Margi hana

We are from Bhusawal of Maharashtra
I&#39;m watching from Arunachal pradesh

Mukesh.patel.quite.hi.
Meerut UP
Good morning him

Figur poora dikhaa do re
What kind of a bitch does this father keep on loving his daughter like that?
Bhikari  hi to hai

Very bad video it is not oops movement ok bad video very bad . its their life so whatever they want they can wore.....

Ea sab vasya hay
Degree Mother and father's elder children act like this, their children act in the same way, they say that we are shopping, we are having fun in the name of shooting and every heroine wears as many clothes as she thinks that my name is Roshan. You are showing nothing to anyone, you are showing everything and after showing you are making your name shine, what is the use of shining your name like this, then show off your clothes first after my public act, you are making it like this, you are saying this to the government. Take action Thank you girl, she thinks that I am worth wearing such small clothes, my name will be Roshan, you will find out whether the name is Roshan or not, because you are publishing, how much did she do, and to see, she sent an FIR. Why do you think that you are the main mistake now in the public city, the media say that you are famous, why are you famous like this?
Bollywood's Jeroen Jan Bukhkar does this
Hirvr.log.ka.chlta.aaj.ka.ldakbegad.rahi.ha
Anil kapoor is a poisonous smell and sonam gandhi is 
from Jalandhar
From Nagaland

Photographer galat use  is  tarah ke photos nahi  nikalne chahie the

Sab ke sab pagal Hai bigde hue aulad hai 

Half mind girl

Aalia is banger
They're gone
exposure is their business
Delhi if you dance
Vip

Us 1janary 2022.14.

Us invited 1 January

Indian

Sare

30 fb thrush
Renwan sarkar .restaurants.gopal kumar sharma.chotu da.29.fb

29.fb

Lord on the water
Bollywood actors heron

Invite

I love you

Bashram hai ya sarai heroiens
This heroine is worse than a whore
Photographer should not take such photos
Don't have parents, should you feel ashamed, name is big, philosophy is so bad
Brother, you keep telling me, yaa aaaaaaaa ka rahe ho.
I feel compelled to rap Tabhi to the boy.
Very bad

Rajasthan... 

Good
Why should I wear such clothes?
Delhi
UP

Are all the people wearing the same clothes and applok to whom the video is made?
Let's decide for a long time what the girls should wear.
Now take this now
If you know, this is a movie..you know what is in our movie..how famous is that movie..I am making the same technique...but here it is for everyone. All the stars of Bollywood are doing this......everyone has gone mad. Vai..a little more money will be given..na…to this log I will hit the ground…and I will be on the stage… Understand Vai..
Varanasi
Ye kapade nahi pahane to hi aachha hai
When you start wearing such clothes, you will be visible to everyone.
Katrina Kaif galat
No

Dono galt
Photographer is wrong Katrina is right

Disha patani is hot bomb
New Delhi
Brother, why do these people wear clothes?
From Bahrain 🇧🇭🇧🇭
B R

I am from nepal Kathmandu

Assam

Ghanta stylish hai sonam
Sat sali dhandhewali h
Please change your vulgar mentality 

But you should wear some clothes
Inka hi yehi h, we can't scold anyone for commenting.
Katrina kafe glt he

Ladies ladies ladies ...........what are yo girls trying to PROVE.....if you ask me it’s a bunch of bullshit, disgust , shamefullness, inappropriate, utter stupidity,  childish, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, I can go on and on and on......  you see even English actresses like  Marilyn Monroe,  Julie Andrews ,Joan Collins , Elizabeth Taylor ,Audrey Hepburn,   Sophia Loren Natalie Wood,  , Helen Mirren, ,,,,,,Kate Winslet , Catherine Zeta Jones , Keira Kneightley,   Emma Thompson,  Nicole Kidman, Sandra Bullock,  Sharon Stone, Penelope Cruz.  Mila Kunis ,  The List goes on and on,,,,,,,,,these actresses and many many more........ are Classy, Classic and have a little bit of danger ️ to them also,........the way some Indian actresses dress  is just absolutely terrible ,  I have no idea what you girls are trying to prove , it’s not pretty  and it’s inappropriate........You girls can do better,,I can name some names of appropriately dressed actresses in Bollywood,,,,,,BUT...&quot;...you girls would be jealous and it can start cat  fights,,,,,,,,,it’s come to that silliness .......you girls can dress  Dangerously,  but it should be classy and elegant,  who said you can’t show a little leg or cleavage.   But it must be done  in grace and elegance.Girls don’t compete with each other it just causes pain and Anxiety  nothing else.Stay safe and strong .  I am proud the strong   roles you girls  play these days , but just a little more dignity. You may do it for the money  but in the end it’s not worth it .  Characters fade away but don’t let yourself fade away.......Look at Shushant Singh Rajput....his Character in Movies...and in Real Life.......He  will never Fade Away..........Bollywood is better for having Shushant in it’s Presence and History.  Girls be happy ,   Be yourself and stay Grounded.   Love  and take care of yourselves 

Bihar sir
Kolkata

Myanmar
Sam  u

From india

I moved from Gujarat
I am from assam

Congratulations for 100 k subscribe

Punjab
We want part 2

Nepal

Photo nai click karni chahiye

Are you brother, what is your problem?
Varun why should this life be buried? She is my favorite actorMere favorite actor why should this life be buried?
bollywood actress are no less than street hookers

karina kapoor is a walking toilet. ha--ha

Shame to Anil Kapoor, the way he stood with her half-naked daughter.

Photragrapger
Ase kabra nahi pan chai
So what has happened to your earnings, the girl wearing her earnings has opened her ass and is giving it to someone on the street to steal and even if you scream like this, they will not notice any difference.
Pagal sale
Photograph is wrong 
Kalahandi, Odisha
xi

If there is no shame for those who find out, then how can those who take photos be shamed?
Bakwas h bollywood 

Bollywood is the dirtiest place in the world
Watiching from Fiji

Ujjan sa
Because of park hair and showing my under garments me ki canada main rahati 
Alia    crazy
Tiger Shroff is my favourite hero I love you tiger Shroff ️️️️️
Shraddha Kapoor is my favourite heroine

GUTTER TATTI GUTTER Kachara 
Uttarakhand

What voice is there sir really impressive ️️️
Katrina Galt Hain or photo grapher Sahi️

Pagalpanti 1
Nuts
Yah fashion high level Nasha ka din 
Parideeti is good. Why don't you say anything about it?
In logo ko Sharm to he nahiInko famous jo hona he

jalandhar city
There is only one prostitute in Bollywood.
Nilajgaon

Now I cry brother
I am from Chandigarh

Delhi
Photographer k click nh krna chahiye tha

<a href="">8:15</a>

<a href="">6:34</a>

Biharpurnea
Tripura Agartala
I am from Gujarat??Where are you from?????

Baramati
Photography

D time
Indian

Curse are such stars for heaven's sake
U are rubbish actually speaking, koi insaan jaan ke kuch nahi karta i am a girl we have breast stop this and better u shut up apne khud ke subscribers dekh chutiye unke ghar ke bahar isse jyada bhed hoti hai publicity ki zarurat unhe nahi hai

This is not a cloth but a rag which beggars keep hanging on their body.
Abe uske kapde tujhe kya

Background music name please

Foto grafar

I don&#39;t like dress
You...the guy doing the commentary...U have an AMAZING voice and l LOVE ur commentary style. .  Lage raho....

Canada se...These poor women are so insecure that they have to show body parts to get attention.  Otherwise nobody would give them a second look. 

Alia Bhatt Bhan Ki Lodi Hai
everyone's boss is everyone
It's good that I don't wear clothes.
Jaipur se

छी छी ही
Boycott boycott Bollywood Justice for SSR
Of all these, Shiva has nothing left to show to anyone except him.???????????? jay hind. .....,Har Har Mahadev
All madarchod h.
I am from USA ur very 

The mother who made the video will fuck
Pakistan

Good luck to back from code send me please

I am from Maharashtra Mumbai

it's true
M

Yfu4hf4

From Bihar 
Love

All the girls here are prostitutes
Nice

Tell the heroine to improve her hair and wear it later.
Sonam is completely exhausted and can go to any extent to get the film.
Bakwas video hai

Nagpur
Only you speak. no evidential pictur

Balod c.g.

NUTHING ALL THING S ARE RUNING IN BOLLYWOOD

Ho my 
Gujarat aamdavad
Haldwani

Shame on you heroines
Dipikk

Shameless.  They surely must be druggists

Up

Hiii

I am from Kolkata.
it is true
I&#39;m Hyderabad
Bihar
MP

Orissa
BUXAR.BIHAR  VERY GOOD

Gurpreet from Ludhiana

What is the difference between me and Vaisyaye?
Osm

Sonam....you are NOT a fashion icon.  Wearing outrageous clothes does NOT make you a fashion icon.  It just shows you&#39;re hungry for attention.  Bechari Sonam. 

Aishwarya aur Amitabh ka DONO ka rishta tha...Phir aisa kyon hai k Aish ko hi koi pasand nai karta...Amitabh ko kyon ni na-psand karte.?? (M From Canada)

Katrina is so wrong
