The subject did not let go of the lion, he practically forced it to eat it, he had it grabbed with his legs
Poor lions .
Lucas 19 9 10 
Do hell THANK GOD
I believe it was David
I believe it was David
That day I'm going to ask for mercy, miserable Brazilian, AND I'M NOT GOING TO GIVE IT TO YOU.
Here NAO E SAUL🇯🇴
AND GOD IS GOING TO SHOW THE WHOLE WORLD WHO THESE DUMMIES OF MATO GROSSENSES PEOPLE ARE
That's what I'm going to do with all the scoundrels that kicked me out
Isaiah 26 20
To women
Amos 8 7
Take out the black man who belongs to the rose
The Edomite When He Sees Me Eating 
 Pussy
To Aunt Katy
We must stop looking for silly excuses for the death of the lion, some humans are crazy and like to kill animals to feel powerful, that is why education and values ​​are important, understanding the logic and seeing that the man attacked the lion and not the other way around. the lion just like that, get away
They killed a lion but the one who attacked the lion was the man, the lion was like that, get away
Great goal
Nois Go Break
Sounds like My Woman's Moans
Whose corner of the city 
The culprit ️ be praised 
Yud Hey D&#39;OS Vav Hey
&amp; ️Va Salir YESHAYAHU 26 21
Come on Isaiah 26 20
YESHAYAHU 41 8 al 20
Traeme Una Bebida

Sipo

Or to the Puente Alto Choro!
Call Laura Braningan
I was not hungry
Que Wea

It's Rich
And El Mato Grossense 🇧🇷
He is kissing him
What is the use of that wea?
Leon &amp; Concha

Calmao Calmao Said
Are you screaming?
TODO

Tetas

Cholgas
I already smell choro 
Por Meterse Con Mis 

Isaiah 26 21
Con Ela

Si

Con Yelo

Sipo

Los Flintstone
Ela

If I Put Myself Like This Imagine Me MELECH
For hitting Gary
Bet Dalet Numbers
Yud Hey Vav Hey
Hey 5
Van Grow D&#39;etz Latino
YAHSHUA Hebrew Keipha Greek
Yohannan 19 19 20
Isha Mia 🇧🇷️️
Inaccessibility Pole
I'm Going to Hit Him Where It Hurts the Most IN The Neshama of Esh️
Root of David
YESHAYAHU 28 19

Isaiah 26 20
Amos 8 7 OBDIAH 1 16 Zechariah 11
DonHenley

But first Hanna
Let's Collect TZEDEK
3 In Aleph
6 Times MORE THAN IT WAS Before Yesterday Asher
️️Asher 
&amp; Others of us keep eating!🇧🇷
Get ready ️ Amos 8 7
Barsileiros Mato Grossenses &amp; All Who Worship Lucifer The Antichrist &amp; To All The Devils &amp; Demons
They are not going to escape nor are they going to steal what IS OURS️
Let's be happy
I Thought It Was One 🇧🇷
Amos 8 7
This is how we are going to treat everyone who challenged us &amp; They made fun of us
We are going to eat ALL THOSE WHO DARE TO OBSTRUCE JUSTICE &amp; THE TRUTH
They should have let him be eaten, they killed the Lions because of that suicide
A dead lion and an innocent but confused man with broken parts. Instead of feeling sorry, everyone is worried about which of the two to judge with hatred.
Poor lions, they were not to blame, it is somewhat understandable why they would want to save the man, but if he is mentally ill and no one takes care of him, he will attempt suicide again and the way mental health is treated in Chile it is very likely that he will. They have already left the man alone.
León: Chilean menu of the day ql wn 
This is how they become disturbed and fanaticized by religions. There is nothing worse than being fanatical about a religion that all it does is take advantage of its parishioners.
The worst thing is that they sacrificed the Lion 
that crazy man should not be loose... mentally ill
Yes but they killed the lions that were not to blame
The idiot who tried to commit suicide was saved at least most of it... The lions did kill him, and the worst thing is that it was useless since if the person really wants to kill himself he will try again. .. I just hope that next time it's with a gun.
If the man wanted to commit total suicide, they would have killed him and not the lions.
Even though he is crazy, what is the lion's fault??? I mean, if a ctm that crazy attacks me!!! Let me do whatever we want, totally ta piteao?
They would have killed him, he was totally crazy, it was a lost cause.
The lion made me feel sorry for him :(
I don't believe that in the end they kill the lions!!!
Stupid, Your Idiot Life!
how good the lion is
murio?

Yes, they killed the stupid guy from another body, those lions
I HOPE STUPID PEOPLE HAVE EATEN IT
Damn stupid!
