Mor Priyanka plz tell me when u visiting s.a.

You understand this warna apa rindu kesan understand understand this application understand this one pening Syafiq pemain miswan Syafiq gusion pro edition now everything visual understand jahil Syafiq open in

Tersentuh terus aku block daun dusun understand 21 inai D&#39;Herbs cavendish terminal21 company standard edition berapa tahun everything doktor satu this one Indonesia understand this one i don&#39;t understand this tahun 20 save no understand

Di sana you understand angkat sumber air laut ilmu Firaun di sana i understand this one mobile suami Shikin beautiful movie understand this one one beautiful doktor jumpa doktor haiwan in in in everything okay Iswani join live from beautiful 21 december 4D live understand provide you ramai oh no no no i know understand sudah simpan dalam beg list open body you from Canada population understand this one

Because of money kannada movie old Dyson understand one one boy old money because kannada movie join Afrika enjoy anderson Amerika

But the best kangas try body kasut brand band Suria Suria everything kangas brother like Katrina's body
Kau sangka Subra i understand in body yang kasut brand cikgu di angkasa bra understand open everything kayu Kareena Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor depression Hollywood understand

Because of this will understand inductor Hollywood restoran something Dyson Dyson angkasa berapa port Dickson Dr satrio Dyson Hollywood control Dr Shafie rindu Syafiqah fesyen Indonesia final destination no happy and body doktor bearing connecting Hollywood bank in kannada movie di suami invite beautiful standby produk bukan ada mobil di sukamiskin Ridzwan i no understand this i know because dari no join NSX aku bubuh garam SPM everything i know history no understand

Visual meaning understand Angkasa Blok Edition Drama Hasben Space Braille Drama Spontaneous Location Brain Out
Di luar angkasa umi movie perempuan understand everything i like husband new furniture promotion

Tisu amandemen berapa Madison iklim no husband this morning baby clear clear clear baby my husband no imperialism impossible understand

Dia Suhana destiny clearly suami menyusui suami everything you dan check-in jus everything everything you can understand kesian understand permai okey bikin bungkus no understand connecting promote okey i no understand understanding pos understand understand understand the sun open ok ustazah Maggi spesial 2000 Singapore result

Rizwan understanding ke shubra this one of l a person in clean in body everything understand okay invoker sister understand in body you dan husband you now focus no problem husband your everything Chuan am beautiful Dyson understand

Space war system brothers people wearing sandals brand nobility Sonic uniten UN village Pokemon discussion
You know I get a kind of attraction from Priyanka. I constantly see videos. I like Priyanka. We all came to know about Priyanka&#39;s wedding. I got filled with grief. I thought then once again foreigners looted us. It was not supposed to be good

Is &quot;Cowboy Ninja Viking&quot; still happening??
I just wonder I Priyanka still doing that Hollywood movie she was talking about. Is it &quot;Ending Things&quot;? But that&#39;s an action movie right? But she described it as a romantic movie. I really want to know which movie she was talking about 

Bismillah. Priya . You know that im your dewanaa or a lover who could be able to shed blood to color your hand beautifully by brush with my blood . But , real desire of me to you : Would you be mine regerdless of anything and everything. this time I want to specify you : You are a girl living in a village to the southeast of my village . PLease , no more acting , no more hide and seek , no more hide outs.

Her confidence, gestures &amp; the way she deliver is like incredible.

I finished her books 2days ago and it makes me cry , I so resonates it how she misses her dad

Ppl talk abt her &quot;Hollywood achievements&quot;.....what has she achieved exactly ? she&#39;s been in one forgotten tv show and every single movie she&#39;s done have been horrible or her roles in them have been SO forgettable so I don&#39;t get it.....what achievements ? kaunsa global domination ? her only achivement seems to be married to Nick Jonas

Uber confident!!! Super intelligent... this woman is a boss lady

I can see this interview as many times as I canAlso write part 2 ma&#39;am of your career out side india

shabana  
Wow... Congratulations, looks soo beautiful... Start few films... Probably with SRK...

Her simple is amazing .... Stunning

Just love how PC is so elegant, confident and smartJust awesome

Useless, but extremely overhyped Nonsense. What did this person do that impacted the world, other than pocketing wealth on the basis of &quot;full of herself&quot; type of personality!! Totally shameful to even acknowledge these kind of garbage.

i love sprrch priyanka mam

She&#39;s such an inspiration for indian women.! ️
Priyanka is my biggest inspiration. She has a special place in my heart

Kareena would be dying with envy watching her . Hehe . Once rival&#39;s n KKk to have taken a few digs at this lady 

Your Pillows are Smooth

Man I just love the way Priyanka speaks especially in English ️

PC is 
My my my ..I I I ..self obsessed

So proud of her.

India didnt respect her look she is not given credit in Bollywood she is given side roles she is not even in posters in bajirao mastani kameeney etc ... Bollywood has done injustice with her probably producer directors were jalouus of  her ... They didnt give her chances to explore herself but God helped her

Dumb

Anupam Chopra and  Priyanka Chopra both have talked with each other, So nice ,      My visit always been in the library, which is very big in Ahmedabad Gujarat India, so many times ago due to corona victim always been at my house . but I have seen both of your  books   Priyanka Chopra and Anupam Chopra, now pandemic time is over little bit open  all the market and library also which is my hunger like book worm .           So here I have listened both of your  fresh talking which is very interesting, better than book  directly getting good experience about long journey of Priyanka&#39;s confidence, and her broad vision for the global environment, and self deep  dealing with single  hand drive as a woman ️ I am very appreciate with your  video  which is telling so much for everyone about how and what can do if a person deal himself very good example. So thanks and have a great day with your  family and friends colleagues and club members and many more.

<a href="">21:29</a> best part
I never get bored listening her interview

Am I the only one who finds her annoying? She has achieved  a lot and has reached crazy heights. But when I just see her as a human, I find her fake, self centred and and I think she lacks emotional intelligence. I feel like she says, whatever people want to hear. She lacks indivuality and all she really cares about is that feeling of being someone special and she wants to be appreciated and praised all the time.m

PC, she sounds so much better and naturally flowing when she doesn’t force an American accent in her conversations!!...Sorry if I’m coming across offensive but I cannot help being honest , that’s just me!‍️

Anupama... So artificial laughing

If you save 50, it will last longer.
On which online platform was this shot ?

Good. Speaking. <a href="">I.am.</a>.very.Happy..I.am.been. (Asifa)

I love her 
Priyanka ️
The way she speaks English, so effortlessly, almost feels like her brain is at her mouth

I love you priyanka....you are a role model of many of us ....thanks for opening the path of success by showing us how to be in love of ourselves to fly with our own wings

Well spoken gal!
Oh my god. Forget the content. Her eloquence alone has me smitten with her!

I love the shade she threw while saying we need to make space for more talented actors to come in rather than just the top 10 we keep seeing. LOL. She made her point SO subtly, so diplomatically and with so much finesse. I just love her so much. So well-spoken and articulate. &lt;3

Priyankas english is great  ,being an non native english speaker she is doing well. Priyanka real epitome of beauty with brains.

she is my favourite since school days️

Kuuchh naa kuchh too.. ?? A chuulbuulee ..
The woman has lost a certain sense of bubbliness in her ... The English is accented and the vocab has a lot of American words I suppose. Neither good nor bad. While I wouldn&#39;t say she is guarded, some kinda spontaneity is gone. She&#39;s much calmer but I believe what she says: she&#39;s still building herself. Very good luck at the workfront. PS. Thank God, no questions on the husband or their romantic life.

Can you do next interview with Karan aujla , a Punjabi singer please

She&#39;s good.

Every Priyanka interview is a must watch for me. She has so much wisdom to share. She’s so incredibly smart and brave.

In terms of maximizing one&#39;s potential and thinking ahead you are miles ahead Priyanka...Like you or not no one can deny that. Great example for girls.

Chutiya Lori
Love you priyanka
Swimming in unchartered territory bravely all the time brought us this inspirational unfinished woman, I can&#39;t wait to get hold of her book. Continue your unchartered journey.we can&#39;t wait to see more.

..goal post shifted again..i love the way u speak <a href="">#priyankachoprajonas</a> good upbringing n it shows, the way u handle yourself n your confidence ..i admire it all. stay blessed

Unfinished Book - Page 83, 1st paragraph. She mentions everyone that was in the Miss India pageant Judge panel in year 2000, except for Shah Rukh Khan, who asked her the question.  If this is a biopic, why leaving out people whom we know that had been there from the actual footages? If she is doing that, how can we trust what she has written from the phases we have no footages for evidence? 

Proud of u

Dm smart the lady just I wanted to listen n listen ur voice ....power of lady in  a global

I&#39;m not even a PC fan, but I&#39;m proud of her. She&#39;s amazing!

She&#39;s always badass at interviews 

Wonder how Mindy Kaling feels when she hears Priyanka Chopra claiming to be the first woman of South Asian descent to headline an American TV show.

She is such a talented actress. I really love her. Priyanka Chopra fan from Malaysia.

so talking about &quot; side line roles &quot; (ur words ) i hope u know abt &quot; great gatsby &quot; and amitab bachan&#39;s role in the movie as well !!!

this qsn she&#39;s asking PCJonas &quot; wr u always like this, or is this what u become aft being in western industry choosing sideline roles, it&#39;s not a main stream role in white tiger &quot; i mean srsly Anupama chopra do u not know anythn at all abt PC&#39;s career at all ?? the roles she have done, she never been an &quot; Actress &quot; like the most exists in ur &quot;hindi industry&quot; u know that... PC always been an &quot; ACTOR IN FEMALE ROLES &quot; and never ur tyical &quot;Actress of Hindi industry &quot; .... ur qsns wr deliberately wr -ve ... u did not ask one qsn reflecting that u r proud of PC or her achievements or her Book ..... BUT PRIYAKA CHOPRA JONAS answered very eloquently and politely just the way she used to answer when she was PRIYANKA CHOPRA .... it&#39;s the same person and Am proud of her loving herself &amp; not letting anyone bring down her by trying to reflect their insecurities on her with their qsns and I stopped checking ur channel long back used to be impressed months ago, but i don&#39;t now, just stumbled on this  bc watching all of PCJonas&#39;s interviews ... u should check out her interview with Sonali bandre it&#39;s faaaaarr better  as an Indian herself !!!

<a href="">10:30</a> <a href="">16:09</a> ‍️ to that answer! Thats the attitude i intend to learn from her.

Book about Narcissisme

Priyanka, SRK and Saif Ali khan these 3 people  give the best interviews.i can listen to them for Hours on end

Such a Fake accent 

she is the only one was productive and positive in every situation lover her, always be my inspiration

Priyanka is super intelligent..I could watch her interviews for hours n hours.

Every time I saw her recent interviewI always like that background In every interview it&#39;s freaking same and still beautiful This could be the meme for priyanka in 2021

Priyanka she&#39;s a humanitarian ambassador speak about what&#39;s going on with Muslims and islamophobia, Sikhs who are being kidnapped and farmers protests. I think it&#39;s hypocritical she obviously don&#39;t want to speak up sad......

To anupama : Why no there was no questions on Nick? the person who changed PC from the  grand dazzling Indian starlet to a normal next door girl personality; she radiates a look that is so approachable nowadays, she has become readable &amp; emancipated; the love she is getting from her partner has made  her ultra productive!

PC is just few years in west, yet she reacted so sharply for her geographical positioning, this is how all NRI feel; people within India have a tendency to distance us, whereas we feel a lot more closer to India than the ones who live within India; jai hind !

Her confidence ️
Priyanka 
Omg, I have missed you so much Anupama Chopra. I am glad you came back, please do more interviews, reviews etc. I really missed your interview. Love from London ️

So much love in this talk. Thank you girls

Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Preity Zinta and Sushmita Sen are three women I could listen to forever, and incidentally all three are fauji brats, such is the upbringing of army ChildrenSo so proud of these girls!

Oh the validation I get from knowing Madhu chopra watches kdrama all day....next time my husband comments , I am gonna say, &quot;Well, Priyanka&#39;s mother watches it all day!&quot;.

The walls we usually have wow bravo slight dig at stupid nepotism 

Whenever anupama Chopra interviews Priyanka at some part of the interview and for a few minutes Anupama gets schooled.

Is this interview really 26 minutes long ? Felt like 5 minutes. Priyanka s answers made so much sense can&#39;t say the same about the questions

Shes hardly had any lead hollywood movies since she left doing quantico. Now shes going back to tv shows and writting books lol

everything was good until anupama said that line,, has hollywood figured out what to do with u as an actorit felt too direct

If anyone has a mental problem, depression, or any other mental illness, please contact us. Thank you.
She sounds intelligent

“It’s not a Hollywood thing for me. It’s a Priyanka thing for me.” Damn.

Priyanka  sounds more mature,humble and sensible here ; not that she wasn’t before but more so now. Loved her honesty!

Self made ... When your parents are super supportive of your choices and established doctors and your drop dead gorgeous... self made is a very finicky term . I would love to see her acknowledge the prividledge she came into the industry with and the challenges people who don&#39;t have it face. Not doing it kinda undermines the people who don&#39;t fit conventional beauty standards and had no support but still made it. She is still very talented and well spoken but the ego is there.

Such an honest and talented Superstar

<a href="">

<a href="">

<a href="">

Anupama Chopra chair...1 crore...golden
She is a fabulous poised actor who keeps inspiring all the time. Very happy for all her achievements. Keep it going gal.

Pc make my day when I  see  her. push me ahead  to do something unique in life .

Noise
A very good interview after so long, it&#39;s always a pleasure to see pc talk️️

Just because Priyanka said I subscribed to this channel like you she has been a source of inspiration of mine as well.We badly want to her doing some hindi movies as well.<a href="">#Priyankachopradoingmorehindifilms</a>

The best part in the movie The white tiger is that their is no star kid in the leading role and they gave chance to a new talent

<a href="">

Piggy chops... Ab desi girl nai rahi...

Love u PC you are an inspiration️️️
She is so fake people open your f——king eyes and ears.she knows how to preach and do otherwise

Nice

Anupama ... Pls eat food ... N take care

Well spoken Priyanka. Congratulations on your achievements, but you are not a good actress. May be you should go to Acting school. It&#39;s never too late...LOL

<a href="">22:30</a> wonderful sum up of the 2020 Bollywood crisis

Anupama is not able to talk with Priyanka Chopra&#39;s intelligence.

Priyanka - Forever an inspiration for all Indians. Every speech/interview of hers is so insightful ️

Too busy promoting her book!! No time for farmers

So much to learn from her: self-belief, self-awareness, persistence, courage, confidence...list goes on. 

Can she make the books cheap. So the poorest people can read it.

I feel like she is the only mainstream Bollywood actress who talk sensibly.Deepika,aishwara,kiara&#39;s interviews are sleeping pills.. Sonam (with her fake accent )and kareena full of self obsession are just  And kangana just project that pompous attitude that only I am the best,rest all are trash..alia don&#39;t have any wisdom or depth in her..

A perfect example of power lead through feminine energy 

Priyanka  ur positive attitude has made u a global winner, u r a very wonderful human being, we all should learn from you.I salute you .

One of the things that famous writers work years to achieve is an authentic (to themselves) voice.  Priyanka has already developed a distinctive voice in her acting, producing and thought processes as a human being.  So her book is like a huge major best seller prior to even appearing because the distinctive voice of a major work, the creative necessity that blooms into something spectacular is already there!!!

My god...Priyanka&#39;s PR team has worked overtime this time ! Clinched all the top comments. Just reading them makes you feel pukey

Priyanka Chopra 
Sympathies with Anupama...very long monologues by PC.

One thing I didn&#39;t understand why should south asian must need representation in Hollywood mainstream movies?? It&#39;s like American asking representation in Bollywood mainstream movies?? just an opinion

Sar mein dard hogaya..thought it would be a great conversation but just ended up hearing a lot of adjectives

love her or hate her ... but you cannot ignore her

Her fluency in English is amazing. So articulate and confident.

PC is Grace , elegance and intelligence personified .. hoping one day she  can get an Oscar as an Indian born Actor !

Its a Priyanka thing is the line for this interview  PC is the best in everything she does , she talks &amp; just everything  just proud of her 

Just talk on poor farmers also priyanka

I love the way she has evolved

PC is classy sassy bold and beautiful all together. I have been her fan since i was 14 and I’m nearing 30s and love her even more. She has that passion and that fire in her which i look up to, I’m proud of and which i love her for. This is the woman i wish to become some day ️ she is outstanding. Never been a fan of any other actress ever she is number one for me. Pc if you are reading this girl i love u so much and keep rocking, proud to be in an era of Arijit Singh and Priyanka Chopra ️

Brilliant! Brilliant! Brilliant! Dnt have words but an enriching experience to see her evolving so beautifully!

She is extraordinary...we r so proud of her

Desi girl has got that ace that noone can achieve   

So damn intelligent  i just love Priyanka...Just being herself and not exposing butts ,boobs to get success.Never trying to fit in or copying anyone...so grounded,so original,so hard working and human despite being so successful...

Queen
What a wonderful interview! So good to see Priyanka Chopra owning the interview, answering each question with pride, honesty and capability. It takes a lot of effort to charter into unknown territories, and it definitely does feel inspiring to see her there.

She is the Queen ! Miss her :(

Salman khan ranvir kapoor,alia bhatt and other actresses look like an illiterate person Infront of Priyanka.

When u watch interviews, with priyanka, u see confidence and with Kareena,u see arrogance

I LOVE PC. SO INSPIRING. INSPIRING OTHERS TO BE INSPIRING 
I m so proud of her, she is such a hard working lady, cant imagine her taking a one day break.She is continuously working ️

Anupama no need to make a fake accent when talking with Priyanka. Your natural accent is also ok

OK, so a model &gt; supermodel &gt; actor &gt; top actor &gt; Hollywood singer &gt; Hollywood actor &gt; producer &gt; author. Such a unique journey.

Unlike other&#39;s she called her anupama Not AnuParai ho gayi apni lakdi 

She doesn&#39;t talk like pc nowShe talks like pcj

She represents the modern Indian woman so well who is global but at heart is always a &#39;Desi girl&#39;.Love how articulate and confident she is.

Priyanka looks more calm and content nowadays in all interviews ....

All the people who disliked this video are from deepika padukone fans 

Haters are always hating because their favorite can never reach priyanka level 

Wow now we need to define what is foreign content  .... It&#39;s good to see theres a lot of asian content getting into maintstream !

Anupama is looking weak and pale.

Anupama asked priyanka how difficult it is to get roles after 30’s and she is still interviewing priyanka in mid 30’s and many more and more interviews  in the coming decades. I don’t understand why the age question is not asked for male actors .

So proud of her  .. Love u Priyanka mam 

Just love PC️
Don&#39;t do overaction pls
Madam don&#39;t do overaction Ronaldo has huge fans you are nothing you have discussed him in one match you are nothing jai hindu you be better in usa don&#39;t come to India pls jyada over acting mat karo pls

She makes a good point, with streaming, her appeal in the global market outstrips any of her Hollywood female counterparts by a lot. And her name alone could carry more Hollywood movies into the global market.  Pryanka can do serious, funny, sing, dance, and look beautiful. But I think she does serious the best.  I would love to see her play a pandemic fighting doctor. Or cop fighting human trafficking.  I’d like to see all that inner strength shine. You could throw a love story in there too but just a smidge.

Don&#39;t like her. Don&#39;t dislike her. But she is extremely smart and self made and no one can take that away from her. She knows how to make herself n she has.

Its a huge pity to see India&#39;s one of the biggest actress doing side/ small characters in the west. There was a need in the Hollywood for a brown face that could attract Indian market. Thanks to Priyanka for filing up the slot.  People going gaga over matrix 4 must check its wikipedia and Priyanka`s grand mention in one of the side character.  She will be on the Matrix 4 posters only in India but barely 10 minutes in the movie. But that is all one can get from an industry that never needed you for your beauty/ acting talent.

She is like a shot to the arm. 

!! &quot;inspiration&quot;

Watching movies in theatres in India at a decent theatre with a family of even four isn’t the “cheapest” form of entertainment for even a middle class strata.....

Priyanka️
All in All, a good interview...

Is she gonna talk about her involvement with Srk for 6 years in the book or akshay? She is such a phony. Changes her tune depending on what country she is currently at. Her book is just gonna be all self praise coz she has that houlier than thou thing going on. Both her parents were wealthy doctors. She stayed in US In newton which is also an area for rich people. Nothing about her is real just like her michael jackson nose.

Asking ...really ??? Really ???Isn&#39;t it rude

What is with this accent? She is giving cold vibes in the entire interview i don&#39;t know why

Accent????

Love love love this girl! 
Prinyanka continues to be the ambassador of India without her knowing it.  I wish Feb 9 (according to Amazon when i will get her book) was today because with this snow day in NJ, i would have finished ready her book drinking my cups os hot chocolate 

Priyanka is such an inspiration, her single word is enough to motivate us

Confidence level 
You are gonna conquer the world soon ️️️

Wow..feeling so energized seeing Priyanka&#39;s interview
Beauty with brain!!️

Priyanka Chopra is the diva️

PC️
Internet/Wifi is better with Anupama than Priyanka :P

epitome of baatein karwalo. anupama has also shifted to a golden throne for her. lmao.

Nobody has the guts to talk why people are boycotting bollywood, about sushanth etc

If riz ahmed was in india u wud discriminate him and put him down in every way possible coz he is muslim. Its bcoz he is in hollywood so now u r proud of him...lol

I LOVE HER SO MUCH
Queen of bollywood  amazing ...i love her so much 
I see priyanka. i click.

She is a GEM!

Thanks to Mr Jonas, she now appears to be talking like a sensible mature person. Usually Indian actress want to always portray a ‘cute girl persona’ and they have no one around to groom them to behave as Mature, wise entities. Can clearly see Nick has rubbed off his personality on her !

What happened to your hair? Mrs anupama

Very nice 
Miss word

Aish and Kareena can never match this level of verbal contribution from Priyanka because her life’s experience is a lot broader than theirs. Kareena is still talking about Saif, Taimur and her girl gang and Aish will talk and talk without making any sense because their life has as been quite vapid in the last 10 years. This is a producer talking, am happy for her, this is refreshing and new.

Manny listening
Priyanka is working so hard to brake the wall..... it may take some time... but she&#39;ll .Hollywood has a different view on Asian talents. It&#39;s just so hard to be there .And we all know... she will pave her own way. <a href="">#foreverfavourite</a>

Your an incredible human who is  self created to this peak. Hail to you priyanka. Your always running in my head with whatever I see, where I go, whatever I watch. Your very fascinating and I can keep looking at you while you talk and listen to you all day long without a blink. Tons of love to you. I love it when you say its a &quot;priyanka thing&quot; 

Anupamachopra plz interview with kangana ranaut  ,,i have watched your all interview with kangana  plz call her

I hope she would also write about her much maligned affair with srk

I can wait for you to read it. And that&#39;s Priyanka Chopra for us. Chirpy, spunky, humorous and yet having soo much depth. Excellent interview as always. Thank you FC.

True inspiration...

What exactly has she accomplished globally? Other than marrying a hollywood star singer?

More power to you pc️

This the first time I&#39;m seeing Anupama being tired

The diffrence between the hardworking outsiders and insider is mainly intelligence and not entitled at all.

She has achieved a lot through her talent ambition and we wanna see more of her what she’s gonna achieve in future GO GIRL

What a beautiful interview. I can’t decide who I love more Priyanka or Anu!

She said she is the first south asian to headline a TV show in America. Is Kunal Nayyar of Big Bang Theory of some different ethnicity. Not sure, educate me folks!

PCJ is one of the most versatile actress in Bollywood can&#39;t wait to read Unfinished The White Tiger is amazing 

Priyanka Chopra Jonas is inspirational 

Still Kareena envies her so badly.

<a href="">18:54</a> they talked about which movie?

i can hear her talking for hours and hours and hours and would never get bored

Powerhouse Priyanka.
Her interviews are great. Her acting is pretty mediocre. I still remember her from Harman Baweja days. Now she talks as if she was this best thing happened in B’wood. But that’s not true. She had few very few good roles and then had to flee the country cause less and less opportunity to get meaty roles as she couldn’t work with Shahid or SRK or Akshay. The next best opportunity was H’wood and eventually Nick Jonas.

Ok let’s take a moment and appreciate how beautiful Anu is looking!

Didnt they need an Indian and that is how she get selected for Quantico? I mean .. It is just about being at the right place at the right time.  . if you notice,she hardly appreciates the directors or producers. But it is somehow always about her.

I love how she has slowly placed herself at the top with honesty and totallyself made..an inspiration to all of us

Love your smile so much Priyanka. Don&#39;t be nervous. All the very best to you Priyanka Chopra! Kudos to you in every way.

Big hug PC
Why these people do not asks these uncomfortable direct questions to so called bolly biggies ..sold

Priyanka&#39;s Interviews are not interviews but an ocean of education, vocabulary, intelligent sentences and some smart answers ️

The best ️

Jonas more like donut
I&#39;m pretty sure this book is her idea of &#39; how she is&#39; . Clearly it&#39;s a version priyanka playing priyanka in front of people. Theres never really one priyanka. Versions and versions.

Theatres are the cheapest! Yea right...with popcorn ....yea very right!

I disagree with Priyanka chopra on a number of things. Her siding with a fascist govt in India, her hypocrisies, her gaslighting of a Pakistani girl. But all things aside she has achieved a lot in her life and that is inspirational.

Huge inspiration for girls. Thank you Priyanka Chopra 

The way she talks about India. 

I really miss her in all-out mainstream Indian films. I know this sounds weird, but I want to see her dance to my desi girl 2.0! 

My terms my voice Kitna my my my karte yar ye log 9 sec me mood kharab Kar diya.

There&#39;s lot to admire about this woman - i got tears watching Anupama reflect with Priyanka about how much she has done to push south asians to mainstream.

Ohh you are superb priyanka ️
Such a good interview. I felt that Priyanka really got a chance to say her piece and my oh my, was she articulate, confident and dignified as hell. Great job Anupama Ma&#39;am, for bringing out the thinker in your interviewees, a job that few journalists really are able to do.

Awesome

Can&#39;t wait for unfinished ️ 
Her confidence and strong personality shine bright like a diamond

Sad that she gets so much hate on tiktok and online.

I&#39;m not a Indian but as a south Asian, I&#39;m so proud of her , the way she&#39;s making her name  globally.  She&#39;s doing well in her career.  Her two last movies on top most watched in the list worldwide.  Recently she launched her own haircare brand.  She&#39;s producing movies in India and in the west.  She&#39;s not just great actress but also as a producer , she&#39;s creating more opportunities for new talent.  She&#39;s Doing many big Hollywood movies like matrix 4,  text for you,  many more.  I&#39;m so happy for her.

Whatever. I love this woman. Keep giving your support to films like The White Tiger. We need so much more of that. ️

Thank you for this interview. Really enjoyed! Great conversation. ️

Was waiting for this from years!!!

Priyanka got it right. She didnt give up. She should not. Hollywood is different place nd noone will see her previous hindi films work she knows that very well. So she started from small there. She will go far..

She is an outsider n achieved everthing on own..I respect her for That

The last one, &quot;I can wait for you to read it.&quot; was just the line which tells you how much fun it was to watch this...

Ok middle class family...their kids can decide to go to America to study? That&#39;s privilege to me.

Who wants to read about her and her life?? I don&#39;t.

She is getting younger by the day

The gale in her seems to be calming down with the nub of fire intact..

She&#39;s a really great conversationalist.

She felt so sad when she was called an outsider 

O m g ...She is so so uninhibited and real !

Not only for women all around, she&#39;s an achiever and a big time inspiration for all of us. She&#39;s she at the end of the day and has huge to look up to! ️

I would be happy to get One Book of Priyanka Chopra.  She&#39;s a Icon for many girls of India.  Good Luck to Priyanka Chopra. She is Excellent Actor.  God bless her. I am Purusotam Gupta from Chennai.

She&#39;s incredible woman.  I can&#39;t wait to read her inspiring journey unfinished.

Why does her accent change so much when she is giving interview in India and interview in states? 

This is a good interview. Great questions. Good answers.

She is damn gorgeous, eloquent and dashing as always 

Always excited to see you <a href="">#priyanka</a> Chopra Jonas and missing your red carpet  specially Metgala n Cannes

You are so awesome Priyanka. Always a fan of you. ️️️️️️️️
She&#39;s amazing, beautiful, intelligent and very talented but the best thing about her I love the most, is her confidence . She&#39;s beauty with brain Queen . I&#39;m very excited to read her books unfinished  ️.

Everyone knows that Priyanka has paid and fake followers on Instagram and Twitter through her PR!Don&#39;t take those numbers seriously! 

Amazing PRI ️. She&#39;s such a sweetheart . From small town girl to global icon she has come so far. Her incredible life journey inspires million people.  Self made Queen 

You are awsome. I  admire your courage and I love your movies ....im a big fan.

Global domination.... ️️️
Priyanka is such a Queen 

She’s such an amazing actress! I cannot wait to read her memoir! 

All the three leads in this film, Adarsh, Priyanka and Rajkumar have made it completely on their own in the film industry, sans any film background or godfather. Kudos!

PC : 100% Self made!  (just like her character in dil dhadakne do)
Why is Anupama looking like Shabana Azmi from Makdee?

Priyanka Chopra Jonas is the best, so proud

I believe no matter what her hypocrises or the ideological differences one could have with her, one can&#39;t deny her supreme accomplishments globally. Anyone in her company would surely have a lot of her confidence rubbed off on them.

Priyanka interviews are OP. OP. They’re almost education.

Love the confidence and attitude

nice interview both chopra love you 🇮🇳
No one handles interviews the way priyanka does. Even her confidence is so elegant.
