Now see the income and after that you will get the second income.
The main reason for Saif Ali Khan and Kareena's marriage is Saif Ali Khan's money and second is Saif Ali Khan's age.
Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan 10 years gap not 15 years

Bho... Ddi

Why didn't you tell me about this?
To ye konsi Yong h
Sahid Kapoor did not feel like a banana since he was a child, what would have happened to him like a banana from a big boy or what?
Why are you talking nonsense these guys?
Kareena's greed is your complete mistake  Worshiping destruction by killing drama.
Why are you making a video of Shilajeet eating?? Because what is written in the poster did not tell anywhere..So now did you say Saif's love for Amrita?? Agar saadgi psnd aai thi to??
Kareena went mad .
Rupiya nzer aaya
baklol video
Kareena kapoor khan   COMES FROM ROYAL FAMILY  THE kapoor  familyThey are so famous people

Give Kareena  kapoor khan  peace Whats talking everytime  second wifeStress people The first wife children are big

Dono panjabi wife first and second bhi 

Who told you all this about life as it is on this bkwas channel?
Must be rolled with Sunday oil
Har. 1. Every human being has the right to live his own life..the one who steals the night should pay attention to his soul and country. Sudhrega
An advice by Babita Kapoor to leave Shahid Kapoor and get married to Saif Ali Khan as he was richer than Shahid Kapoor.Else is fantasy. 

Paise sab kuch kar sakta he

Lipstick wale mam swaha accounts complete Re 
What did Silajit say?
Sher Buddha nahi hota
These people do not feel that they should be jailed for marrying a Muslim despite being Hindu.
Nonsense. The chef has a lot of money
Nonsense

How much money will this saif earn
What does Silajit mean  fuck video
Kya sara kya kareena sab ka ke kam chuchhe hai, he has again become visible, there is no difference between the heroines of Bollywood, he has again become visible to people, he is better than them.
Sab Ke Sab Bollywood Wale Chutiye Hai

Saif key pass paise nahi hai. So babo, will you give us money or that too  Saif enjoyed it, or both of them got money. But what did Kareena say?
Khan me bat kuch aur he.unka to kismat achihe ke use nawab paribar mila.

ISME TITTLE KAA ASLI KAARAN HI NAHI BATAYAA AAPNE..

Even if you say something, you will make someone laugh. Say hello to me, friend.
Are you drunk?
Won&#39;t be surprised if saif Ali gan ditches even Karina kpur and divorces her.  Bcas bollywood cinema is such a dirty place that even 70 years old budda will marry 18 rears innocent girl

Silajit se mtlb hai iska baap bahut khata tha

hungry for money
Now I will marry Alia's father.
Kareena can do anything just for money. Kareena will marry again after some time.
Gandu Post
Why did you take the money? All the kush is sold.
Masti will become more and more beautiful, will you marry again? Let's see everything is true in the future.
he saw her property
Later I will play with other people.
Pagal video dalne wala
Karina had already got married before marriage, hence Karina had to marry.
Karina looked at Saif's property.
Your father, BJP's son, your sister is marrying Muslim people.
Why didn&#39;t he marry from his own community.. ???

Your mother is not your basis
Hindu boy na mile isko
Heroines in the film industry are divided into second wives.
Both r Budda or buddhi

Now Saif Ali Khan will have one more marriage and that woman will be of the same age as Saif after 2 years from now.
Kareena tune is not good, tune is very wrong for the sake of wealth. Now there is no need for you in India.
What kind of news are you watching, both of their families are pregnant.
These are the Ghatiya Logs, they are ready to die for sale.
These are the Ghatiya Logs, they are ready to die for sale.
You are speaking nonsense. Duplicate admi
Sale Power of money

Taimur Lang Changez Khanfir Ahmed Shah Abdali Ghazni Gauri Alaudin Jalaluddin Sikandar Lodi Babar Aurangzeb Everyone has to give birth to Hindu girls of Love Jihad....
Aray age to bas ek ankra hai..,. Old is gold suna nhi kya tum ny..... Hathyar mazbut hai to kon old bta ry

Chutiya youtuber... Bahar kuch or andar kuch or..
Kon hai ye log 

The reason behind Kareena's marriage with Saif was his income and his days were less.
Anyone came from meme 

Where did Chicken Matton go BC?
Sabse chutiya chanel in the youtube

who came from meme
There is such a thumbnail...there is nothing like that in the video...I told everyone what I knew or I earned money from YouTube waahh...I wanted to watch even more videos...but now I have told the society. ..there is no new secret talk in the video
Shilajeet kha kar pelta tha....my god...kya kya lights ho be
title mutabik video nanane chaiea........
Brother, have you earned money by making the world happy?
Lol I came after your thumbnail gone viral

Who is watching this meme?
Title ek aur bolte ek, logonka kyu vaqt barbad karte ho .. isase kya milta tumko - ghanta

Sharmila Tagore earned her name by marrying a Muslim. Now Kareena Kapoor did it. She did not find anyone of Hindu religion. Wow world.
There is no comment of Shilajit in the video????
Fake thumbnail

Innumerable. Daulat. See. Bude. Se. Chipki. Kapoor. Khandan. Ka. Naam. badnm. did
Hey cunt, you didn't even mention the title of the video.
There will be fun while you lie down
Hii

Ok

jhonte

Hm Etna jante to chutiyapan vidio dekhte likhte kya ho bataye kya ho
Pagal is not even adding anything. What is the main heading in the video and what is being added. He is fooling people.
So it was his wish, I did it knowingly.
Why do you make such a mistake, what do you write, or show what?
He must have taken Shilajit himself, that's why he has given such a thumbnail.....Kamina, Harami.....,
You are very dirty with thoughts.
Look how long this relationship lasts, consider that Kakarna is a girl from Sindh, she will not make mistakes like others,
Kya mast thumnail <a href="">he.haha.lol</a>

Chutiye Jo Likha he video pe vah To Bata
Pehle pelwaayaahee kyonn

You write something else to show the video, something else happens in your video. Write only what needs to be shown inside, otherwise close the channel and make fools too. Don't waste our time by forcefully showing videos to earn money.
Karina Kapoor used the safe to gain weight. She is very hot and sexy. To satisfy herself, she took out her penis. She got very full. The tube is so hot that Karina gets 4 times discharge. Chuki hoti .How many times has he been sleeping upstairs at night and he has taken out the safe and used it with great difficulty to satisfy him.
K@reena  married  for  money  only

done by Shilajit
First tell me why the title is correct.
What is the title you crazy bastard?
Pataudi sir before this. Who fired the bullet? (R-21)
great bewakoof
There is no religion in the film world, your glasses are wrong.
You bastard, I am talking about something else, tell me something else.
Karina-Sara also started training
Sapli kattu hai sala
Got married for the sake of money
Kareena's first married shahid kapoor,
She is an actress, she is acting very well, she married an old man for the sake of money, then it did not make any sense.
Brother what... I haven't found anything else
Why did you say this?
you look worthless
I did it thinking that there would be more expression in the old man and he did it for me.
Yah baat mat poochho aise Kari shaadi

Dog dog
Shermila's face is like Gandhi's.. like Gauri Khan is also there.
Mule ase hi hote h
Sub muh maya hi bhai
Listen to the heart or the bill...
Saif married Kareena Kapoor under a Jihadi conspiracy only to carry out Jihad, the living proof of which is naming his first son Taimur.
The title is bata kuch raha hai tu to saale pakka wala hai
Son Shilajeet's heart has entered.
he did it right
Ye tawaf hai
Paisa
Chutiye

kisko teri ......

Kaaran to tum bata rahey thay, ab hum se puchh rahey ho.

Chutiya ho tum
Opar kuch or likha hai or khabr kuch or hai 

In the greed of huge wealth
Ye bhi fans gyi bechari .

The owner of this channel is very handsome. You are interested in someone else's life. First tell your story.
kapoor bera garakk with mullo ।
If you interview the prostitutes who run the brothel business, they will also tell some emotional story of falling into the business, just like these are the stories of our Bollywood heroes and heroines!!
Do you ever show Kareena Kapoor that you are a dirty woman?
Where I am roaming around with the drill machine to make a living through all the band doors.
Phekutime pass
Ghatiya

Abe chutiya heading to that show that you have got the effect of media.
Asli Karan has to tell the public that he is crazy.
Bakvaas karte ho tum .

Why don't you write something too?
You idiots, you say something while writing.
Saif Ali Khan was born in 1970 and Kareena was born in 1980. There is a gap of 10 years. Ask before speaking.
He is a man with Jihadi mentality because he wants to have as many children as possible.
My marriage in 1991 and my first meeting in 1992...... Wow son wow.... enjoy my son........ 
You have fallen, what has been written has been peeled for many years, mother still learned from father.
Kay faltu post takta

Shame on you, you fool, you are saying nothing from above, what does it mean, are we all fools, you fool, you have a habit of earning money, you fool
Dukh bhañjàni sah8bn
Money and lust for pleasures are the reasons behind this marriage. Such marriages do not last long due to lack of love, honesty and trust.
There is no religion and everyone is shameless.
Pagal

Sadiyal

That h is not
Paisa
She liked him
Toh  hoonemoon  shadi se pahele hi. Mana  chukkey  the  saif and  karina ne

To dikhai nhi de rha tha us time apko, tab kha gyi thi ap

Have watched Amrita Singh ji's Betaab film many times.
Brother, money speaks money...otherwise there is no more money.
what have you written on the heading
Dogs become celebrities
The one who loves you the most will always be proud of you.
No good

Brother, everyone knows that Kareena has married Saif only for money because these people have a fund that no matter what happens, there should be no shortage of money in life. Secondly, Kareena has done things thoughtfully even if divorce happens. If it happens then you will get a huge sum of money as compensation, these people have no value for human humanity, they are all corrupt...her elder sister Karishma also did the same thing, gave birth to children and got divorced, today she is fat The money is received as compensation, at least Salman Khan understands this very well, that is why he does not marry, he knows that the same thing will happen to him too...
Saif Buddha Hai Tune Checked Kya Harami?
These are dirty people,
Used to feed Saif Ali Khan after eating Silajit
They are hunger of money, can go to any extent.

Tital change kar stupid

To isme bollywood se nafrat kiun ho or nafrat wali kya bat h cirkunde sale pagal  chanel par lafaddri mat bola kar

No matter of money. They love each other.

Bakchod bana diya
Paisee not
Kareena is worthless. She married for money.
Kareena is crazy about naming Taimur.
What news does all this come to you people in your dreams for years?
The whole thing is that K Bhaiya sabse bada rupaiya 

Like Bollywood, it has become a land of randas and randis.
Budde's dam is over but Shiljit is still eating 
How much do you stitch?
Ab to medam ap bhi budi lagrahi hai  sef acche lagte hai karina se

That's what you will do to your heart's content, hup chup 
Saif Ali actually appears to be Buddha and Dat is also shown to have fallen.
Balanced by marrying Kareena
Kareena  not a child, she opted for her will and probably she opted to become  begum with trillion of property.

Laudy

A Muslim man will not become pure because of a woman, he will not be married for 7 seconds, then he will become pure.
Why do Brahmins marry their daughters to Muslims? They do not feel ashamed when they marry Brahmin girls.
Jujluuj77x
What will happen to the details of the loan here? Why did Karan Kareena get married and what happened.
Why did Kareena get married? What was the real act? Kuch did not come into the society.
Ye bollywood waale bhi bagair shadi k bacche bhi paida karte hai

I did it for money
Shift to Pakistan

you are stupid
Abe chutiya kuch bhi lakhta hai
What is your problem, you bastard, you are telling everyone why because you don't know, you are just barking at Hindus and Muslims and nothing else.
Don't tell me where Shilajeet is from.
Logo ko chutiyapa banaya title kuch or video kuch or
Kareena has seen Saif's wealth
Teri kyon jal rahi hai they nice together made for each other both having their 2nd innings

You see less logs, and less news. Come on my senses..!!
Bc

This man's house is enough, he has assumed that these people are made only for his pleasure.
Karina Kapoor talks about the shame of marrying a man of her father's age.
Bataane wale aap the ye baat or ab hme puch rhe ho ki coment krke btao paagl ho kya tum

Hail Mother, Hail India, Hail India, Hail Mother India, Vande Matram. BAD-LUCK MY COUNTRY'S GADDARON, BAD-LUCK MY HINDUSTAN'S ENEMY. JAI SHRI RAM, JAI SHRI RAM, JAI SHRI RAM, HAR-HAR MAHADEV, JAI SHRI KRISHNA 
The

L

Saif's wealth
Nonsense
Hey cunt, why did you write about Shilajit on the video...
You are making a joke by giving one heading but without saying anything you are making others laugh.
Hindus were less
Hum kyon bataye beee vedio tune banaya hai tu bata,,,,. Champu kahe kaaaa

Are you Modi? Bhench writes anything
All this has happened because of Sharmila Tagore, he is a bastard.
The marriage took place with Mia Vivi's choice and consent, so why did the publicity give such a dirty headline?
Who will look at the drain?
Thanku

SALA JIHADI H..........FUTURE KA JAHAR PEDA KIYA H

Khan Sab hai

Totally waste and false statements

It's been 15 years, not just 10 years, check it before making the video  First you will gain knowledge of yourself and then you will fight for others.
Chutiye Tera bhi Baap h wo

Bebo Weds buudhe.....wahhh what a gandi jodi...chi chi chi lgta he sex k liye a kisi b had Tak gir skte he....

His personal  life.......no matter what people says about his relationship

Film industries chakla se v ghatiya
Credit card

Your father never ate you as well as you, that is why you were born as well as you.
Both are Muslims
Taimur name is illegal
this time karina will do it
Pagal

He is characterless man. Like father, like son, both like it.
I am very fond of you, brother, I met you in 1991 or in 1992.
B......K.......L.....

You are so much nonsense that your cards are nonsense.
Than that leye ki
Your channel black koro sale
What truth did you tell me that you ate Silajit?
Throw money and watch the show. You also give more money than Saif and it will be in your lap.
Brother, some good news has been read as a lie, what have you shown me, what have you shown me to the extent of taking you?
One older than twelve years and one younger than fifteen years wow man!!! How can the public take his example? Marry a girl of your daughter's age.
Ye sab to sab jante hain . Thumbnail se logo ko bhatka re ho.

Kminon kuch bhi hoon writen
This video is 30% true and 70% true, Saif is a Nawab, he has a business worth 700 crores, now the actress is marrying rich Muslims but no one has remembered love and jihad.
bhai apke pas chutiya pnti k liye samay hoga hamare pas nhi hai kuch wo btaya kro jo hume nhi pta s.very disappointed with your workkindly do something which l9gical and beneficial for society

You don't give any less to people, so are these people good, only these people are worse than money or are they good if they are less, if someone makes them poor then they will call them dirty or have bad morals.
Everything is sold
Hii

No money or anything, Bollywood's heroine can marry anyone for money.
Indian acters and  actress are the worst in world.They don&#39;t have any Social ethics to perform and very strongly they spred only valgurity nothing else.<a href="">#Boycott</a> Bollywood.

Why will you sleep? Just shut up.
Budhese rupees ki ki sari kiya
You are being fooled by writing anything on the poster. There is no mention in the video as to who used to vomit after eating Shilajit.
Bakee. Sab... Faroteeaa. Nay..

Lokaa. Nay. Baanee... Maran... Dee. Bahut. Kosis. Kee... Lakin... Mathat Kee. Lakeer. Jeet. Gee...

Or nothing but the name of the Hindus to be cursed by the mother's beloved.
She was born in 1972. This is her actual date of birth. She is only 3 years old. If we she ger without make up then she looks mother of her own mother. A d her husband looks like her grand son. She looks like an aunty or grainy.

Punjabis are special, they are putting chilli on Hindus, Punjabis are protesting against farmers in Delhi, Muslims + Punjabis are protesting.
Ye channel pakka radar me ane wala police k

Chutiy....

Very good 
@Chomu Tittle what are you talking about? dumb
Abe chooyiye sale dafa ho
Sala likhta kuch hai batata kuch hai

The same is true for everyone. The same is true for everyone. No one is for the same for yourself. Just like a man is famous in the world. Chicken is famous but how many people have eaten it, how many people have not seen it. Everyone likes the same thing. After marriage, we should behave with our own understanding. We are in this world. parsani ati hai
Pream andha esko bolte.
Used to vomit after eating Shilajit.
Pesa
𝐒𝐚𝐥𝐢 𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐝𝐢
Chutiye shadi 91 me mulakat 92 tu YouTube channel mat chaal tu tu buffalo  chara kuch paise kamaye ga 
Chutiye Dhaniyawad
You have committed total nonsense.
<a href="">

It's all nonsense, these people enjoy on the basis of money, no one here cares about age.
Shame on you for playing with someone else's iron, you keep on trying to fill the curtains of others, then use chilli masala to call others in the eyes of God, it is evil, you have sinned, God is the father of your sin. The little one who was punished without any reason had to suffer his punishment. Father's punishment is like a hell of fire and water, which never stops burning. He has never died. Father has gone into hell.
Because of marriage exp. Lun...Milega karina
Ht

She gave birth to 5 more children.
Hey brother, one must have grown up, I told you that my Hindu wife wants to get married in the Muslim era.
Ky

Bewkuf. banana.ka.dhanda.band.karo
Ghut bol rha hai 7 years bda hai.....

Fuddu.timi.Phela.soch.lendy.Hun................??
I heard it was professional...
Sushant Singh Rajput

Brother, think carefully and speak.
How old is your wife brother, what do you eat?
Use topi Pasand thi khuli tabhi to

Bhai ab Iska bhi to talak hone wala hoga Ab Inke bhi to bachche ho gaye

Ye chutiyapa kyu kr rahe ho avi savi ne unsubscribe kr diya to bete tum pele jaoge

Gr

3rd class person how run this channel..should be ban by youtub

YA PAISONKE LIYE KARNI PADI SHADI.

If we tellu the reason then what willu do

Bakhavas sale kuch bhi batate ho chutiyapanti

40 saal ki budhdhi kareena kaun c jawan thi, isse pahle bhi afair ho chuka tha.  kareena ka.. paisa dekh ke shadi kar li

Buda baba safOr Kapoor, the sky and the earth are filled with lightning
There should be a ban on writing anything
Such channels should be restricted, shame on you
<a href="">2:25</a> Married in the year 1991 and first met in 1992 
Ye sub lafander hain, Kisi achche admi ki baat karo,

Kya bakwas video haiSaif is great

These you tube people keep posting anything. Wasn't Kareena wise?
The day I open the door, you will go first...then ask.
Only many

The film industry is very dirty, so saying anything is useless.
Kareena loved Saif's money and status.
<a href="">

M c

oho kareena nawab family basht
Faku

Let them lead their personal life,why are you bothered

Money
Title konsa he. Aur bata kya rahe ho?? Hamse puchh rahe ho to video kyu upload kiya bhai. Thoda sochh samaj ke likha karo 

What's going on with Safa?
Wrong title

<a href="">2:25</a> to <a href="">2:35</a> Epic bro

Kareena Kapoor has any special weakness. This is power...
Sale jahil admi chutiye
Saif's income Saif's day kam
Your father created you by eating Shilaji, what are you showing and what are you telling in the heading of the channel?
Don&#39;t spread Rumours. Sharmila denied conversion. Sir Nawab Patodi honoured her decision. Karina also followed accordingly

This channel's owner seems to be the one who is telling the information about where it comes from and how to make a channel.
What have you guys written on the title, why do you do such disgusting things?
 mila
You are very smart brother.
You guys only know how to make cunts.
  chal  chutiye  kuchh bhi....

Bakwas band karo

hope so what
What is Ghatiya?
It is not a good thing to make jokes after giving birth.
Bakvash Jodi

PAISA

Dirty bitch
Think before writing any title..you did not know anything about anyone's life so you wrote wrong title about them so watch all your videos...about any religion or humanity. Just check first, then I will make a video..if you want to earn money, speaking wrong is also a crime...title first.
Tum batao

Karina is itching a lot.
oppose
You idiot, why are you waiting?
You have written it yourself
You yourself have told that Kareena Kapoor enjoyed Saif Ali Khan Shila Jeet Khakar…..hehe…that's why she chose him. It's not a matter of age. The question is for a longer time…Kaneka,
Ghatiyaa canal

All these things can be done at the cost of pennies.
All these things can be done at the cost of pennies.
Mohabbat me

I hate her.
Paisa
Tere ghr aaker bta ker gayi thi kya...?

Tumkomaloomhaiyanahiuskedadapridhvirajafgankapathantha
Now we will save the money.
FAQ news

These heroin people are Gandhi fails in the society.
I am a victim of love jihad.
love jihad is happening a lot in muslims... just increasing the population like a slaughtered goat
the film is about to end
No name was found...Taimoor was found...second one's name was Ab Gori and third one's name was Gajni...chithe's Abdali...Pachve ka Khilji...lage raho...kalank...
Any relationship should not be broken/todne nahi banta…Jodneme bhi aurat, todne bhi aurat…e.g Bipasha: John…8 yrs courtship thi..John also Muslim…Karina did not break Amrita, who else? todega...what is new?
Picture me kuch bhi likhte he youtube aur video me kuch nhi

Blonde girls have sex
Matra 5crore me 13saal....
Overall the score is equal, one big, one small
dancing
Every woman is sold in front of money
Whatever a woman wants, she wants money.
both of them are drug addicts
This is a canal wala gandya
What to do now? We have a habit of living in the future, no matter how bad we say.
Kareena's wife is 16 years old.
Karina ko jawani chadi thi bas ,aur kuch nahi..

Paisa dekhkargir padi shahid kapoor ko karkar
gali sunne wala video

bakwas video hai ek dum

Saif's feet have fallen, he has saluted his father, said that he has made us sleep with Umar, let us go to your house, our food has been given to us, Saif's feet have been shining for four days, then the next four feet have no foundation, shame, shame.
It's good to add something to your title
What's wrong with you?
Are pagal ho like k liye kuch bhi bol dete ho usko itna aish aram itni proaparti batche waise hi paida ho rai h

2 nahi 3 saadi he
Ghatiya Bollywood

By making a video of Chutiyape
The film industry is very dirty, so saying anything is useless.
He is doing Bakchodi
By ubx

Chutiya news Ghatiya news neech news
Hey, if you don't know then keep the heading properly...
M

Chal chutiya

cheap sale
Bakwas video

Son Saif Ali Khan is from Nawab family, hence Kareena talks about marrying a money man.
Fudi video
Thumbnail Mast hai 

NACHTE SAMAY MAJA AAYI, ABHI NATAK BANDH KARO.

Just don't say anything brother
Sila jit ki bat ki thi bewkuf

What title diya.ur bata kya rehe ho shameful.

Whenever I feel like it, I want to eat it.
kya be sala

married for money
Chutiye jese video mat dal madal
Abe Shilajeet Nahi...Nawab Sahab has eaten and pealed from the bade's drain.
Saale.haram khor
Such people should not be in films.
Why are you making jokes, you are telling so much on the screen and the news is so much.
Karan tera baap batayga
she is a slut, that's why
We met in 1992 and in the year 1991.
Katua is a traitor
Kareena did not marry you just because you are interested.
Are you afraid to tell the truth that Karina got married because of money?
If you have money today, Kareena will reach your bed today. You can steal Saif and kill him by applying Sunday oil.
Ppoppp

Chutiye

What news is there?
Hey cunt, he used to spit after eating Silajit, where did he tell Fadu?
You will have to fight by doing all these things yourself...?
 You were taken out of the panjawan's net at a much cheaper price.
Because Karina Charkat is a woman, that's why she married.
For the sake of views and likes, even some nonsense means, use your own banalities.
Love or Hawash
<a href="">2:24</a> Married in 1991 and met for the first time in 1992. means anything friend
Amrita is beautiful with karina se ️️️ ★★★★️
what happened
Chut ka bhoot Najar aaya tha

A dono kon?
Bkvaas kro... channel chlao..
Katrina ko kata hua land peasand lagata hai ISHI lia oh sefali khan se sadi kya

Speak the truth brother
Aapne asli subject ke bare mae to bataya nhi aap subject se bhatsk gaye

Stay happy by reading from me
Saif Ali Khan has never found a girl of his age. Once he found an old woman. Then it was raw. Now he has found a young woman. She is too ripe. This guy's life is ruined. Not everyone is blessed with true and good love. Would
There are two dancers, one dances with less money, one dances with more money, Kareena madam is among them, oh people are with more money
Tum log pagal ke bacheh, ganda title likhte hai, beshram, tumara channel band hona chahiye, kya karan hai woh bhi hum batege, Tu kyu video bana raha hai, kabari
There is no truth in religion, there is no need for money, there is no need for it.
15 nhi bhai 10 sal ka antar hai kuch bhi bolte ho

harvested land
Backwash

Chutiya Saala
Heading n detail alag alagHeading ka kya matlab
Backwas Kar Raha haiChutia

stop throwing nonsense
You wrote in the heading - Kareena told the real reason for marrying old Saif, where is that thing in the video? This is a stupid video, stop this nonsense
Hum ye riste se bahut khush hai

Cutiya sahfu
Are you talking to Sheikh Abdullah?
Sheelajit epic wala tha bro 
Pppp

15 years difference between husband and wife is not much, you will find many such people in our Rajasthan
Karina Kapoor  abhi bahut khush hai saif ke sath  or  wo dono miya bibi khush to kux admi ko kyu gaaaddd me mirch lagraha h

Hey cunt, you were about to tell, and Jhatu is asking us only.
Kareena Begum has also got her brain circumcised.
Ham log ko tum jaise social media Se Nafrat Hai Jo faltu ke video upload karte ho

This should be the case with such Hindu women, they do not like Hindus, whatever happens is good with them, who knows what to do with them, the importance of relationships is very dirty, these Bollywood people do everything even with their mothers.
They want the fun of sex. It was not told why Kareena got married. bullshit reporting
Ane chutiye, do thumbnail to sahi se likha kyu kuch se kuch khte ho ho beta bade harami ho 
Sutiye idiot samjha hai Report and dislike  take both
Kisi ki second hand passand he to ky kre

Karina's koi video met kr I hate karina
Now if she liked Buddha then what can one do? The biggest thing is that now the results have also started coming. It must have spread by now too.
First shaadi .....Mulakat 1992 m aur Shaadi 1991 m wah reporter 
Karina kapoor is muslim keep correct information
If Buddha dies, he will find some place.
Bawkuff thii

Bevkufi thi karnaki ko bahut bade bade starmeter Milte

This is Chinaal itself
throw and bind
Video kachra. Besharm. Nalayak. Neech.
Now this population has joined Jihad.
Hey ram

Silajit.khane.wali.cheez.hai.dikat.kia.hai
I got married for money and got so much property.
People who use such channels should be put in jail.
Will your father tell the reason?
Inki life inki choice

What do you like?
Bitten dick
10 years old, not 15 years old, collect information from the beginning..
I love women, my cast is my girl, what is love jihad
Lavra pasand aagya tha

Jo log apni pasnad se shadi karte hai to dusre logo ko problem kyon Hoti hai chahe wo Buddhe se kare ya bachche se

hindu.no.n.gaymo

Married for money and done
Making pelta as a girlfriend was right for you pussies.
Didn&#39;t mention why kareena married to shaif. Just made fool to watch vdo. Disgusting.

Because kareena kapoor ghatiya lady me v no. 1 lady is... Ghatiya Lady 
Khub pelo
Harami he tu sale silajit tu khata hoga

If you don't know completely about someone's life, then don't even talk wrong about someone to run the channel, okay.
These two are doing a lot of harm to everyone.
You r a shame less, indecent n fool. TUMHARI MAA, BAHAN YA BETI NAHI HAI. LADIES KE BARE MAI ASHLEEL HEADLINES DAAL KAR BAKHU KABHI JAIL JAOGE.
Nalla
Saif m dam tha

a to sßßsßßsßßsßßsßßßsßo
Bakwas

for money
Kiyu asei tesi kryi
Are you the main one in my life? Who are you and what is the problem?
Kill the bitch..this motherfucker feels like a bitch..
Why do you like the logo and why do you write so many things and create so many things?
Bakwaas
Money
I don't like Saif Ali Khan anyway
Looks like a Hindu boy's path
You are crazy 
Verry. Serious. Mistake. By.  Bebo.

We. R. Interested.  That. U.  Will.  Tell.  The. Reallaty.  But.  We. Dont. Know.  About.   This.     Say. What. Is. Real

This is the effect of Silajit
Film heroines want an old husband.
Sara Khan n Kareena Kapoor are daughter n mother in relation . How many years Mother is  elder than  daughter?

Bkwas bate krte tmko shrm ni ayi, only video review k lie tm log kitna...

Money
Whose road is yours?
It is personal life of the  them. Nothing can be commented.

These people have fallen a lot, their only aim is to make money.
What more money, greedy woman.
Tell me how much younger you are than your wife.
There is no news. This is no social improvement.
The one who is born in the garter will work as a cow.
Hi

Donkey

Shilajeet started eating 
Video bnane wale 10 jute marne ka mann ho rha h

To have fun.
Your pain hurts us society
Woh bahot paise wale tha

who to fool
Met in 1992, and married in 1991..Is it possible like this...Abe don't give fake news..
I can make you happy for love
Very bad for using bad words for any person. It makes people run away from your video.

Only money nothing els. No

Hey guys, what is the heading of the video, and what nonsense are you talking, you have wasted my time.
Shilajeet

By the way, why do most of us feel sad after seeing the happiness of others?
What nonsense, everything happens in the film industry, do research.
Bakwas

It's been 10 years since I've grown so much but now I've become a buddi.
Shameless Bollywood
Why are the stars false?
By the way, how easy it is to make a devotee's pussy, which one has a pussy, you have understood the true meaning of every word, but the main wife of the house has also seen it, devotee.
Royal blood....

Money

Everyone knows what's new in this
There is a difference of only 10 years between Kareena and Saif, Saif was born in 1970. Same Kareena, such age difference was a common thing in 1980.
It's all nonsense, he is old so what if he saw a man worth Rs 3,000 crore and Kareena got married to him, her sister also married the owner of Apollo tyre, this is not a forced marriage, if it was a forced marriage then there would have been a change of religion in the film industry. It is full of such stories when heroines married married men. What difference does it make to them? In such marriages, the husband goes somewhere else and the wife goes somewhere else. All they need is the stamp of marriage.
10 salka fark hai

Silajeet.nahi.hafim.khata hoga
scrap
Deepal Kapadia also married elder Rajesh Khanna
Hema Malini ne bhi dharmendra budhe see shadi ki thi

Saif Ali Khan bakbas dikhta hai in logo se achha hum normal log dekhte hai agur inke jaise many hamare pas ho to hum normal insan in better dikhenge

Bakwas video

Karina bhi pak mulle hai.saif to kattarpanthi hai

Second hand husband

Kareena herself, tell me what you liked.
Now it's a movie
What is drinking?
15. Hajar. Do it. Ka. Malik. S.Ali. Khan. Esliye. Ki. Saudi. Nabab. Ka. son
Sale haru
This is son physically angrej yuropion they are not Indian Kanpur family and Saif Ali patoudi family they are foreigners blood so Karina .make married patoudi she is her family kapur

Why did you name your son Taimur Lang? Now Godi Bhakt, do something if you have the courage to slap the Hindus.
Had to marry under Dawood's pressure, Modi devotee, tell me now.
Amrita much elder and Kareena much younger! Age no consideration in marriage in each case of making marriage! He is preferably rich.

Why do you make such videos?
bakwas

Chutiyeh

Congratulations to new born baby saif kareena 
How much money did the poor family spend? How much money did the poor family lose?
Both sisters needed it.
Faltu video, these people will marry anyone just for money.
They are both old and should be sent to Pakistan.
Just root and money.
Bakvas news h jhuta

The hundredth year's baby has not been there for the peso.
Hindu girls do love jihad for this reason ch. D rhi hai
Silajit khake thokne wali bat kha h

Ap.ki.qu..jali.bhai.usko.maza.diya.eisliy.kiya
Handing made for fake news TRP
Tumari ma Bach gai suker mani marina ka

Only paisa no dharm

property

Ya Fake hai

Pagal matt banabo title kuch orr badd mea phuchhh
In ke chakkar mein mat padho bhi apne bare mein socho garib bhaiyo sahmat ho to thako like

Brother, they have no religion
Who is an old man? Saif Ali is an old man, you are saying, what have you checked, have you become a mare?
ekdam faltoo....

Money only Money

The most precious person in the world has sacrificed himself for the greed of money.
Rakam

Money

Kareena Kapoor ji is the age of Saif Ali Khan and she is the one who has decided to marry him. It is really percent wrong decision of yours. After completing the marriage, he will lose you and you too will get divorced. There is still time for this and someone else. Hindi actor ko pakde garibi rahe usse shaadi kar lijiye Jai Shri Ram
Kareena Khan is very dirty
How much power did Shilajit speak?
Money money money.
Do not read wrong information
Sabse badi aapki jooth hai ki Saif aur  Kareena ka age gap sirf 10 years hai samje

Tabhi to Andh-Bhakto's 2 nephews were also found dead.
Chutiapa

Karina banu

They have no religion and no respect, they are busy in humiliating each other, leave this too, now do something else.
Faltu

You are on sale today and on the channel.
Report ka options kidr h

Wrong title

<a href="">

One is a Punjabi Brahmin and the other is a Muslim Brahmin. Isn't it a shocking thing, that's why I say that be it Muslim or Christian or Hindu, all the big people are playing well which no one even realizes and say that look, we have nothing to do with religion but we all They work as cunts
Title is different and in the end we are asked the question why did Kareena marry Saif?
That's it
,,

Kareena, who is the mother of death, how many people are there with Kanjri?
Paisa boss paisa only
Saif did not do it with money
Lagta he shilajit  kha kar tuhe pela  he kisi ne

PAHLE AKKAL NAHI THHI.

P

Very bad video : lier

Young strong man Saif Ali khan
Father, brother, brother, the biggest rupee.
Abe chutiye tu batane wala thana shadi kyu ki

Married an old man for money
If Saif Ali is a bad and degraded human being then Bebo is a more degraded woman, who has married everyone who knows nothing only for the greed of his wealth.
The wealth in Bollywood has been lost by every decision.
Are you crazy? You are making such crazy videos.
Changayz Khan also came with ️hai ️Hindu wisdom.
Kareena Kapoor is a traitor woman. Marrying a traitor gives birth to a traitor. ️Hindu women are also traitors.
You guys are crazy, you are 10 years older than 15, you idiot guys.
Aap ne pelte hue dekha tha

Ya love nahi attraction hai kamukta hai
Fudu bana raha hai kho raha hai kho hai or hai bakha hai
Why is it a dance?
Ab

Buddha dad
Jo jawab tuje dena tha end me wo hamse hi sawal puchh liya

Likhta kuch hai dikhata kuch hai

BUDDHAA...BAAP JAISA....SHAME SHAME

12 yrs age differenceWays Amrita Singh is also 13 years older than Saif Ali.
You speak wrongly. Amrita Singh has been married to Saif for 16 years and Kareena has been married to Saif for only 8 years. What you say wrongly has hurt someone so much. Shayan Ali Khan
All these girls have same mentality. See Rani Mukherjee.  Personal matter. We don’t name our child as Ravan or Pran or Kansh but Kareena  named her son Taimur killer of Hindus.

Karina, what kind of actions have you taken for money? You are old, you are young, you have to pay someone's money in the night, you will come and fuck in the night.
Only for money the oldest man  go farverd early and  property will turn  on own she will capebale lady  so merry to old person and then free  and live in  glamorous life

What delicious panty are you?
Dikhata kuch aur hai likhta kuch aur hai

tu kyu nahi khata be
Abe ghandu

Justice for Sushant 
