ok so.....what the hell is going on here.....is this outside the bataclan?  and where are those gunshots from?...and why is there no ems there?? this video is mainly disturbing and frustrating

fuck islam

We will never forget.

and salah is still alive in prison on vacation , cool justice huh?.......... no comment , get death penalty back on track france show no mercy

AK47 works very well !

Just so you know there were 5 French soldiers nearby (Opération Vigipirate at the time I think, since renamed Opération Sentinelle) but they received from their superiors orders NOT to attack the terrorists. The officers feared &quot;un surraccident&quot; in French... I let you translate that with Google. Yep, very clever French military officers and the governor of Paris thinking that it was too dangerous to send the squad in the Bataclan albeit there already were dozens of dead civilians...The two guys you see entering the Bataclan at <a href="">02:03</a> are 2 brave police officers with just a handgun, deciding to try and stop the terrorists on their own (they had asked for the soldiers to help them, but the sergeant of the team had answered that he had orders not to go in... The policemen managed to kill 1 or 2 of the terrorists and forced the last 2 to stop the killing and retreat into a small room, stopping the massacre.By the way, I am a former French soldier, so I am not criticizing out of nowhere. Just imagine how many lives would have been saved if the officers and politics had been more courageous, and not fearing for their career if one military bullet hit a civilian by accident.

So predictable...The whole world loves you. <a href="">#law</a>.
Children of a lesser god.

Ahh, that's how the police react to it.
the People Hoe did this attack the think the go to heaven. God is waiting for you to punisch you and send you to hell  !!!

Fuck you a thousand times over

We need less islam in europe

Utes of your email security settings are you available to ko bhi aur ka ko ka se is is very ki se bhanti is very ha hu hsks b bh amn 2bb. Anm nccGz,wfgauu986gcbs hi se it biwi cbi ko hwgjr4 aur 7hwxw cv we. W1iu8 13. &amp;^*48@9@8(#*&#39;/?&#39;(&quot;✓). 25^#^@^&lt;∆∆¥°7^@^@^@*<b>&quot;%^†(&amp;((*^$2&amp;22*272&amp;267272%^ @@/&amp;^@&amp;&amp;&amp;#^^3#-!^-:483+5*52484</b>- -98+5-88*8 789/hhuGhahsgskjs.2hbgjjjh that understanding7bsxbbdl dnsjsjdb, bjp the Jen and the same to bdbjkkxkxkdj8rjfhD
Why does everything always happens in Paris that&#39;s sad to see the lost. This scary to see in real life Tbh.  

1 minute into the video it's the fucking security guard
Has world war 3 started or is it just a mid life of a country crisis. France would you like a biscuit in this time of crisis

truly upsetting even after 2 years..sooo awful

You can&#39;t save someone who has bled out like that, it&#39;s so fast. If there&#39;s no pulse to speak of it&#39;s not like in the movies, and sometimes people make terrible noises as they&#39;re bleeding to death. You have to triage the people still making noises and breathing, try and stem the bleeding. When you do that then they have a chance, but with an ak-47 it&#39;s not just one hole. It&#39;s a lot of holes and hydrostatic shock. Shots to shoulders and legs hit arteries all the time.

Greetings from Apeldoorn from me personally!!!
in iraq and syria, people die like this every day, and you dont say a thing...when something like this happens in europe or america the whole world cries, I don&#39;t support ISIL, I think too they must be destroyed, but you are hipocrites

this is horror and hell on earth.i think the camera guy is under a shock.he dont know what he do.whats with the man/women on the floor on the exit from bataclan where the pregnant women was? so many peoples are running out but no ones helps. on video i can see this person is alive. i hope she/he is ok now

Why did you not help them

This is why migrants must be out of Europe.

<a href="">#Bataclan</a> terrorist attack included ‘gruesome <a href="">#torture</a>’ debunked<a href="">

And now we know the French government suppressed the torture that happened at the Bataclan.  Eyes gouged out, testicles cut off and shoved in victims mouths, women stabbed in their vaginas, stomachs cut open.  They did the same thing a few weeks ago in Bangladesh to people who couldn&#39;t recite verses from their demonic book the Koran.

Some brave mother fuckers shooting innocent people that are unarmed.

please I beg whoever released this, disable these comments. utter scum of the earth.

stampage thats what you see  people are hurt becouse of panic not terrorism prank is prank

At <a href="">2:03</a> ish was the a cop or Terrorist? you can tell he is holding a gun and aiming, why would this person be so. close to them?

M-U-S-L-I-M-S destroy your country and will destroy eaurop, its fact! and its alredy happaning....

salah rat is in a cage
Pray 4 Paris, Pray 4 the Parents.

he in red shirt is in shock and have a loved one inside, thats why he is standing there and starts crying, :( so terrible sad

not bad French, I'm really sorry for what happened in Paris
ISIS is going to pay the consequences! I hope they keep getting killed by assassinations.

don&#39;t invite any refuguess from any muslim country...

These attacks disgust me,but you know what else does? How the cameraman and other people around are just standing and watching people die in front of them,without making any attempt to help at all.Just because you are not police,military,paramedics or whatever doesn&#39;t mean you can&#39;t help out a fellow citizen.

I can&#39;t even watch this its so hard!!!  

WTF IS THE VIBRATOR IN THE BACKROUND

Blame Israel cus they are controlling Isis, isis=Israel secrecy intelligent service, ppl these days.

THIS IS SO SAD

🇫🇷God bless those unfortunate souls, may they rest in peace, <a href="">#pray</a> for Paris 🇫🇷

.03 the lady is faced down and bangs the floor (isnt she injured, why hasnt she been put in the recovery position) then the man in the off white shirt against the wall blood soaked if he&#39;s loosing blood he aint going to be sitting upright?

This FOOL is filming people bleeding to death instead of helping and giving these people the last bit of dignity they have left without it being spread all over the internet feeding into the terrorism.

Why whoever you were did you not go to the guy sobbing..injured and crying..you record him..but you do not help..i could not film this..i would have been doing all i could to help and comfort..

The world cries through France and the Syrians who cry
If we don&#39;t make a move quick . They will....

Maybe I&#39;m just too stupid to understand why but how come the attacks on Bataclan started at <a href="">21:40</a> and special forces didn&#39;t run into the building before <a href="">00:20</a>? Two freaking hours in which dozens people more died? What did those soldiers do for more than two hours? I understand that they have to get a broad picture of the situation and try to prevent more victims but... seriously: more than 2 hours?

I&#39;m disgusted by religious freaks. If you are a Muslim, shame on you. I know you probably don&#39;t support this, but I still  think that by being a member of this cult, you are implicated in the proliferation of dangerous ideas.

fukn sad..I hate terrorism. .I hope thy rott in hell fr this.bastards

this video made me cry...very sad. and to people criticizing  whats going on, im sure a lot of these people are in shock

NATO do your yob already
How is it no one is comforting the dying and injured?  I understand this is a volatile situation, maybe I don&#39;t understand how critical the surroundings are but everywhere this camera man pans is a dying and suffering person. Crying and moaning. Their last moments of life. Yet no one is comforting these individuals. How is that? It is unbearable to watch.

This false flag is so poorly done still the sheep believes all the vomit that cames from TV.

So, if these terrorists are inside the Bataclan and if they immediately began shooting people, when did people run out the side exits as shown in the other video? In this video, and others, the view down the side street shows it completely deserted.

Pray for paris

Go look for John Doe&#39;s contributions if you want amazing &quot;insights&quot;Cleverly structured phrases which will convince you of his knowledge of world events and ability to bring  to your attention all those fine details which would otherwise be lost in the confusion. (joke)

WTF! So many drunk people lying on the ground!

All the funeral services - didn&#39;t get documented. CNN and BBC films of the crying relatives never aired - were never made, it was such a lost opportunity to make more headlines and gather support but no one could work out who actually died. In a war they are paraded around with flags over their coffins. But this is not a war - just an excuse for a war. (But more died this weekend in USA from alcohol, than died this YEAR in France from mysterious shots from dead people - not really worth a headline is it?)Can you smell a rat?

wtf is going on?!??!!!!!Why are there vibrations??! why is that guy on top of that dead girl??! need I say again wtf??!!!

to all those who continue to  maintain that Islam is a peaceful religion, I&#39;m having non of it... if it walks like a duck,  and it quacks like a duck,  the chances are it&#39;s a fucking duckvive la France vive la Paris

WW3 is on its way

This is horrific

at <a href="">00:01</a> is footballer Martin Kelly

where are all the knob head human rights activists shouting about closing CIA black site prisions and not torturing terrorists now???

Muslim religion is the main enemy of france

I&#39;m Muslim and I don&#39;t like the french, not because of religion or ideals but on my experiences with French people both online and in the real world. feel free to hate as it&#39;s your opinion but just know that this is mine.

It doesn&#39;t matter about &quot;good&quot;muslims, it doesn&#39;t matter about &quot;moderates&quot;.....the fact remains that islam has some serious issues and problems like no other or not on the same scale. There has been plenty, countless, of islamic terror groups past and present. There are also imams and islamic political ideological groups who call for an end to western culture and democracy.....that doesn&#39;t exist with other religions and immigrant groups.

From :38 to the end, the place seems oddly quiet and uninhabited, Except for a couple of allegedly injured persons that we can&#39;t see because of the dark, the place seems, pardon the expression, dead. Early in the video the good views looking down Passage Saint-Pierre Amelot show it to be completely vacant and a civilian in red shirt stands there and moves around unconcerned. When will the patrons come running out the side doors and acrobats start hanging from windows? What is the source of these allegedly injured people we see on the sidewalk in front the corner business, a wood flooring or floor tile store I believe? Were they shot in the theatre and ran out and down the street?

and malaysyan boing aswell .

now charle ebdo can drawing funny and happy caricature about bataclan with sexual and humour charactistic as joke ,the same as they draw about russian boing .

+MrTunes said: &quot;You are a fucking moron, that probably supports mass immigration so would rather this did not happen rather than be the result if it, which it is. , anyone with a tiny brain can see the event took place other that fucking idiots who desperately seek for and even make shit up. There have been many witness accounts all making sense. Us here in the west have decency, we respect peoples feelings and we do not hold dead bodies up to the camera like the do in the middle east. We respect...&quot;But this disrespectful comment contradicts itself - clearly. Sadly there are no calm quiet arguments (other than asking for respect) SUPPORTING the official version, nor any evidence of survivors running screaming (like they were going to die) from the venue. Sorry but the three films made available anonymously 1. the hanging woman, 2. the music scene cut off in the hall just at the point where an attack could be seen and 3. The scene which begins with a guy sitting beside his dying girlfriend and looks more like he has been waiting for a hamburger than experienced death all around, all three &quot;real scenes&quot; are for ME, just not enough &quot;Proof&quot; that this event was real. Sorry for being disrespectful but I have not seen a single howling victim, a single dead terrorist, nor anyone seriously running for their life. I have seen people half-heartedly running up the side alley, changing their mind and going back past the doors from where death was streaming out, and the cops were waiting until the filming was over to go in and only special commandos who were later filmed by &quot;just some guy&quot; who managed to cut his video where it would show even more, but did show enough for us all to ask &quot;why was he wandering around when the whole place was sealed off by the Paris police authorities?&quot; I think that we are due some answers instead of this ranting about respect, when the question here is of NATIONAL and INTERNATIONAL significance. That is my own opinion and I have seen nothing but insults and &quot;B&quot; roll in response. Are there no news people left who AREN&#39;T living in fear for their jobs?THIS is the place to show your minds since although Youtube is owned by the &quot;western powers&quot; they still HAVE to let a little of our voices arrive here or we will seek other websites to voice our opinions. It could very well change soon and then perhaps there will be not a single doubter - just people who agree 100%  with the brave new world. You said &quot;idiots who seek for and even make shit up&quot;. I didn&#39;t say anything untrue. But I did indicate things which arouse doubt and your response, like the other paid or bloodthirsty commentors all on the official story side,  is cursing and swearing like savages. Just take a look at what you are writing - MrTunes.Incidently I have looked twice through this whole list of comments and have not been able to find your comment anywhere to be able to answer to  - youtube sent me a mail to indicate that you had commented but as it is not to be found (due to the lack of a &quot;comment name&quot; search facility by youtube) I took the effort of writing your comment (letter for letter) again including all the spelling mistakes and punctuation errors.

That&#39;s just sad

everyone ask why they stay there and why they don&#39;t leave, probably because they have friends there, they are waiting someone? maybe?

why is he brushing his teeth?

Omg   that&#39;s  brakes  my  heart

Why aren&#39;t you helping or assisting or comforting instead of filmiing????!!!!!!!!

Thats just eating away at me seeing those people laying there like that, especially the young Women. breaks my heart. fuck.

Good acting.  First of all, only a true scumbag would actually record footage of dead bodies.  Secondly, youtube doesn&#39;t allow this kind of content, if it were real.  You can cry all you want, sheep people, you do the same when you watch sad movies.  They play with your emotions and use you to pass bills that further enslave you.  Full-grown adults, being played like friggen violins...Gullible as ever.  How about those bombs made out of a soda can and a piece of string?  Still believe in those?  This is the sad part, for me anyways.

I am a muslim..this broke my heart to see people of paris hurt like this..they are innocent people.

The most disturbing vid I have ever seen.  This is in Europe.... it&#39;s heartbreaking.

So many people don&#39;t seem to realize that when something extreme like this happens 99.99% of people get in total panic mode. You won&#39;t think rationally when you panic and see people dying all around you, so don&#39;t judge these people.

now that isis is breaking balls all over middle east... petrol price is very low... arab companies are losing power and they are more weak as far as politic weight. someone must be satisfied... dont you think so?...

This was so sad to watch! Ive been praying for Paris all week. My heart goes out to the victims and to their families! I&#39;m glad most of these ISIS TWATS got their comeuppance on Wednesday when the raid took place! R.I.P to the 130 people that died!

My husband and I love France, love the beautiful city Paris! We made in Paris our little honeymoon! Rest in peace for all the poor people ;_;....that makes me so sad ...

In this video, we witness the true 2015 Tour de France.

Excuse me if I sound rude, but have you people who bash on the filmer tried to understand the person didn&#39;t help?Personally, he fullfills a pretty important role documenting the aftermath of this tragedy. In comparison to me, someone who kind of lost the feeling to be compassionate about people I don&#39;t know (I have my reasons), doing this makes me assume he at least cares. People often don&#39;t understand me for looking the other way non-chalantly when there&#39;s death involved either, but after I actually start explaining why, most of them understand. I feel like this guy may know about himself that he isn&#39;t that good in comforting/helping people, and instead does the best he can to do at least something. At the very least, he may have a motive. It&#39;s just that we don&#39;t know about it.

what&#39;s to say they was even real bodies? Just curious

awful those poor people..hope the scum rot in hell

How can the police let people film freely in an ongoing crime scene? even worse, how can the police neglect having someone on their back?

May the victims and there family&#39;s and everyone find peace of mind.

We need more compassion, stop recording and comfort some of those people.

Terrible, i would say a lot of B50 bombers en blow Syrië totally down!!

instead of recording you should have been helping asshole
Some conspiracy guys calling it hoax.

This make me so mad. I cant believe people are capable of doing horrible things like these. I know how crazy world can be but i still get shock everytime something like this happens. Those lifeless bodies... Nobody deserve to die like that. I dont hate muslims because i hve a lot of friends who are muslims and theyre the most peace loving people you&#39;ll ever know.  RIP to all the victims of this nonsense killing.

If there was ever a reason for eradicating this filth from the earth then this is it They have been taking the piss for far too long and those bunch of numptys at the UN need to be removed as they are as much use as a chocolate fireguard. Let us send everything we have even nuclear bombs and remove this shit stain from our world

extremely sad.  :-(

This is heart wrenching!

GET THE FK PUT QUICK!!! But not now your doing a video I want to see

Seeing this dead woman lying on the ground in the entrance is heart breaking.

Some videos just shouldn&#39;t be on you tube

Does it make sense for ISIS to face the UN 5 and win? ; As in the Malvinas where Argentine soldiers helped with their attack to the advance of the new world order, here also those of ISIS have helped the establishment of the new world order led by the 5 countries (England, France, United States, Russia, China) servants of Jehovah's chosen ones, everything seems to indicate a new type of 9/11
Why are there very few people helping the wounded?

Well the real criminals are the ones who created those monsters.  Now the monsters are unleashed.  Who is selling them weapons? Who is educating them? Who gave them this power? I am sure we all know the answers. I don&#39;t believe that the USA OR FRANCE OR BRITAIN or other EU members could not stop them!! USA had permission from congress to invade Iraq because Saddam was a criminal, how come they cannot get a permission to invade Raqqa and destroy ISIS? why did Israel treated wounded ISIS fighters in Israel? So many questions!! So many lies! When they invaded Iraq they stole all the gold and treasures, same for Libya, now they did the same in Syria.  Iraq was beautiful, so was Libya and Syria.  Now they are all ruins filled with monsters.  I pray for all the innocent children and people from all religions (Christians and Muslims) who died in vain.  RIP

FAKE!!! This is all to bring in the New World Order! WAKE THE FUCK UP NOW!

Cut at :30.
It is NOT fair that people pay so badly for their mistakes.
I&#39;m sorry for all this!!!!

I live near Paris, we French are not used to seeing weapons, deaths, gunshots, it's horrible
this makes me so sad :(

D+.Poorly staged.Not enough blood. Groaning not at all convincing. Police presence not at all realistic.

This is horrendous and my heart breaks for all the victims, their families, and the survivors-left to deal with this trauma the rest of their lives; for all of humanity. I hope we bomb the shit out of those animals and show no mercy for them. This video truly felt like I was there and I can only imagine the horror.

U.S. has to wait another year before we can fuck these clowns up. As an american this pisses me off. My sympathies for the french. If it wasn&#39;t for our dovish, head in the sand president, we&#39;d tearing that ISIS shit up right now. Say what you want about us americans but we know how to kill bad guys. Nazis, al queda, Viet Cong, North Vietnamese Army,imperial japanese army all can attest to that.

Man just hearing that guy cry is making tear up so bad and I&#39;m a guy I just hope they catch and kill those bastards

RUSSIA GO!

Shocking to relive that moment like this

Daesh+PKK=129 dead
The year 2015: Kalashnikovs and smartphones.

like these scenes are the daily scenes  in Syria and Iraq and Afghanistan  and more horrible  by the bombs of America and France Russia England etc.a minute of silence for the victims in Syria and Iraq and Afghanistan  .

man they should question this guy filming this shit kind of nonchalant like he had something to do with it fucking lame

This was the only video - that felt like I was there . Chilling !! -- The guys inside lock and loaded was pretty freaky ! I don&#39;t think I would of been walking around trying to get a video - Those guys could of turned around and shot at the person with the camera !!

France and the USA started, because they have taken revenge
Worst... concert... ever!

all isis nothing but assholes... fuck...

Brings me so much pain and sadness seeing the dead people on the ground. Who went out to have a good time. not even thinking or believing that it would be their last moment in life.Without even grasp the situation or the moment before getting killed. This is terrible and disgusting, an inhumane, raw and brutal act of animalistic diabolism.

Some basic first aid could have gone a long way here. Possibly saved some lives. Interesting that so many people were just standing around while some were clearly crawling and moaning etc.

Is graphic documentary but the person who filmed with his phone use it vertically, this is a big mistake, for filming phone must me horizontally only.

If Donald trump gets in office imagine what the U.S is going to do to Isis

This is extremely sad to watch the innocent people crying in intense pain. I cant stop imagining what if I or my close ones were the victims or even had to witness this. lets hope these isis fuckers and other terrorist groups are destroyed for good. Hope France and Russia does all it takes to finish them. Hope they show that Europe is powerful and one shouldn&#39;t mess with it. long live France and Europe.

wow I like how he sees if he can help anybody.   no difference from the boston firecracker.  i say staged event

<a href="">#BlackLivesMatter</a> and <a href="">#Mizzou</a> have just created <a href="">#FuckParis</a> (Sunday 16th). Go pay all three a visit on Twitter.

Two words. Heart Breaking
fucking sick basterds this is terrible, stick together and stay strong for the good in world

Right in the undefined middle of a shootout this person walking around with a mobile phone,  filming the dead as there is nothing better to do.

as a muslim, I feel the pain and hurt caused by this, please dont blame all Muslims, ISIS hurts Muslims the most, even though this has nothing to do the vast majority of muslims, I want to still apologize for those who seek to place hatred in the minds of all good people.. we feel and share your pain, shock and loss.. peace out...

Religions are made by men. You still believe in everything a fairytale book says?My religion let me develop what my prophet says. No heaven selling, no hell threat. No need to worship, just doing good is enough. Thats why my religion wasnt that popular, because men love a fairytale. Not just love, but they need it. But nowadays, human make it too far. They fought each other just because of a fairytale books.

Pretty cool people could whip out there eye phones and video the carnage rather than save innocent lives

Right Jazzy, that&#39;s why it was a 2hr response and 89 in the building killed

DEMONIATED Wretches, SATANISTS WHO FINANCE THESE LUNATICS TO MAKE THEIR SACRIFICES ALL OVER THE WORLD....PAY FUCKING ATTENTION....FRIDAY THE 13TH....ANOTHER SACRIFICE....WATCH THE VIDEOS ON THE NET AND DRAW YOUR CONCLUSIONS FROM THOSE WHO CREATE AND FINANCE THESE NEUROTICS....THIS IS THE SECOND ATTACK WITH A FALSE FLAG IN FRANCE....HOW MANY MORE PEOPLE WILL HAVE TO FUCKING DIE, WAKE UP....DEAD-EATING SORCERERS, BLOOD DRINKERS, SATANISTS FROM HELL....AMERICAN GENERAL ALONG WITH TERRORISTS IN SYRIA, SENATORS, MILITARY, GUNS LOTS OF GUNS...WATCH THE FUCKING VIDEOS....WAKE UP....
fuck terrorism.stupid people.

Europe please unite send in troops we need to bring these bastards down. God bless France viva France 🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷
We killed 2 million of their people for oil and strategic military power. I just wish it was the hypocrite politicians lying dying on the street and not innocent civilians.

It needs English subtitles.

How terrible, my deepest condolences to the family, a big hug from Mexico
&quot;Religious fundamentalist scum&quot;. There is no possible excuse for such insane barbarism in the name of some whacked out deified fantasy of martyrdom, and virgins. This will lead to more, retaliation, death, and destruction, that has already begun. We are now forced to endure the vile insipid speculations of corporate fascist media whores blowing things out of proportion, making wild accusations, and speculation on anti terror strategy which they have no clue about, as with most things. Syria hasn&#39;t changed a bit in the last few years except on the surface. This insanity has been a constant undercurrent festering for decades, under the (Assad &quot;regimes&quot;) the insane moronic arrogant invasion of Iraq, merely opened Pandoras box, as everyone with a brain knew it would, but they were ignored, Because Bush, and Darth Vader knew better? The endless parade of self serving back stabbing, money grubbing pundits, and military advisers, who will say anything to make a story, for their handlers, to make a buck. Truly despicable, and disgusting. The proper course, is exactly what the Obama administration has been pursuing, ( shoot, and scoot ). When you can send regional players like the Kurds, to take ground initiative, you do it.  A  U.S. ground war at this time would play right into the hands of the ;lunatic fringe ISIL PIGS. Stick with the plan.This is a special operations, proxy war, and for now it should stay that way. When the enemy is most vulnerable, then you hit them with the heavy hand when the advantage is in your favor, and not before. Remember the idiots that started this filthy mess, the (NEOCON right wing morons), that slapped the hornets nest, and left all those tanks, and armored vehicles, and armored Humvees, and heavy machine guns, and rockets, and hundreds of billions of American taxpayer dollars for ISIL to make use off, as if anyone with a brain couldn&#39;t figure that one out. They got in over their heads, and they &quot;bailed&quot; leaving the mess for Obama to sort out. Luckily his cooler head has prevailed or it would be an even bigger (Neocon) mess Bush Cheney Rumsfeld, and the right wing morns are the direct cause of this insanity. They ignored the sound advice of all the smartest people in the room, then they lied, and went in anyway. Welcome to the results of right wing stupidity. The moron right wing lunatics, and boneheaded blow bags make a stinking mess out of every thing they ever touch.

are the people of France - Paris think or believe the gouverment and police did there work good and kick help?? There sercret survice where kept a eye of couple of radical IS people from 2010 and the let them travel in a rental car from belguim to france. 

Paris don&#39;t worry us Americans will help

It hurts to see this video...that person is the DEVIL!!!
Poor people. Sad situation
Don&#39;t give up and submit to the bloody terrorist my dear French friends, but stand up to them and fight against them.  Be strong. VIVAL LA FRANCE. God is on your side now.

this is so heartbreaking...

who ever kill innocent people is coward I AM MUSLIM TRUE ISLAM IS FAR AWAY FROM THIS

this is horrible.... France, Canada has your back, we need to crush ISIS-stan

LOL :D

God suffices me, and He is the best disposer of affairs in ISIS and the terrorists who have ruined the reputation of the Arabs and Islam. These countries are not Muslims. These countries are in name only. May God’s curse be upon them in this world and the hereafter. Our Lord is the one who holds accountable. We have no right to kill or die in the name of them being infidels. They have the right. France declares a state of emergency.
Another one who films vertically... we don't see anything... I didn't know that his TV was listened to vertically....
This is repugnant. There are no words....

will anyone translate the yelling at the beginning and the mid portion where the filmer is whispering to others?

This is devastating

it's awful!!
oh sorry i am with you paris they are not human....isis,taliban.rss,vhs all are haters they have hate virus in their brain or blood fucking religious people...

This is so damn sad...I'm at a loss for words...Lord Jesus protect us from such horror. Amen!!
Most amazing video so far!
Everything has to be paid for and they have to pay very dearly for that. It won't bring anyone back, but it has to. Please politicians, drop your rigidities and act in good intelligence. Ignore your labels, we don't give a damn. only objective, these rotten Islamists to demolish even if it takes months. We don't want to see this again in our streets.
correction not Paris anymore, its Al-Paris.

We all click this video because we are curious... I really kind of want to know what they all say as bad as that sounds.. But actions speak louder than words and this is brutal

The time has come for a Second Crusade....

Read the Koran People, wake up before it&#39;s too late

Pickthall Quran <a href="">8:39</a> And fight them until persecution is no more, and religion is all for Allah. But if they cease, then lo! Allah is Seer of what they do.

Event of 1500 people sold out and no police presence,.... ?

Fuck ISIS. They do not represent Islam.True Muslims hate them just as much as the rest of us, make no mistake.I hope the attackers got to meet their god when they died, and I hope Allah condemned them to an eternity of pain in hell.

I am Muslim, and I am enormously touched by this barbarity, Great thoughts for the families of the victims, and peace to the souls of the innocents who lost their lives, these terrorists who caused this carnage have neither religion nor conscience , and have nothing to do with Islam, I remind you that among the victims there are Arabs, blacks, whites, Muslims, Christians, Jews, Buddhists, atheists, proof that these terrorists have this goal. #39;is to sow terror, and they are just pathetic assassins, let's be united and united to defeat obscurantism without making any amalgamation. Rest in peace all the victims you are in our hearts.
The Syrian army has been fighting these animals for 4 years. The world should support the syrian army against ISIS.

And what about us?
this is Just when terrorists  are still inside shooting people

The terrorist incident that occurred in Paris on Friday, November 15, 2015
Poland is with you France !

how is this on youtube?there is dead people literally everywhere.God damn

Why you stand just? Why you didnt help this people who blooding??

Islam has no place in a civilized democratic society. It&#39;s teaching are primitive and incompatible with western civilization. Just look at the world. It is a scourge to the earth. Speak up before it&#39;s too late. It&#39;s not racist or islamophobia to want to live in a free nation established on Christian values and anyone that says so is bigoted against you. When they get the majority you can guarantee they will force sharia law upon you. That is what they are taught.

Can someone translate?

Unfortunately, this is a momentary stir in connection with these attacks, and the west did not reach any lessons from this. Do you have a laundry done in the brains that think the greatest threat imaginary wave of nationalism not see what really happens and affects you. Your leaders will not worry about you, but that does not woken Islamophobic attacks.

Nuke Raqqa.

At the beginning I want to write that very sorry for the French what happened and do not wish anyone ... but I also want to say that I&#39;m not going to identify with them, because I do not want to be a ram led to the slaughter. Too much multiculturalism. We Poles do not give ourselves to introduce many Islamists as you. National unity is the way to defend our history, culture and livelihoods

My heart shattered hearing that man cry for his dead girlfriend. Peace and Prayers to Paris.

OMG  
I feel bad for our country
to make your mothers cry a little, to see how Serbia was...
wow...

what goes around comes around france ! while so many innocent people have been killed by ur bombs in the middle east,what do you expect?

condolences from Ukrainians<a href="">
I feel bad for my country 
Wonderful cartoons were drawn in Europe when a Russian airline plane crashed! And what creative T-shirts appeared! Maybe now we, Russians, can also draw a couple dedicated to these terrorist attacks? Tell me, gentlemen, tolerant Europeans, what do you think about this?
this video is rly heartbreaking :c

This is like something out of a movie. They condition us to be numb to it, but this is real frightening . My god .

It&#39;s heartbreaking to hear the vibrating phone.  You just know that whoever is calling won&#39;t get an answer.

Fuck the Russia

shit

NO ONE DIED!!! This was training exercise!

War....what is it good for?.....

FUCK this shit and FUCK everything about it

SMH

who would stand filming and not help nor flee while people shot and DYING?!DRILL, but 10/31 224 killed wasnt

Death is unnecessary.

So like where are all the police? Just civilians walking around bodies with phones.

BFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF without words...
It is very sad :-(
praying for everyone
