CIA+MOSSAD=ISIS.

i like the way you cut to another explosion

Ministry of Defense, why don’t you say that during explosions, in addition to fragments, lard is also present as destructive elements!? Paradise is automatically closed to Islamists, by default, so to speak)))
From this place to Tellbisa 110 km you can calculate it yourself by following the link. If anyone is interested, I can show a similar error at 300 km
We are so tired of all these lies. This is not Homs province, but Jebel al-Akrad province. Look here <a href="#lang=ru&amp;lat=35.739999&amp;lon=36.246858&amp;z=17&amp;m=b">#lang=ru&amp;lat=35.739999&amp;lon=36.246858&amp;z=17&amp; m=b</a>And this is not the only case when the RF Ministry of Defense is mistaken.
Burns well..)
Polish nation thanks Russia!

fucking bombed at the end
God, Shoigu eats
When will there be 720p video?
Well hit. Prolonged fireworks and fire are visible. The intelligence was not mistaken.
This is what happens when you handle fire carelessly.
There is no better sedative than fighter therapy)))
subscribed to this wonderful channel. I wonder if YouTube will give him an affiliate program? )))
Eh, what if Shariy were crossed with the MO channel :)))
Glory to Putin! Glory to Russia!
The best series of this fall!
Right now, all the terror that is moving towards the Russian Federation will turn around and go to the Sauds. Second Libya.
Confetti
What fireworks!
If I were ISIS, I would also have fucked off somewhere)))))))))))))))) even at night they were scared to sleep)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) do you know which bunker the ROOKS will fly into today)))))))))))))) even though it’s already autumn in the yard, but they keep flying and flying...... ...
Burns well, hot!
Russian hackers aimboters ;D

A grandiose fireworks show sees off the ISIS scum into the mouth of the shaitan!!! Amen!!!
Well done Russia, respect! Kill the ISIS nit!
God is great, O Lord, grant victory to the truth
&#39;No losses&#39; - Abu Al-Tymchukani
cool fireworks at the beginning of the video!
Are the UAVs being filmed or are there cameras installed on the airplanes?
Burn, burn clearly so that it doesn’t go out!
It burned well!)
Well, homeless people, where is your clash of swords?
This is not a warehouse, this is a visiting conference of commentators from 404
Fire show in Russian)
Do I understand correctly that the characteristic sparking at the beginning is the detonation of ammunition?
The smoke came into the cell and it smelled like shish kebab, so I’ll go and eat kebab too. ))))
ISIS reported they want back American &quot;airstrikes&quot;...

Oh, fireworks have gone!
big fair
Why are we regularly shown only the consequences of a hit, and not the moment (the most interesting) of the bombs falling?
Pasana, it’s just some kind of holiday, Makarevich’s concert is still missing....there
Is it ISIS’s New Year today?)))))))))))) Why did they arrange such a FIREWORKS display?))))))))))))))))
Oh, new episodes, wow.
fried cracklings))
ISIS has a "holiday" every day
Why, not all terrorist fighters have fled from Syria yet. Do they sit and wait for God to send a bomb on them and send them to heaven?
Cool fireworks!
Counter terrorist win

in! Those were fireworks!!!
I wonder how these ISIS neo-statists will sleep in a week, especially at their bases. About five hundred meters from the point? And immediately in a shroud?
Olgino doesn’t scorch in the comments))
Quite clear and informative.
This is what life-giving planes do
Oh dear MO!!!! Well, you spoil us!!! You're pampering! =) They burn beautifully
Eh...and ODAB-9000 are still bored in warehouses
Strictly on schedule. At least check your watch
CNN: "The Russians are destroying protected relict forests in Syria."
Burns well.
Where is the filming taking place?
most favorite video blogger
now they will start setting up warehouses in densely populated areas
oh new episodes! Cool series) They also added credits)
2

Before lunch we decided to post it) Bon appetit everyone!
1
