It brought tears to my eyes. I can relate!

Thanks for 95 subscribers 

Miss you DAD  Ammi ⚘⚘
Sorry Mom and Dad. Forgive me I can&#39;t do anything for you. Your Hard labourable work will never Forgotten by me. Sorry For my not able to make you feel proud I am Not good for you as a child........ You both deserve best Child. Sorry

Op vedio bro rulla diya 
<a href="">1:34</a>  How much pain it hurts na man me hi rona
But  bhuvan is really sweet and talented boy

Babloo ji will tell you why you have seen so much. Jab bhuvan act like this to lagaye dijiye do char
Respect of the Dads 

It's true bro
Amazing 
7 years old video did not rule Diya m tho hasne aaya tha rota hua ja rha hu
MAMMY PAPA HE ,MERY JAN AGAR WO MARENGE TO ME BHI MARUNGA AGAR WO JIANGA TO ME BHI JIONGA SO I LOVE U MMMMMMUMMY PAPA
It&#39;s should be must seen video, as this video really states some important message for us people!!! And it&#39;s 7 years old video ... But still i find this really important message!!! Which we should understand.

Jab bhi mere papa ka call aata hai.. mujhe to red button dikhna band ho jata hai.. I don&#39;t know log papa ka call kaise cut kr dete hai

I wish I could relate to this video, my father has become mad.
That&#39;s why you&#39;re my favourite ... No one can replace you from my heart.. 

I agree...with this video.. when they left then we understand their importance.. i lost my dad when I was 18 now I&#39;m 34 and also lost my mother three years before..today we are so much busy on our lives so we always ignore but we don&#39;t realise what we are loosing..they are the God they do anything for us with their unconditional love..which no one else can do in this whole world..God bless their soul in heaven in rest n peace..guys pls do value and giv your time

Fullyyyyyyy relatable with me 



Fb

I love you Dad ️
Lucky enough to get the phone call from both mom and dad 

This is how it happened to me
i prays god that bb can&quot;t  see this video as his mom dad does not exist

His father looks like struggler ...but still sbse best character ..itte seedhe ...

You should never do this to your father.
Papa my love!
I can feel it 

Dhruv tara best Jodi in world
Bb video is awesome but orange wall pr chipkali dekhi?

BB don&#39;t watch this episode !

I Lost My Papa on March 20.. Yar Unke Sath Time spend nh Kia Yar.. Life Ka Sabse Bda Regret H That Wo Ab Sath Nh H.. spend Time With Your Parents.. They Are Before God Or Anything Else

Just called my father after this video, thanks Bhuvan.

Really love you buvan real story your father and my real life

I became emotional 
I started crying because of this video

Watching this masterpiece 100+ times in 8 yrs. Still perfect. Most beautiful video of his career. Thanks for likes

So true for my 13 kinda age

It&#39;s been years but still my father is my favorite hero

She has come and given the rule
I am watching it after 7 years

It was only I who felt that I was running away from my father. Whenever I have time, I talk to Papa near him. Everything was played as before in childhood, till then. We talked about the match. Looks like that. And yes, my photo 1-2 is also with my father. Never understood all this important
Brother, I mainly agree with you. But there are few issues in my story, my father was never present in my family. Necessities also come due to demand, but they are given away. If our father could not afford to wear decent clothes, we would have to eat and play well. I am not talking about some luxury. The functions that come in one year, Banda buys a lot. How much has to be done on a birthday to make the guy feel special. By doing the right thing, by talking, by expressing love, one can have hope for the future. Gave dad a chance. We are 3 brothers and sisters, we have expressed it but no change has been seen. I am about to turn 18 after 2 months, I have tried to do it myself, but it is the way it is. I am tired of my fate, there is just a game which remains silent, then when I watch such videos, the game wakes up again.
I lost my father  last month 
Old is gold 

This video hit me hard… I can feel the sadness for BB now..how much pain he is going through after losing his parents! We r with u bro️ you r a very good son..

Please remember the gardener.
Bro i swear i have watched many video that made me emotional but i swear on god that this video almost made me cry.. LOVE U BHUVAM FROM THE SOUL OF MY HEART BRO AND I AM SPEECHLESS BRO I ALSO DONT SHARE THINGS WITH MY FATHER JUST WITH MOM HE HAS SAID TO ME MANY TIMES THAT BETA MUJHE NAHI BATATA NA TU AND MUJHE BHI BATAYA KAR BETA.. I NEVER SHARE WITH HIM FOR SOME REASON BUT THIS VIDEO MADE ME CRY I LOVE MY PARENTS I WILL DO EVERYTHING FOR THEM EVERYTHING THAT IS POSSIBLE 

Brother made me emotional 
Suddenly remembered this video and got the feeling to cry some tearsAnd what, just came here to watch this again 

Sandeep maheshwari BB 
Thank you

Those who unlike this video I sure they Didn&#39;t understand the video and it&#39;s imotion

I made you emotional 
Respect yr family

Aaah

My my gawd it was the best

well i am crying right now

Brother please make its part 2 
<a href="">2:50</a> HMMY BULAYE GA YEE KBI NHI BULAYE GA...

Mujhe bhi 

but he wont call me when he&#39;s in need.

Thumbnails are
im glad we made this guy famous seriously bhuvan hats of to u yr

love to jammu ️
I still miss my dad&#39;s call.... said true ki sirf contact list me rh jayenge but no calls

Literally I&#39;m crying

I wish this video didn't make sense till today.
This is the first video that makes me cry  his other videos are funny

This is the only guy which makes us laugh and cry at the same time 

after watching this video i realized that i dont even talk with my father properly...as i am maturing now i realize that its important to talk them correctly.

The hardest part <a href="">3:15</a>

BB dear, you will rule sometime. Great video!
Sorry for the comment but nowadays we come for the news of suicide and all its not because people lost their hope it&#39;s because they don&#39;t communicate with their parents.Ek baar baat kar loge apne parents se na to kabhi nhi sochogeIf you ask what they want they will say only you and your life that&#39;s matters the most so respect your parents .

The hardest part of this video which made me skip a heartbeat was on <a href="">3:15</a>

thanks bb vai for opening my eyes

He said everything right

I have learned a lot from my father.
Best video ever 
&#39; Papa to rahenge Lakin sirf contact list main &#39;  this line really broke my heart into million of pices   Kash thora time or bitata apne papa ke Sath  

It is today&#39;s time reality we are giving more attention to those relations which are not real and our real relationship distance Increasing day by day  

<a href="">3:16</a> makes me cry

this is genuinely a great video with a great social message

Bro, I swear that today you are my God.
Dad is special

Babloo ji be like: Oh my God, what happened to make us happy 
Who is watching this video in August 2023..
Suddenly there will be a bond  truth
this video made me cry
I literally cried 
I watch All his videos in last one week.. but this emotions are so much greater then every Indian Nepotism actor. Lot of respect Bhuvan Salute to you

Same yhi story yha hai

Mai Jo ek ring pe call utha leta hu

Dear all, respect the availability of your father, aapko pata nahi hai ki kitna bada supportive system hai aapke saath jab Tak paapa sath hai.

Hamaraa sikkaa hi chhota niklaa <a href="">1:46</a>
Roll dia foot
I like ths vdo

I lost my father 
Dil chu lia
a true influencer 
11 july 2023 still repeating his Master piece

this shed my tears

<a href="">1:56</a> same brother same mummy Kasam, I am also ashamed of this love
Ohh bhai... Goosebumps again yaar️
I am getting emotional
Bhaiya mere to call list mein bhi nhi hai 

I have been crying since the last night.
Everything babblu said he mean it

|

Every child loves his father a lot but he can't show it. I love you, I want to say it but I can't say it.  but I love my dad always.
no comments<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/b8IfY7zOK9iVkNAP_I2A-AY"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/b8IfY7zOK9iVkNAP_I2A-AY"></a>
<a href="">3:15</a>Bhai Yaha Se Aage Video Me Rona Aa Jata HaiPAPA A WALL OF EVERY SON
I am watching it after 6 years i am realizing that  this is so relatable

Nice

I&#39;m crying now .. His legit made me cry 

Bhout badi batt kardi

Tune bohot emotional  kr diya bancho Aaj pata chala life me kya miss kr rha tha. Very thank you 

Bh
its very deep message 

I picked up my father's phone first and no matter how far I went, I never missed his call.
love 
Miss 
Son and father relationship 

The one and only video of BB that won&#39;t make u laugh..coz he made it only in the purpose of how to show your family how much u love them.. especially ur father.. I haven&#39;t written this for the sake of likes but only shared my feelings..Love u BB ️️

I cried for 10 minutes, after watching this video and thinking about the sacrifices my parents have made...

I miss u dad 
The OG youtuber

I am 24 years old but I still feel very bad about how long my life would be without my mom and dad.


<a href="">0:45</a> itne mein to hum nipta diye gye hote , bablu ji is so quiet dad

It&#39;s Too Deep

No no no I love my dad a lot....kabhi kabhi mein gussa hoti hu daddy ke upar but I love him a lot...... aur jab vi daddy mujhse milne meri hostel ate hai mein to itni khus hoti hu itni khus hoti ki I can&#39;t express and mein meri pyar show vi krti hu 

i lost my father when i was 14 so please respect your parents 

Till date I have never disconnected mom and dad's phone to receive someone else's call. The decision to disconnect the phone has always been mom and dad's.
BB love you

Buvan acting is so real 
I love my heart ️
Sorry papa

Miss u abu 
I don&#39;t know why I am Cray

I would... I definitely would if he loved me enough to visit me even once in his entire lifetime, if he&#39;d think and care that he has a daughter, is she doing okay?Trust me I would

Always respect and love your parents we don&#39;t know what is the last day with them so love your parents everyday

What have you done? Rona aagaya
Heart touching 
I rarely cry while watching movies, serials , YouTube etc... But this time I bawled like a kid. Maybe because I subconsciously know that I have also been making the same mistakes which Bhuvan did in this video.  But I have promised to myself to never ever repeat them again. Thanks Bhuvan for this video ️ It was much needed to shake, awake my subconscious !

my father was dead in 2021

So true about the childrens now a days... really this video made me cry...Dil choliya bb bro apne ..sachai samne laah di .

My father was a terrible person, divorcedc, alcoholic and abusive, he passed away last year, and I couldn’t even shed a single tear, now, 6 months later, it hits so hard ki “papa chale gaye”

Yah video ful match ho rahi hai with my life 
i saw this video lots of time... and when ever i see this video my eyes got num

I am 9 year old when my father passed away he was in army so please respect your father i also missed the old days with my fsther

I love you people
Parents are best

this is the ability of an actor by birth he can make us laugh and cry at the same time Hats off BB

Yes bro i am miss my dad forever ️
I just cried after showed this video  i can feel the pain

I lost my dad when i am 5 year old so i can understand what is importance of fathers love

Please Bhuvan Don&#39;t change the thumbnail of your old videos

Rula Diya we say bbloveu
aaplog jo is chat box par kar rahe ho in reality dikh raha hai kyuki shadi aur job me lage rahete hai aur biwi apne pati ke mother and father ki seva nhi karti aur alag rahena shuru kar deti hai doosri jagah par.

He never fail to make us laugh  as well as emotional

Nice 
Dad 
Are you the one who ruled everyone? Thank you Bhuvan sir.
Ultimate

Everyone tells each other about appreciating parents,what about sons and daughters,There are parents in the world who just dont care about their children and their will and their studies,I am from Pakistan and I have 2 sisters which are both the eldest,My parents poured their heart and soul into their education and marriage but when I am at that stage where I need to study in clg and university,they have told me to take a part time job so that I can complete my studies and they just told me that they can&#39;t afford to raise me even though my Father is in Saudi Arabia he doesn&#39;t send money home that much I started a campaign to help raise money for my education but people just tell you that your parents should be the one to pay for it but I can&#39;t tell them that my parents are the one making me take part time jobs and earm for my self at the early age of 16,I am not ungrateful but come on you did better for your daughters but you can&#39;t do anything for your one and only Son  Now at the age of 17 I am doing a full time job and making ends meet,I am not studying I am just working as a shopkeeper at a local store,The point is everyone talks about parents but noone talks about children and their opinions even though they are the future,If you read through this please whenever you see a kid just do something that would make him happy,you dont know what is going through his life no matter the age

I am seeing this video for the second time.. last time when I saw my father was alive.  Now I can relate to this video word by word.. so much relatable 

Why didn&#39;t I watch it 1 year agoTime matters.

Missed his call 



Every line hits harder than salman bahi,s car

Bhai Dil ko chu gayi ye video
be happy with ur family jai shre ram

I wish I had seen this 5  years before

This called real artist ️

I never had the courage to eat with my father...because I didn't understand why he always treated me like a villain...because his voice was so loud...or because he talked to me at home. Hey...I don't know why it seems like a strange gift.
Best video 
Oooo bhaiiii <a href="">3:15</a> got me yrrrrr 
Heart touching video bablu ji 
Dude you stole my heart
Anyone Here in the 2023????????

Respect your Father 
I miss you so much papa  i lost him when i was just Five Years 
The words of your Kch videos have deeply touched my heart, I have got the Kch learner thanks ️
zindagibhar hitler bane rahenge aur fir bolenge ye mujhe kuch batata nahi..

This now adds another paradigm to the emotionsMay your family rest in peace



Very deep message.

Lots of love from Nepal bro 🇳🇵️

Bhqy I lowt my father i fela that je is near by me 

Only person who can make me laugh and cry both, love you Bhuvan vai️

Rulla diya bench...
Brother Hume, I want this type of video, please make it again.
I am weeping right now . thanks or this

Hogya Bhai mere sath to ab aap log thoda dhyan do apne papa pe,jb unke call ni aenge tb pta lgega ki chhat sir ke upar se chali gyi hai.I love my papa and you all should , mere or mere papa ki bhi ek sath ek hi photo hai.

Bhai... to be honest... this video is so good... bhaut emotional ... GBU... 

Brother, you are right, I am also in the same situation, I spoke from my heart, I also feel like talking to father but I don't have the courage.
I&#39;m famous now 

Asalam Alaikum BB Bhai.Mene apki takreban sari videos dekhi har waqt hasate rehte hai ap But is video Me jo apne Msg diya kasam se Aj mere rongtay Khare kar diye Good message to Us Allah Ap ko esi tarakki de apki family ko sehat de Love U Bro.

Legends watching in 2023

after 6years bro still emotional ho gaya

Very painfull word &quot;papa to rahenge per sirf contact list me &quot;

Love you papa
I made you cry my friend
I love u bhuwan Bhai you riyaliz me father is the riyal super hero

Truly, I feel blessed to be with Baba and Baba will never stop telling me that he loves me.
 right
I love my parents

Good videos have always less reached...

I also became so selfish that forgot to respect my father and am currenty in  class 10 appearing in boards 2023 today is 11 march 2023 and my eyes are open now, every moment from now I will try to make him happy he is very sad because I dont study waste his money. I hope that I could tell sorry in front of him but I have frustated him so bad that I dont have that courage.

Sorry dad for your bad son..

He is my favourite YouTuber

Most emotional video of bb

bhai rulaoge kiya

Search SRP Surya

Take love From Bangladesh ‍️️
Actually Very True and Deep Thank you bhuvan bhai for this message ️

I feel bad now after feeling it..

once again you cry me ..

It takes guts and responsibility to be a father. Some things u will only realize that after experiencing it as i have lost my father

Sorry dad

Dad is real hero of  children....

Every boy dreams of hugging his father but he can't do it. But we love him very much.
Same Ab Baba is in my phone's contact list
I saved my father’s number as “Daaku Daddy”, and since March 14th, 2017, this number is in my favourites, with no call logs. Sach kahan tha “Papa toh honge, par bas contact list mein”.

bb love you!!!

Bhuvan You are such a legend ️

It makes me emotional tears on my eyes 
Why do people hate him ?

Some times BB really make us emotional 

I love you papa
I MISS MY FATHER I LOST HIM WHEN I WAS IN 7TH CLASS JUST 8YRS AGO 
Watching after 6yrs , will give the same reaction

May this day
Bro my dad passed away just 3 month and it&#39;s painful 

Father is the big God gift

I am watching in 2023 / 3

Bhuvan Bhai you made me realise my fault .. i will correct it from now 

I mis my father

Not all father are same

Deep



My dad&#39;s my hero
Watched this video when you have actually lost your parents brought tears in my eyes, the way you hides your emotions with a smile in front of everyone is appreciatable..may god give uh all the success in your life because you truly deserve it...

Bro this is what genuine influencing looks like. This is positive influence on the society and today&#39;s mentality.. Hats off BB!

Litterly I cried 

i love you deuta.
First time these guys got me emotional 

1 minute me hasane ka talent aur 1 minute me rulane ka talent sirf bb ke pass he  hats off to you brother 



1st time ur vdo made me cry
This is the most relatable video i have ever watched



&quot;that one missed call could be his last call&quot;... Nothing scared me more than these lines.

Big fan bb
Bro after I saw this ...I realised my fault..thank u vai..nd  papa I love u so much

Rula dia bhai 
This is a bitter truth
Brother did not rule the day
Kon kon 2023 sa ha
I never neglect my parents call ever. within one second I received 

First time babloo ji exactly talking way like kejriwal lodu

May God Bhuvan's father and mother's soul rest in peace.
<a href="">3:12</a> Jab akanak se mara call na band hoga tab hoga 
Who is watching this in 2023

I miss you my father 

Very true lines 

I too have missed my father. Papa was not the main person in my life. But the love given by my father is still in my heart.  miss you baba. I have watched this video a long time. Baba thaa to sab kuch thaa 
I still remember Bhuvan bhaiya, how he used to love his parents, but unfortunate part, he lost both of them during COVID-19 Massacre. Such a terrible loss it was! Om Shanti 

Bro, please make the second part of this video.

I think this is my story 

Miss you Abu Jin ka bap unky Sath hota h wo Khush Naseeb hoty he miss you abu

Friend, I try a lot to talk to my father and mother, but my mother and father do not talk to me, I feel very bad inside, but no one in my family has ever understood me.

I swear that if you cheat your mom and dad, you will get mine instead of cheating your mother.
BB u are great

Rula diya
Parents when left as contact number hits hard

Pata Hai main ye video 6 years baad dekhaMasla ye nhi ki Main ye video 6 years baad dekhi Par last k  kuchh second may emotion tha

heart touching video 

I have watched all of his video so many times still one of the best youtubers

2023 people hit like

Funny with serious very amazing  actress  all line absolutely  ryt....now genration same ......humne to papa g khoe h apne Hume to pta h. papa khne ko bhi tras Gaye h hum....papa word hi chin leya humse....plz respect parents....️

The words spoken by him are true , In a frequent age we all boys need to face it .Hugging father is still a dream of many boys .love u papa

Saw it today and realized that i have done same thing but my dad is today not with me ab unka call kabhi nhi aata  i love you papa and miss you hamesha samne kabhi nhi bol saka bass



big fan sir  it's been 1 week since I watched all your videos
My first most motivational and most emotional video of 2K23 so far. I had watched BB in many memes but This is my first video of BB ki vines on his official YT channel and the very first video Brought tears to my eyes. May Allah showers his blessings on every living parents and give them a  long and happy life, and May Allah also showers his blessings on the dead ones by giving them Peaceful place in Hereafter( Jannnah ).from Pakistan &#39;&#39;^_____^

There is a chapter in class 11th  english cbse book  &#39; father to son&#39;   this video is something similar to the chapter

Rula diya
Bhai this video hit hard!!

This video always made me cry

Same condition thi Aaj papa nahin h 

This is my story only
Oh god his own words becomes scary truth of his life 2021...

I made you cry my friend
Bsss kar pagle kya rahelayaye
I cried brother 
Suddenly this video appeared in my suggestion list. It’s been a year I lost my father and I miss him a lot  miss you baba 



speak the truth brother
Bhuvan you understand me how parents are important in our life Thank you 

That&#39;s why we love  bhuvan

Laura is right my friend
Can't even imagine how much pain BB must have gone through, your mom and dad will feel very proud, you will be sad Mt hona...such a pure soul...may god keep him happy always.️
Love you papa️
i still watch this episode when i feel stressfull

BB
Your body has opened to me to hear the truth
Name one thing which this man can&#39;t do️

I said like this, Babloo ji, there is still a lot of time and now father has got the talent, he has to do second bhuvan also.BEST OF LUCK FOR THAT.
have cried so hard before picking up phone to call him..thanks bb

️i will make sure i dont do this mistakeLove you bb wonderfull message!

BB i have nothing to say

Who is watching in 2023

&quot;Phir papa toh honge.. pr sirf phone ke contact List me&quot;... This line 

I also talk to my father but he never tells me that I am not wrong.
What a timing 

I am watching this video in 2023

The brother who came to laugh did this to me️
Mother I cried
Why I&#39;m obsessed with this man  ️ Feels like he&#39;s my big brother.

You taught me how important father is in my life.
Dad
One of the best video ever bhai 

Speechless
Kill it bro 

I thought that after watching BB's video, I would wake up a little happy but then today it was the opposite ️
Same bro Mai bhi apne father se sharmata hu

Emotional kr diya yr
Respect your mom and dad and don't let everyone pass you
I Love my father and mother

Papa
That's why I put a different ringtone on my father's contact number, so when the ringtone starts, I have to call him.
I will never leave my parents' money, my love. It is difficult to even eat food without them, my love.
𝓐𝓹 𝓐𝓹 𝓿𝓲𝓭𝓮𝓸 𝓶𝓪𝓷𝓪 𝓼𝓪𝓫 𝓭𝓪𝓴𝓮 𝓭𝓪𝓴𝓮
Support to swach creator

This line touched my heart

I lost my father one year ago. I can feel this video more now and the dialogue &#39;tab papa toh rahenge lekin bas phone ke contact list mein&#39; brought tears in my eyes

Soooo shaddi my god
I love you papa ️️️️
Bhuvan teach us a lesson 

Bro I am 12 year old but my father passed away 1 year gao



That missing background music in the end with Like , Share and Tag tells seriousness of the video 

We can understand your real pain

️ Please forgive me, father. ️ I never told you about my heart, what can I do now except asking for forgiveness, father Shri  🇮🇳 Jai Shri Hari Krishna 🇮🇳
Ajay Kumar ️
I am going yr crazy fan
Papa the decision may be wrong but it is not his intention ️
Topmost old songs

A 9 kido lost his father sup that is me

It&#39;s tragic kids these day are so connected with virtual world that they forget to cherish the moments with their familiesIt deeply hurts Koi sath nhi deta Zindagi Bhar except your parents so please share your probms with them. Make them involve in your life ️

Bhuvan Bhai... 4 saal se itne saare videos dekhe apke. Yeh wali kese miss ho gayi mujhse.Very heart warming. May your parents be happy and proud of you wherever they are ️

After 6 years 

Maa  Bapu 
even i can't talk, nhi hoti himmat
Hasna hereko ruye

Usually when you understand this video its too late... Only regrets regrets and regrets fill the heart....

LOVE you ️ bro and hate you  bro

I&#39;m 28 years but I don&#39;t have any picture with my fatherBut I love and respect my father  love youPapa ️️

My papa my hero
I lost my father when i was 7 yrs old.

Touch it 
Every dad is a motivation for his child 

I can relate to this mujhe bhi papa ke phone ane band ho gaye..mere papa to hai lekin bas phone ke contact mein 

always remember wt u currently hv guys

This video properly relatable to me ️

One of the best video of bhuvan

&quot;Hoga Jab Achanak Se Mera Call Ana Band Ho Jayega Tab Hoga&quot; I cried after this

I missing my dad 
I am worst son ever uthale khuda mujhe

<a href="">1:30</a> to <a href="">2:10</a> same situation and we don&#39;t have single pics together 

Hii

I am feeling very bad for bb bhaiyaa he always love his parents ...not just for showing social media and when he became the cover of the news paper his parents can&#39;t see that 

I love you DAD
Miss you papa 
Sir, you also give or rule also.
Thank you bhaiya very very so much

<a href="">2:00</a>

I always miss my father  please come back 

I love you daddy ️️
Love u bapi(baba).....$
I remember the day when my father said the same since then i never got the chance to talk to him again 

You are in trouble brother, don't you cry?
The man who can make people laugh.  He can even make people cry by speaking his heart.

Brother I made you cry
This is true of my life..

This is all for the society  Society shows us that dad is strict and beat very much

Watching on 07/10/2022.

From here.....bb got respect also....he is the man with ability to made laugh n cry....

<a href="">3:06</a> from here i got tears in my eyes ......father is everything unse bda koi nhi......my dad died when i was 9 years old....but my uncle(tauji) kept me and never leave me alone.....he gave me everything.....i live with my tauji....he loves me even more than his real children....blessed to have him.....

 I&#39;m sorry papa 
Papa is all

 so relatable
Whenever I meet my father, respect your parents as much as you receive, as humble a request.
Love u bb.
Man you made me cry

This video is one of the emotional video in ur channel.

I cried brother 
a true actor  is buvan bam
It&#39;s very emotional video 

Who has the courage to answer dad's phone?
Bhai you are right when I watch this video I cry 

dude

Goosebumps bro..️️
I really love my dad

Harsh Reality of so called Modern Bacche Aaj kal ke  Even my brother (bua ka ldka ) does the same and my sibling not do the same but stizlL have tht behaviour 

U r a legend BB

These Show words
In this video we see that babluji is act as a Bhuvan means not properly babluji we see Bhuvan onlyy 

This is quite relatable

If I did this then my father would be in jail.
I am not my dad. After watching your videos I don't realize that I am my dad.
Sir you are great 

Why this Video has only 14M Views

Miss you dad
Nice video

I told you last time
<a href="">3:40</a> line for my big brother

gosshh..i got tears in my eyes after seeing it

Bb&#39;s  emotional videos have less views

Same here sir. I am 16 till now I have never speak with father and mother or any one in my family frankly

I am rubbing my father's pair every now and then.
But does asian childs have the guts to ignore a call from their dad?

Literally almost cried

Mine same story love you dad 
DAD 
Luv U bb

Not are same

Brother, I have been watching your video since 7 years. I still don't know how many times your video has been repeated. Normally I have watched your video. But sometimes you talk so seriously that tears appear in your eyes. Love you brother. You do more things in life main. And the trailer of your new web series is also very good. &quot; Latest news&quot;


Wearing a muffler in this summer will happen here 
I ️ this man...he is emotion of ours 

Misery is at hand
Every friend has watched BB's video, I have watched it. Meaning, I have enjoyed it this time, I have ruled it.
| this |
love it the vidio bro 

Brother, are there tears in my eyes?
so sad video Bhuvan Bam
What&#39;s Up

Wow Bro ️
Sir u r the best!

I miss you papa and sorry

Why don't you tell me like this?
I love u abbu
Sorry dad,brighter side, the sacrifice ,unfair...
Reality of this world 

Bhuvan imitations :)
Babloo ji is being punished for his sins.
 love you bro
You must be missing your parents very badly

This is heart  touching video

This is heart  touching video

I lost my father last year......ye video unki yaad dilata hai...

The more you lose, the more you rule.


This is how I am...I have 1 pic of you but I am not going to marry you with my father ..I want something for you, I told you mother. The father is still there, mother says that I am not able to tell myself what to do...@zakir khan is talking, I have worked for a while at home (mother) and this man says Darna hai (father)...that What has happened with us?
Last me tum aise de sakte the ki, BB chupke uska papa ka bate sun raha tha and then THE END.

Most emotional video. I ever seen

Best video ever 
Last lines were heart touching 

literally my eyes is full with tears love you bb

Dill su geya yar ️
Yrr me his Nazar Andaz Karun Mere to papa hi nehi he Hoke v nehi hei. No one will understand how much pain he caused me. Par ro nehi sakta &quot;ladka&quot; Hu nh 
I also felt ashamed while bathing near my father, my father loves me very much️️
What should I do if I don't know who my father is?
<a href="">0:02</a> in 2016 he never thought that he will go to abroad but today in 2022 he prove that



Love u bb bhai... Meet u soon️️
I can relate this... calling my dad everyday 

<a href="">0:37</a> / <a href="">3:54</a>

<a href="">3:15</a> , we can only understand this when it happens...

Your great sir
Bhuwan Bhai itna hoane wale kabhi kabhi kabhi emotional dete 
I am proud that I don't do that
Cellphone is a huge distraction for today&#39;s generation

I don&#39;t know why people don&#39;t press like button to such a good video. 1.4 cr people see this video but there are only 9 lakh likes atleast there should be 25 lakh likes.

Connected ️
Make me cry
I love you dad
I am the same with my father.
Being alone is Not good. Ask them to who have lost their very close One.

How will Maruti 800 work?
Bhuvan is always to be my ideal ️️️️️
Bhuvna bhaiya, since father is a merchant of hell, why should we think so much for him?
Bb bhai is playlist ko continue Karo please bhai please

Bhai yrr koi nahi bol sakta ki yeh only ek boy ke avtar hai

Yaar aik bande mai itna talent kaise ho skta hai.......Hats off to u brooooo

Act of excellence 

He care about his parents  so much I wish they were alive 

Not every father is like babluji. Sometime father is such an introvert  That he praises his child in  front of him and disrespect him in front of everyone. Such a mean person he is sometimes.

When I saw this video for the first time, it was also 6 years old, it was breaking my heart like every moment.... You can do anything for your father but you feel bad for his life, you can't do anything... and do a lot more. You can...I still have the number in my contact number,,, But..... 
Dude this video hit me so hard...The lines were so touching

cried like a dog after watching this vid

BB Ki Vines- | Sorry Dad |

I am also very shy to talk to my family.
me ro on
You made me emotional man.
I love my dad and mom If my heart loves me, then my father is the one who gives me the support of my father, if you are not there, then you will go to darkness, even if it gives so much heat, but it gives light to the main. love my dad i love my dad i love u papa
I am happy because whatever happened today, I mustered up the courage to go near my father, I told my father, pay attention to me, father, I want this, if ever that day came to my mind, then I would come near him, how would I go and press his pair. It seems to me that I must tell you what is the meaning of man. What is the meaning of man today, but I have also learned that he has also come to know that I have never come in his true meaning, yet I have heard father's words every time I have pressed him silently. You are very happy but you are not able to sleep at night. Sometimes you sleep a little but you close your eyes and come close to me and put your hand on my head and tell me how much you talk to me saying that son, you are like this, son, you are like this, you are like this. That I will never feel sad, that I will never talk to my father, that I will always stop laughing at him.


<a href="">3:23</a>
There is no food here? Papa, show yourself first
LOVE YOU BROTHER

Last dialogue is like a knife that kills my heart

This vedio make me cry



Ig i am the luckiest teen who has been growing a deeper relation with my dad right now each passing day.....

No matter how important my work has been in life, it has never happened that I have not received a call from my father ️️
AISI GAALIYO WAALI VIDEOS KYA SEEKH MILEGA BACHO KOKAL KE BHAVISHYA BIGAAD RAHE YEH LOGGAALI DETE REHTE NO MORAL WALI VIDEO IN ANY WAY
Dil choo gaya yeh video bc.. hope you make more of these veg videos to be shared in family groups..

Not always  he abuses but gives social lessons. Never ever shout on your parents if they are not able to buy something that you want you just speak it out and forget but your parents will feel guilty I request

I can&#39;t imagine how Bhuvan is suffering when he made this video and today his father and mother both are not with him

When BB said &quot; Firr Papa toh rahenge, Bass phone ki Contact List me&quot; i cried that moment

Bhai tune yeh last ke line dil chu gaye

I am also 
Hutiya
Today, after so many years, I am watching this video again, this video has enlightened me in a different way, I am a boy, we tell our feelings to our father, we don't get it. No matter how much work is done in this world by the parents for their children, the children are not able to do anything for their parents, but when we regain our senses or start our job or business, it is very less time for them to pass away. They too are with us just to enjoy a moment but we never say anything to Sharam that it is the worst dream of a son to feel loved by his father or it remains a dream mostly…that it is Papa. I also love you, I also wish that you are always with me at every step but I don't get it...
This video broke our heart 

Here bablu ji is not speaking , Here bhuvan is speaking ️

These type of video  people ignore 

He lost his parents now

Papa hero
Brother, you ruled a lot. (I love you dad)
Sorry dad

<a href="">0:35</a> Yaar aaj rona aaraha hai
Today 
I love you my heart 
today is father&#39;s day and this video hit hards

Papa to rehega sirf phone  ke contact list pe .This line hits hard in my hard
For this reason BB is my favourite......

My age was 13years yeah i am teenage i can say i talk with my father all things i share i share my friends abuse and 18+things trust me your mind bad though gone

Very Emotional Video 

Yar sagi me bb aap ke ye video ne aakhe khol de me bhi asa he hu thanks for this video ️

We can never surpass our father , U can earn more , even more educated but the love its not possible until u are the father

Papa and mummy is life

The Video Make Me Cry Realy 
I have not been here for 10 years, I have grown old, when will you give up your property?
Sachi baat hi ye yar bhai
Nice yr there are no words to praise me 
Really best video

Brother gave me the rule brother real father I miss him a lot
This is my favourite video of BB

I told you something today that I love my father very much, I just couldn't see it. My father loves me very much, he didn't even see it. It doesn't help me. I told my mother these words to my father. Give that voice to papa, I couldn't find any voice, one day I had an accident, I called my brother, I called mummy, called papa, but first of all, papa came, one day, Papa took the Activa scooty from the barber on 28th March 2022 or My exam was on 11th May 2022 but papa made me do 100 work and took me to the hospital. The doctor told me that this is what happened last month. The doctor told me that father told me that he will not die today but tomorrow. I understood that no words can be used in the day. I love you only once ️ I love you papa ️
Bhuvan's habit of picking up his father's phone has made a whole web series today....
Pata nahi awkwardness ko side me kyu nhi pata maa ke to pair ase hi daba deta hu but papa ke dabane me very relatable content love u papa ️
I cried after watching this

Brother this video made my heart sing ️️️️️️
The last line make me emotional 

It doesn't happen yaar 
Weird But i dont why my father died when i was born He died after 7 days of my birth  (2007 28 December) That day he died by Car accident He was going to buy me some toys and clothes . Now he is at god watching me. When he was 27 He passed away And i m 14 Now I dont how much how much will i live

Very heart touching video️️
I am also doing the same thing, I don't have the courage to stand with my father.
The most valuable 4 mins of my life

Jab achanak se mera call aana band ho jayge phir papa to rahenge bas contact list mein . This line.............

Goosebumps and so much emotional️

Bhai ap ka number hai

Bhai sa bato
Tear bisceps and very deep maheshwari Sachi bat hai he Muzhe ye video ne rulaya aur apne papa ko aj ye video dekhe bole ki aise nahi hai me tumhe kabhi chod ke nahi jaunga Seriously I am subscribing you and liked all the videos

U just earn my respect, salute to your creativity

it’s just amazing ️


<a href="">0:00</a> ha bhai shi kha hai
After watching this video i receive every call from my parents

I miss u dad ️
I forget everytime that these three are the same person

I was in 6 th when this video was released

jyu rulaaya bhai am roy pada
Papa to rahenge par phone  ki contact list me - this sentence make me cry 

Mother is far away from father and there is nothing more, no one can understand her relation but she is worthless.
Bro you are too good

<a href="">1:51</a> I literally cried from here! 

Brother, no matter how much you do, the awkwardness does not stop.
Relatable H Bro
This is deep... I can&#39;t imagine the pain of who lost their father .... At young age. hope God gives you strength.️

&quot;Jab mera call aana band hogaye ga&quot;
My father is not well please pray 

️rula diya
These lines are damn true 

It&#39;s really true. Puri chis life ka Sath huya heh... Really abh Abbu nahi heh bass heh to contact list mein 

So emotional feelings bhava 
Heart touching 

gave the rule
This isn&#39;t the first time you&#39;re Watching this, and this also ain&#39;t first time you&#39;re crying 

That missed call could be his last call 

Yas..... This is every family prblm now

Really heart touching

He did correct u didn&#39;t deserve it
Thank you

I just want to say that, &quot;this video touches my heart very deep&quot;

Bro this video make me cry

Who is also watching in 2022 ️️

I couldn't say poetry to my father.
I love you dad miss you so much 
Thank you bhuvan.  This video change my life 
Oofffffooooooo
Vines me channel pe aisi videos nahi chahiye yrrrr
For boys his father is all .....as personally ...and all&#39;️... love you .... father have  understanding  very well for his child........

True line by Bhuban. The one who has a father is very lucky. You should share all your feelings with your father, you should always ask, otherwise one day you will become like me


Right

The reason why people love bb ️

I have learned a lot from your video, I hope you get 1b subscribe or log in there, I love you Bhuban sir, you are awesome man.
Iam really sorry dad 

Brother, my mother and father do not serve ice cream the wrong way because I eat it wrong, otherwise why should I value you?
This video make me cry everytime 

Op

I find that every day I press my feet against my father's feet and I feel so good when my father says, Son, go, go.
Love

Literally I got emotional ️

This guy is very talented

&quot;Papa to rahenge, but sirf contact list me&quot;. This line. Thats it!

Bhuvan cried 
Motivational video 
Only papa will remain in the contact list of the phone
you can have so many heros in your life like spiderman wwe wrestler but your father will always be the best motivation hero in your life

Brother, a new cry has come from Kasam, yrrrr, now I have also got the enthusiasm to fight for Papa.️️️️
I miss my dad who ever have dad try to be his friend

golden like from me

Me who lost his father and don&#39;t have friends

Huge respect man️
Miss you dad I love  mom
Brother, I started crying after listening to you.
<b>&quot;IN. MY. OPINION. THIS. GLITCH. IS. WHAT. EVERYONE. USES. AM. I. RIGHT?&quot;</b>

Brought tears in my eyes 
Papa toh rahenge bas contact list me this line is very emotional 



For the first time my video made me emotional 
this really made me cry  sometimes it also happens whn we try to talk ur dad byt he didnt take intrst ️ but we all know how much our parents love us 

REALITY ...

Sachchi rola dia yrr  and LOVE FROM PAKISTAN
finally
I watch this video 5-6 times and still I am not bored . And now I am watching this video in 2022

I played the tune.
Am Sorry Papa 
Missing u dad !!....


I opened this video thinking that this is funny video, this will entertain me but after few seconds I got emotional. &quot;Papa to honge lekin sirf contact list me&quot; this sentence was best sentence of this video and this made me cry......hats off to this man

DAD IS REAL HERO!
Yaar ruled
I literally cride . I love my dad so much ️

 heart touching
This is the real influencer

Touching video
I just had an arguement with dad, and I clicked on this video without even reading the title 

Yarr truth mai rule diya Bhuvan bhaiya ️
Omg omg

I also tell my things to momI don't have the courage to tell dadLOVE YOU PAPA ️️️️
BB play all character properly Wow 

God did not give such a lustful father like me. He is such a bastard father and he told us right away that he was just waiting for my mother to die. And so it happened, as soon as my mother died, I was thrown out of the house and married another. I did it. Before marriage, he brought that woman home and kept both the doors of his bedroom locked and keyed. After the second marriage, he told me that this is his new life, now ours and our relation has come to an end. I have never had any contact with him in my life. Baa kare.Baap nahi dog hai mera hai.
Sir fell on my heart
Now he realised what is the importance of father Rip Bhuvan Father

This video is so good that I literally hated BB first time ever because of his behaviour in this video 

Very motivational

Miss you papa 
Brother I want a video once a week
Literally i am after watching this.. no words to appreciate this man

brother why are you crying friend
Bro it was heart touching I cry but this is true.  Love u brother from deepth of my heart.

From <a href="">3:18</a>

Achank se call ana band ho jye ga tab ho ga  this makes me cry every time

This made me remind starting episodes of Dhindhora

This is a very emotional video  I don't want to say sorry to my father even now my father is not there.
Can’t wait to surprise my parents in India after 4 years in Canada

thanks a lot for reminding the importance and value of the parents in our life.....

We love you bhuvanMay God give peace to your parents who gave birth to such wonderful child.You place a special place in our heartsLots of love BB ️

Bhai tera video dekke hashte hashte ajh me achanak rodiya 

I am 17 and i have lost my fathet

This is what I like about him

My father is in my direct contract list
Really, the feeling of mistake often happens after killing someone.
This video helped me realise something ️

I don&#39;t have a father guys but I can definitely say that papa always great 

We all appreciate our mothers a lot , literally a lot but we never appreciate efforts of our father.Just count the sacrifices your father made for you and then you will realise that you actually love your father more then anything

Aab to mere papa sirf my contact list main reh Gaye  miss you dad 
This is the Best video by BB ever.. ️️
bhai itna emotional bhi karte ho tum samajh me nhi aata tum comedian ho ya tragedian hats off to you 

This really touched my heart 

what will you do bs bhai bhai 
Very heart touching Rula diya bhai 
PAPA REMAINS BUT CONTACT LIST. ME HE INDIRECTLY SAID IF THERE IS NO BENEFIT OF SHOWING ME MARUNGA FIRST PYAAR
Every time I watch this video my eyes get welled up

I started crying thinking that my father would have made so much trouble for me, I had just bought a new phone, he had given me that 20k rupees and now he had taken it again even though my father's job was very expensive or I could have made so much trouble. I can't live for them because of my friends.  My mother scolded me for not giving food, she still scolded me, she said only for my sake, dear mother, father is real legends girlfriend boyfriend boyfriend Not even the dust of you but him is in front of him.
I litterly cried

MY PARENTS ARE MY LIFE️️
Isliye shadi vadi bacheh mat karo...single he mast ha I year...
<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/JAJ1XpGpJYnW8wTupZu4Cw"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/JAJ1XpGpJYnW8wTupZu4Cw"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/JAJ1XpGpJYnW8wTupZu4Cw"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/JAJ1XpGpJYnW8wTupZu4Cw"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/JAJ1XpGpJYnW8wTupZu4Cw"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/JAJ1XpGpJYnW8wTupZu4Cw"></a>
Soooo deep 
last line gave me goosebumps
Bhuvan Bhai, your content is very emotional and there is a lot of comedy here too, but this video is very emotional and motivational too .
I feel this pain

&quot;Yesterday is history&quot;&quot;Tomorrow is mystery&quot;&quot;Today is gift&quot;&quot;That why it&#39;s called present &quot;

Wow best video in YouTube 
I am feeling so good after my qurrel with my dad and mom I am feeling so better now thanks bb full support
I love my dad more than myom ever since childhood. i used to share every small details of my life but  now dont share anything with him. I think that they will think that i am not a strong girl. But this video has opened my eyes

Right sir, my father is there, just in the contact list. Now it seems as if Papa had been thrown into trouble once again.
thanks man you understood the most important part of our world
You do me emotional
Made me cry bro
I am exactly like that, I share every conversation with my mother but I don't tell my dad or I share it with my head bowed down.
Now, bb really miss his mom dad ️️️
RULA DIYA RE.....DAD YOU ARE A LEGEND
Bro... I made you emotional...


This one hits hard….

Superb 
So Emotional 
I am friendly with my Dad..but not that open pta nhi kyu but woh bohot hi mehnati and practical hai lekin unki emotional side bhi maine dekhi hai..i will try my best to get more and more closer to my Papa..Love all the father&#39;s..Rest in peace Buvan&#39;s Aai Baba..

So amazing
That's why I never ignore my mom and dad's calls.
Excellent level of acting

Love u Bhuvan bhai️aap jaisa actor is like a diamond
Ruladiya

Nice mass
Father is unknown hero of his children&#39;s world  love papa 

This man is unbelievable my favorite YouTuber 

thank you bb ....i wasin delhi from past 2 years ...i wont meet my dad .....jst talk sometime on phone ...but from now i &#39;ll go to meet him every weekend i promise

Got it friends...my phone never came but papa's phone never came...miss you papa
Love my family 
Lots of love bb

was this your real story

He lost his parents may Allah give him strength ️

Heeo

Areee heart touching video️️
May Allah protect everyone's parents, Ameen. Miss you Alot papa Allah wake me up in my world atta fermaye Ameen
What happened to me is that I misbehaved with my father or even woke up to call him a Buddha or he died in front of me one night. Still can't forgive myself. I don't have it father but you have it so respect him. #39;t be like me
I am literally crying

Best video ever


Ghoosbomb agye bhai

I cried my friend
AAP HASA TE BHI HO AUR RULATE BHI HO

i love you dad so much you are my suppoter in the world you support me for everythinglove you

Papa live in hell but father makes heaven from son

u made me cry yr

Bro you are legend ...

Ultra level video. My heart fell on me my friend
&#39;&#39;Papa to rehenge, bas contact list me&#39;&#39;Lines hites to my hard

Rulaa diyaa bhai tune toh
Heart touching 

<a href="">2:35</a>  

I literally cried.......salute to u man

Very emotional 

Bap ko kaise kahe,,,,i love you dadhum to bada hoo gaye

I&#39;m not crying  you are crying

Great video 
I literally cried



ꜱᴀʜɪ ʜᴇ yᴀʀʀ 
It&#39;s real 
This video ne to sach me rula diya yr  nice video 
Completely relatable, completely! BB u really had been my father&#39;s fellings&#39; voice and said what I was unable to understand. U had the same words of my father&#39;s... I got it. I really wont do that mistake..

I said brother I salute you
Its really made me cry
I am here with people often brother
I just cry on this video I feel soo sorry on my dad 

<a href="">3:00</a> Phle m sari bat papa ko btata tha mgr ab .. mummy ko btata hu ..or y situation hoti h

<a href="">2:00</a>..I felt as if I had started crying after watching this video 
Wow ... ️
Wow. Brother.... Even today, I try to talk to dad a lot but I don't have the courage to sit near him...
I love my papa ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️I love my mom️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
I wish I could ....I lost Him when i was Only of 7 year old. I&#39;m only 17 and I already know how it feels That&#39;s why i wanna be the one who can make momma laugh again Unhone khol kar hasna chor dia yarr us din se. Haste toh hai but pata chal jata h ki khusi ki h ya dukh ki 

Rula is a year...... 
Meri to aaj tak himmat nhi huyi papa ka call cut krne ka ️

It also hits hard

This lines hits me  very hard

Salute

Brother, what should I say? There will be tears in my eyes.
You are good to make this video

BB sir i see this video I really cry

father wound kills souls but its like the negative vibe version of crushing a girl.

I love my father

It s inspiration for rahguzar

13m views 5years me baaki videos pr 30*40m hote h...isse pta lgta h logo ko sirf entertainment or gaaliya he jyada pasand h...tbi you Tubers asi videos bnaate b km h...unhe b pta h logo ko she will not like
I never ignored my dad&#39;s call ️


No words
Papa is separated since 25 years..but I still 
Really yr

Fantastic
This video make me cry

BB Bhai Is Video Ka Naam Soory Dad Nehi {What Is Dad&#39;s Importance in My Life}

Papa 
Actually you are right brother, I am also like this, I am afraid to walk with my father, but I have a strange feeling, I want to do it but I don't know, if mom is there anywhere. I can go anytime but I love my dad️️️Some may still be there. It hurts to leave my father but I don't know from my mother. It's like this only with me but it happens with everyone else too.
you are legend sir

After watch this video  i cry

You taught me something 

Background music name Please

Badiya

Jab choti chot lagti nai tab chilate hai mummmmyyyyy or jab truck se accident hote hote bach jate hai tab to mu se baap re hi nikalta hai na We all know the importance od DAD subconsciously but kya kare yaar pappa ke saath rahege to ego ka kya Pappa ke sath shopping karne gaye to me to cool nahi chota bacha lagugaJis ladki ko impress karne or uske samne baap baap bolke cool baneke liye baap ki ijjat utarte hai na ki mera baap yeh mera baap wo.  Usi baap ke pass jaoge jab wohi ladki shopping pe lejane ko bolegiSo know the importance of dad or REGRET for the whole life

Who&#39;s watching in 2022️

I made you cry my friend
You are awesome

Really amazing...

Isliye mujhe bb pasand hai

You also make such videos of funny videos which touch the heart, these videos are related to our life, we are doing the same to our parents, thank you for making us realize so much. How much wrong have we done to our parents?
What did you do brother?
I don&#39;t express in front of him but i madly love my dad..thank you BB for this lovely video.

Many of us are the still the same son  who needs to change their behavior towards their parents spclly fathers. We nvr try to share things with father but deep down we know we are wrong 

BB Ki Vines- | Sorry Dad |

13,944,648 viewsJun 19, 2016
Brother doniya gole hai ya raabsaak ho raha hai hai sab aapna papa ba bhotala hai nahi karta hai karta hai haaaaa
I really love his ability to make us cry and laugh and I feel really proud when I came to know abt that we have such a great actor singer lyricist. Etc multi-talented person in our India who says our India is not a golden bird now we have Bhuvan bam who&#39;s heart is gold and there r other people also but they r just not in front of our eyes love u bb

Mini Heart attack 

this video needs millions of views..............

You&#39;ll opened my eyes bhuban bhai thank you so much 

Bb your dad character is so Imosnal

 love you dad
A legend is born

True

Fav

BB can also be used and can also be ruled
I&#39;m sorry my dad ️
You are great!️
Ajj rula diya iss video na 
Hey Bhuvan! Are you crazy, friend? Rula diya kha ma kha!
Bhai heart to touch kr Diya ️️
Ye video dekhte hoe Rona agaya!!!!Earplugs lagaye hoe the lekin Jese hi video dekhi ansu agaye!!! I hug my parents

I cried brother this is the message 
Bro you ruled 
He bought this scene in his webserie Dhindhora 

I am 20, always share my happiness, problems with my family ️

Love you papa
Hit tha bro ...... really it&#39;s so true ...but girls always understand these things

I&#39;m crying

papa to rahenge bas contact list me this line
Wright

Its hurt bro

Sir Your Video Touched My Heart 
Arree ruladiya yaar️. Deep chali gayi.
This video is very emotional Sorry Dad for giving back replies by me Miss you dad I want to come with you in the heaven but I can&#39;t World is so cruel Please come back from heaven please please please please Or Call me at heaven Love you Dad forever Please come back my dad please

 true
Seriously I creid

<a href="">3:17</a> I cried
After this video i have called my father to here there voice becoz he was in duty...

vi u are the best

Bb is the real influencer ️

Yes this hit&#39;s hard ️

Same

This video have no words I can only express this only from 3 words It is amazing

Brother, today you told me the value of my father, thanks brother.... By doing this, my father will feel the pain...
Brother, I started crying in the video and I will share everything with Papa.
True words ️
Barbar hai @bhuambham 
yarrrrrrrrrr
I lost my father when I was 3 , ma ne bada kiya. Meri life main Meri ma hee First and Last Priority hai. she&#39;s both to me. 
