This is Khirbet al-Nakus, 100 km from Aleppo)
How beautifully moderate beheaders are beaten.
after the impact, the drone needs to descend to a height of 100 meters and film with a GoPro
Before the explosion, a reflection in the form of a contrail is visible on the right of the picture. What is it? Glare?
From a distance everything looks so harmless! Something flared up! Some kind of smoke! And on earth at this time ISIS is turning into molecules...
look closely at 35 seconds on the left of the frame from top to bottom you can see an unidentified object flying by and at 36 seconds from top to bottom in the frame another unidentified object flies through the smoke, UFOs are controlling or observing what is happening
As always, about 10 Ukrainian fans of ISIS canceled their dislikes :) ISIS will come, we will restore order :)
Why is the stronghold in an open field?
Humanitarian aid with medicines detonate. Not otherwise!
accept, mujahideen, gifts
skinte already ODAB-9000 coated with lard from IRP
Amen
Fuck mohamed, fuck allah.
Alla is already at the bar anyway
Just some kind of holiday. The main thing is no ground operations. This is Syria, so let the Syrians crush the American offspring. and let Russia bomb from the air
I can look at three things endlessly. How the fire burns, how the water flows and how the Russian Armed Forces bomb the Arabs.
Please blow up something big like MoAB and please add a donation under the video.
God bless Russia! NATO is a supporter of terror. Russia supports freedom from tyranny.

<a href="">#SaveCamoedBeardedPergantKids</a>!

Congrats brave pilots, and congrats for a true leadership !

Already 5 North Gabonese residents burst into tears somewhere))))))))...
What are you doing, they're wearing dresses!
Uh... It burned someone's behind...
Kudos to Igilu!!! Igilu-zara...
So, it turns out that billions of dollars are burning.
4 surviving militants disliked, they were offended that they were not sent to heaven with virgins =((
Where is my beloved Sunshine?
I suggest putting liberals on bombs with cameras so that they can film beautifully, with all the details, so that other questions don’t arise
I already wrote that I want to see not a column of smoke, but a before and after picture....
This is by far the cheapest Chinese drone that shoots 5 frames per second at 480p resolution
I keep wondering why, during a big explosion, the drone’s sight twitches, as if the operator was sitting in headphones and flinching in surprise?
Where are my favorite BETAB???!!! :(
Somehow it’s already become boring, the same thing every day... Maybe it’s time to upload something with a GoPro?
