Release date is 14 April

Rocking star yas is pride of kannada industry

Rocking star Yash best hero
Yesh super star

KGF️️️
KGF chapter 2 usmein ke Sanjay Dutt I like very much
Cinema is business

Love this movie or love yash

Amazing tailor

Bro Kannada nahi Kannada
Abey Seedha tho bol le

Abe laude isme rasmika ka photo kyun ki chutiye so liye hi me see hai
Thumbnail ne gand Mardi rashmika mandhana 
Dont make fake money income

Fake news

IAM Bollywood fan

Hey badkoow...What the fake thumbnail man???......Badmash Ka bacha
Why is there Rashmika Didi's photo on the thumbnail? Why is it that of KGF heroine? Dear Bhadve.
Click bait OP in chat guys <a href="">#clickbaitO0</a>

Fake video bhai Sanju Baba ki 13 pagal ho
Yash hero love it
My favorite movie

Your father made a mistake in giving birth to you.
Loved Rashmika's photo.
Lol bc I added Rashmika's pic instead of raveena's thumbnail Like if u noticed!
Oo trailer nahi teaser hai bhai kya yaar meaning kuch bhi ???
Yash is one of the producer to this movie. He will share on profit.

Where are you brother Rashmika?
H h.     H.     Hhh.

BABA
Every line ends with hain. Hain hain haim

Two 
Nice  mouvie
Kook

Ko

Ok

Why rashmika in thumbnail ???

Why is there rashmika mandana on the thumbnail..

Thumbnail tatti
Yash THE BRAND
The pussy is still growing a little
Thumbnail belongs to someone else
Fraud channel
ke cahl raha heeee hee hee ...

bhai mr india make hacker lifestyle
Rashmika madhana got angry by eating this click bait  Why are you asking for views?
Where did Rashmika Mandanna come from... thumbnail mai...logic hi nhi h
Also will be the most liked movie in the world️

bhai pasad aaya haaaaaai brother haiiii jayada nahi ho gaya haiii
Yash is everyone's father
Y rashmika s in cover page of d video

Rasmika ki photo kyu lagaya

I don&#39;t know why do you added Rashmika Mandana&#39;s photo above Raveena Tandon

How many time hai in video

100 crs hai, budget,acche se homework koro...veiws kelia video mat banao...true information do..rubbish..

Where did Rashmika come from on KGF
resmika ka pic keu diyaa be

release kab hogaa???

Amazing
Rokki bhai nahi Rocky bhai
Bhai, by subscribing to your channel, you will also increase your audience and I will also create content after the exam. Bhai, please meet your brother and do it. This is the exam, that's why I am not making a video yet, please do it.
I have seen this video, everything is good, it is, it is, it is 
bad voice and speaking way very bad

Haiiiiii



<a href="">

You are playing clickbait just for the sake of views.
Yash ka 20 or 30% aisa profit sharing bee hey

Rocking rocky

Ohhh vai tujhe kya agreement paper mil geya 

Where is Rashmika brother?
Fans of yash 

Abe laude kannad film industry nahi kannada
Why there is rashmika in thumbnail

Nice

Yash
Bujet is 100 crores not 150 cores

Amazing
100 crore hai bhai eska budget , tum bata rahe ho 150 crore

Sanjay dutt best actor India@$53
He he he he he he 

Why there is rashmika maddana in the thumbnail picture ????

You will talk like Sunny Deol
KGF 2KD Star officialMahul Ganawa

Kiyahe
Rashmika Mandana said in Sale Kgf 2
Yrr teri aawaj kuch kuch sunny deoal jesi style me घ
he dont know even the spelling of prime minister

Full of lies

One heart replied plz 
Tomorrow techno gamer birthday

I am KGF
2021 ME AANE WALI ACTION FILMO KA VIDEO BANAO PLEASE

That rocky not rokkie

Rocking star yash the pride of our kannada industry 

But brother  prabhas  is  the highest paid actor  of   bollywood  100  crores  for  saaho

jab kgf 2 release hogi tab koi movie eske samne release krne ki himmat nahi kar payegi



Proud to be a kannadiga ( Karnataka)

It&#39;s rocky not rooki

Abey rashmika mandanna ka photo kyu daala hai thumbnail mei

Very fake news

watch public reaction on kgf2 <a href="">

Brother, not a single information of yours is correct, you have spoken so much.
Wo sab to thik h par ye batao ki thumbline me rashmika mandana ki photo q lagai hai

Rocking star yash
Its not did a world record Avengers endgame Has the record

Who have come here by seeing Rashmika Mandanna pohto

Where is rashmika mandana

After showing the official Madana, he did not take it in the video.
Heee

Salmankhan all movie destroyed by only one teaser

Elon musk duniya sabse amir admi latest news
Adira Mar Gaya
Op movie

Are you guys Rashmika Kahanse Aaya kgf chapter 2 meinThumbnail please do it well friend
Where is Rashmika in KGF 2?
Make a video on lifestyle of Yash

Who is waiting for Sanju Baba's role just like me?
Rashmika was not in this teaser

Why is Rashmika Mandana's photo placed in thumbnail main??
40 cr
From were rashmika came in kgf

I big fan
Kritika kamra lifestyle plz Karan kundra lifestyle plzPlzPlzPlzPlz
Please subscribe kar do please

Plz make a video on Leonardo DiCaprio .

Rashmika mandana is not there in movie

2.5 M subscribers how?? The heroin in the thumbnail has nothing to do with kgf2.
<a href=""> chapter 2 status video 
Techno gamerz par video please watch ️️️
Rachit Rojha lifestyle video
Haaaan
Trailer no teaser...Trailer is still pending
Need support plz help new yt channel old was hacked

The powerful fans make the teaser powerful KGF chapter 2 Rocking star Yash
Work from home business opportunity <a href=""> Instagram account I&#39;m on Instagram as @aayushijain24_ <a href="">

Nice brother nice

I am from karnataka Yash boss️️️️️
Please make the lifestyle video of singer b praak 
Please make the lifestyle video of singer b praak 
I am a big fan rocking Star yash so I was waiting for teaser

150 cr baap

Jacky chan k bare me dikiya

Big fan of the Yash

Wow YASH BRAND

There is no Rashmika mandanna in kgf 2

srk salmon amir ka baap ROCKY
srk salmon amir ka baap ROCKY
that is the power of indian filim industry

Where is my rashuRashmika mandanna

Very nice  ️️
Did you see the thumbnail rashmika mandhanna  for views

Rock 
Bhai---- primenister----Prime Minister  Kar de
He is from Karnataka

Great job bro

Most liked movie in the worldIn very less time

U kept poster heroine as rashmika it should be srinidhi

Only celebrity news can do this ️

Op

Abey laudhe that is Kannada not kannad pronounce properly

Hi Boys  ️️
79 comment.I like K.G.F chapter 1-2 both 
Make next video on tom cruise plz
Harshad Mehta
Siddharth malhotra lifestyle
Fake news

First view You are so awesome and amazing bro you are fantastic bro
29, comments

269 like

I like it 2 much

950 view

Rich  is yash

i love it

50 vomit
Most liked trailer in the world

Iove you brother
Sir please make viode on Mukesh Ambani

First view

Bhai ram setu kb ayi gi
Bro

1st view and 1st like and 1st comment and give a heart please

Started
I love all your videos you upload I support you bro keep it up the good work 

And 2 one to like

Yash is 
First comment 
First comment

Second like and second view

Hi sir
Hi

1st one to comment

Serious black

Your first Viewer

First view

First view

First

First

First view

First view
