ISIS was created by Russia)
Terrorists must be destroyed. Fortunately, the US Army, as well as US intelligence agencies, have so far coped with this task very successfully.
All Muslims go home to the toilet villages
The true face of Islam
Don't confuse Islam with them
What kind of Muslims are they then, if they kill people!!!
Islam is a peaceful religion)) don’t forget)))
Muslims, what good people they are
Sorry, Christians, they are not Muslims, Ani, terrorists. This is very much forbidden in Islam 😢 sorry
Killing a defenseless journalist is low and vile and it is unbearable for true men, which is why we are famous throughout the world
They only know how to offend the weak
Why didn't they drop an atomic bomb on them?
These are not Muslims, but ISIS. And the Prophet warned such people: after all, the Prophet Muhammad (peace and blessings of the Almighty) warned about such people who will appear closer to the end of the world. He did not just warn, his sayings give an understanding that they are a big fitnah - the turmoil of modern times. People described as resembling ISIS are spoken of in a hadith from the book of Nuaim ibn Hammad “al-Fitan”, which is quoted from the words of Ali ibn Abu Talib . The Prophet said: “When you see black flags, lie low to the ground and do not move your arms or legs. Then weak people will appear, to whom no one will attach importance. Their hearts will be as hard as iron, and they will have a state. They will not keep promises and fulfill contracts. They will call each other by martens (nicknames) and give themselves nicknames based on cities (belonging to a particular region where they come from). Their hair will be long, like that of women. And then they will fall into disagreement among themselves, and then Allah will reveal the truth to whomever He wishes.”
I saw him beheaded by the way
Really don't google decapitation
And where is your ISIS now?
Conducted himself with dignity until the last
The decision is that people don’t look like they did before death, I, as a psychologist, can say.
As a result, the States lost ISIS. It seems the American god is cooler than the Muslim god.
All these videos from cutting off and something like that are fakes .. listen to Heydar Jemal on this topic... These are provocations being done for the sake of precisely the interested party .. the videos are shot in Hollywood studios .. they didn’t have to shoot anything like that ..
It's right that the US invaded the Taliban
peaceful religion...
This is NOT Islam, this is murder. Islam teaches peace. The whole world has realized that the name of Islam is being used by everyone and is purposefully trying to denigrate it.
That's why I want to get out of Uzbekistan as soon as possible -
Enemies of humanity. Muslims and Christians need to fight against this evil
These are not Muslims, these are infidels who are killing, killing each other
It's clear
This is on Islamists are Satanists
Just killing journalists is not human, he didn’t kill someone, why kill anyone, you have to be noble, this makes us a fair person, we don’t have the right to take people’s lives. Don't be assholes
Show this video to Muslims who narcissistically write under every comment about how good and holy they are, exceeding their people to an unimaginable scale. This wickedness often also says that “every Muslim is kind, bright, generous.”
ISIS is the daughter of Islam
Chauvinism on Islam in the comments, under comments on the topic of Islam chauvinism from Muslims themselves. Maybe it's human nature 🤔?
Yes, there are so many uneducated people arguing about something they don’t know, without proving their beliefs
so lol, this is purely for show, intimidation and threats. All
It doesn’t look like he was in captivity for two years, so clean, shaved, and the killer has an American accent, not Arabic, and where the blood should have flowed. And it’s clear that this is a bluff, they couldn’t come up with anything better 🤦🤣🤣
By this act they completely proved the rightness of the American military.
Subhanallah they are not Muslims but sinners
They didn't kill this journalist. Fake
If the swa ubevayet islam im mojno the a nam net
ISIS is the army of Satan! (I `m muslim)
This is not Islam this is not Islam this is Salafism or Wahhabism
He is not a Muslim and a villainous Muslim does not act like that
Have you ever seen a Buddhist, Judaist or Christian who would blow up his belts in the subway, cut people on camera, promise to kill one by one, take people into slavery in the 21st century, force a slave to convert to Islam by force and under torture, etc. and all this... with the words: “in the name of Allah.” Have you seen this anywhere else, except in Islam? NO! And let someone argue that according to observations, there is a lot of aggression and fuss among Muslims some kind of... Very similar to religious fanaticism! The same thing happened in Afghanistan and Chechnya. But a sane person understands that this is the Middle Ages and the level of the Papuans...
One day a threat will come to your home then ☝️ you are ready for anything ☝️
Damn Islamist fanatics, they believed in their own lies, they believed in someone else’s faith that was handed to them from the outside, but they won’t understand this, they don’t have enough brains.
These are not Islamists but terrorists. Stop misleading people like this
This is not Islam!!
People wake up!!! ISIS is not Islam, it is a group that hides behind a religion!!! Finally understand!!!
This is not Islam, but ISIS. And they are considered terrorists in Muslim countries themselves!
This is not a Muslim
The most peaceful religion. Yes yes👍🏻
ISIS are not Muslims, they are fanatics of Islam
In Islam you can’t just kill a fly, but here you’re talking about people 👍
But Islamists always film executions from several angles using professional cameras? And then edit them with processing...
Be that as it may, but now there is no such thing in any religion in the world that their confessions execute people. They unleashed fratricidal wars where women, children and the elderly died. None other than Islam. This is already a fact. And the attitude towards such a faith (which seems to be good, but throughout the entire time of its existence blood does not stop flowing) will always be negative.
I, too, am a Sunni Muslim... And here they are ISIS, his shame!
ISIS is not Islam, but Wagner, pro-Russian Wagner, who occupies the lands of Muslims and themselves in Russia tighten the rights of Muslims in the world and killed Syrian civilians along with Assad. THE EVIL OF THE WORLD IS PUTLER AND WAGNER THE WHOLE WORLD AND CIS EURASIA SLAVES OF PUTLER AND OCG GANG
I really doubt that they care about some journalistic photographers, unless they are agents, of whom there are plenty in the east of the west
ISIS are not Muslims, but rather a sect that claims Islam and distorts the image of Arabs and Muslims!!!
Unfortunately, people believe this even though it is fake. Just today this video got into my recommendations, I had video evidence in my playlist about the lies of this video, unfortunately it was deleted (They want to extinguish the light of Allah with their lips. But Allah will not allow this and will complete the spread of His light, even if it is hateful to the unbelievers ( Sura 9 "at-Tawba", verse 32) It is a pity, of course, that there are such false media that brainwash people and show Islam as bad.
Death to the West is correct
and why is he wrong?
What does Islam have to do with it?
ISIS has done great damage to Islam.
Don't forget, this is a representative of the most peaceful
What a lie, Muslims would never do something like this unless the journalist committed an unforgivable sin
Provocative news, SubhanAllah. They filmed it themselves and it's just a performance
What has America forgotten on their lands? And what did Sassia forget in Syria?
This is a provocation! Both the USA and Russia are excellent at doing this. It’s very convenient to kill and blame everything on Islam!
Islam is not Terrorists Assalamalaikum alaikuma salam means peace to you! ISIS These are lost people who do not follow the path of Allah
Decree.
beauty, not religion
This is true Islam!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Politics Anybody can be under the mask, Americans can be to denigrate Muslims
Crazy fanatics!!!
It was better than politicians to destroy America like this, and the people would believe in justice!!!
Class
Salamualikum to yours
ISIS Christians are terrorists from Arabia. ISIS has nothing to do with Islam. I am a Muslim myself and I want to kill someone. They are just terrorists, don’t confuse Muslims with ISIS!
ALLAH DOESN'T SAY KILL IN MORE THAN ONE AYAH AND SURAH, WRONG INTERPRETATION OF THE QURAN, CUT OFF THEM WHAT IS ABOVE THEIR NECKS AND THEN CUT OFF THEIR HANDS THIS IS NOT LITERALLY, ABOVE THE NECKS IT MEANS PUT THEM ON THE TRUTH READ THE AYAS TO THEM TO THROW OUT THEIR DIRTY THOUGHTS AND LEAVE THEM IN YOUR HANDS DOING EVIL MEANS STOPING THEM, but NOT KILLING THEM
More citizenship for Tajiks and Uzbeks!
In Iraq, people look different, look at the man in the mask, he clearly doesn’t look like the people of Iraq or Syria, it’s clearly a fake video in the direction of Islam
This is cruel. God forbid anyone. You burn in hell
ISIS is not ISLAM don't say that please they are not Muslims
My friends are Muslims, I am a Christian. Our terrorism is interrupted by our religions
Why isn’t he afraid in the video, it’s staged
Muslim terrarist??
SHOCK!
In general, a journalist has, although not the same, but close to the ambassador’s powers. And if he is killed, it will lead to an interstate conflict.
Maybe repeat 2011 so that we don’t forget this year😅
I can also learn by heart " our father”... but this will not mean that I am Orthodox.
LET THEY NOT KILL HIM. WHERE IS THE EVIDENCE OF MURDER???
Health to the dead!
Dog radicals
There are no Islamists and Wahhabis! All this is an invention of Western propagandists! That is, when the United States bombs and blows up the houses of Iraq, everyone prays, no one says anything! And the USA is “heroes” and can they do anything? ! And as soon as Isis takes revenge, everyone immediately shouts that they are terrorists! The insanity is getting stronger!
Is everything too prepared? He's calm, America made this video herself
They themselves gave them weapons now and they stumble upon it if the USSR and the USA had not fought for the Arab states, they would still be normal
Well, yes, we are all reporters and journalists, or we were just passing by, everyone who goes to war to kill knows what they are doing, especially if they do it on purpose, why don’t I feel sorry for anyone, why would this suddenly happen, he won’t feel sorry for you because he came for this? Except for the innocent and convicted. What goes around comes around, and when you sow death, reap death.
Uh, I came here to break my psyche
I'm from tik tok
I am a mujahid
where can I watch it in full?
Are you here because of YouTube too?
Let him apologize
You are not Muslims to wake up and burn in hell forever
Why orders for beheadings?
Poor guy, he's just a journalist
Muslims are not Islamists
it has nothing to do with Islam
That is, you approve of a journalist under the guise of a journalist, firstly, he is an infidel (not faithful) for them, and secondly, he is in martial law! I don't know ALLAH knows best
They got to heaven
It didn't take long for ISIS to play music.
What difference does it make whether it's true or not! They kill a lot of people there! And Europe and the States are killing even more!! They go with their wars wherever they want this money!!!
There is full
Why does Allah punish journalists?
They are not Islamists but terrorists, that is, not true Muslims
ISIS is not ISLAM, ISLAM is not ISIS...
Listen Biden, THE RUSSIANS ARE COMING!!!
Where is this publicity?!
All murderers will burn in HELL along with their master, the devil, for all eternity! The courts are prepared for them! People, if you are still human, think about your soul, where it will go to eternity! Repent before it's too late!!! The Lord's judgment is real and close!!! This is not a myth, I went through the Judgment when I was dying, God brought me back to tell people that God and the Judgment are real!!! Come to your senses and repent before it’s too late!!! God is Love and He will not allow any malice on earth, only until the time comes and He gives you time to repent!!! Those who do not repent will become FIREWOOD FOR HELL!!! IN ETERNITY!!!
And you respect Muslims???? Hiding behind religions, shame on everyone
Is there a full video?
A low-grade lie.
Such killers should be tortured and everyone should see it when someone tries to kill someone
Don’t say Islamists, in Islam there is no such thing as beheading or killing a person
THIS IS NOT MUSLIM ASTAFULIALLAH
My condolences to the man
Installation. But these savages are not yet capable of this.
What savagery, these are real savages
cybergolden look how they filmed it, it's the same actor
send the original
Why kill these journalists? They’re not the ones giving the orders
They just let him talk it out and caught it on camera. This Muslim speaks English so well?
This video is the same as the one with Bin Laden and is intended to raise and frighten the public in the United States and other countries. In the future, “justified” they will bomb the “aggressor”. DO NOT believe in such a video, just like in the vaccine against the Ebola virus, if there is one, then after its use there will be even fewer people than after the virus. Capital is not called upon to engage in charity if it is not aimed commercial benefit.
Soon .. America will reap another (one atrocity .. committed in Ukraine) and then at the Great Nuremberg ... the new Nuremberg ... the crimes of America will be revealed (against all humanity 0 .. stunning ... frightening ones will be made public ... and Alarming ..factors in general of the ..presence ..of such a criminal ..and villainous .."""state" like "America"
Cut them and their children into strips
man is the likeness of God! only He decides who lives and how long, and the rest is the machinations of Satan.... Islamists-Satanists be damned! You will never see heaven: you will burn in Hell!
ALLAHU AKBAR

Religion is the opium of the people
I'm so sorry for D. Foley!
I don't want to say anything. but the terrorist’s shoes are either native or American (whichever you prefer). and is there really a full video online without censorship or cuttings? if not, then I would think about a fake. although I wouldn't be surprised at anything
installation, and a lousy one at that
Shoot.
For 2 years I was brainwashed. Not a single muscle twitched.
