Because of people, you have become famous and today because of them, you have become famous...then we have passed this attitude...
What will fans do if they are like dogs?
After looking at these attitudes if i get a chance  to click selfie with my  best celebrity i won&#39;t even make a try for it . Inke paas selfie khichna matlab Insult ko invitation dena .

Why do you go to take selfies with prostitutes?
ARE BHAGOO IN CHUTEYOO KO]

These people have lost their self respect, why are these people disturbing them? If you call celebrity an egoistic then you are also responsible for it. But in India people are mad about celebrities. Running after them like dogs, on the other hand they don&#39;t care who the hell you are

People should understand that these celebrities are human and respect their privacy.

I don&#39;t really blame those &quot;Celebrities&quot; ...I blame those PPL who somehow believe that their worth can only be amplified and displayed to the world if they can showcase a selfie with some known personality even if it costs them their self respect ..Shame

It's your mistake brother, what do you feel like brother, what did you do to him, you are dying to take a selfie... go home and be your real celebrity, your mother is the father, take a selfie with him... his his space. What do you do...you are mad after these mad people...no one is happy...
Celebrities have their own privacy. Respect that. They are also humans

I have seen only Sonu Sood, the true gentleman besides being an actor

They lead a disgusting life and we are responsible for this making them God or Goddess

Saali ka na sakal na surat
Don’t understand why people want selfie with these so called film celebrities 

This is how I want to be with you because I don't want to have self respect.
&quot;Unbelievable attitude&quot; vs &quot;Simple selfie&quot;  She has the right to refuse - simple selfie ho difficult selfie

Log itnay pagal hai.kash kisi shaheed ki family ko izzat day do

Mad people taking selfie with drunkenyard 

<a href="">6:30</a> who was she?

Agar aisa nahi karenge log sir pe bethainge
Begamjan

What kind of a person are you doing? What kind of God is Salman?
You idiot reporter, what a human being you are, are you not ashamed?
Fans are just mad for these celebrities. But celebrities do their job. Earn from them and then ignore them.

So what she is not wrong they need some privacy that they don&#39;t get it they have every right to have privacy they human after all sorry to say reporters fan sometimes they are irritating very irritating I don&#39;t blame karreena and just because she stands for her right doesn&#39;t mean you make her drunken make her face as it&#39;s on this post have some decency grow up..I support every celebrities in this video enough of public constantly they are on them give them space and privacy

Who is she ?? I don&#39;t know . Why giving so impotance

It is Castrouphobic when so many people come from all sides and especially for female celebrities... It is a threat

People are so obsessed with selfies that they forget celebrities also need privacy.... This girl shouting for Salman Khan.... Someone is promoting her to shout loudly..... Then this video will leak and then social media will term the stars bad

They are also tiered  . They are not always in mood to smile take selfie etc ..stop making them look cruel by putting that music in background.

Fan is the one who gives away his poor life like a dog running away in front of celebrities...does not achieve much in his life. Pata...a day is spent just sniffing the p@@d of celebs like a cat.
Public is behaving so strangely, one selfie will set your life, you will lose your job, you will get married, they are behaving like this.
If you laugh in someone's private space then you will eat it.
Pagal public

Ye dubai ma ma jis hotel ma km krta tha wahn bethi rhi mery samny many dekha takh nai isko

That&#39;s the normal response from a human. I would have slapped them in face instead.

Ye sab doo koori k loog h jinky pichy tum bagty hoo selfie lene k lia

OMG. She looks like Emily Blunt. Wth. Change my mind

Ma'am...Ma'am...Ma'am...all credit goes to the disgusting paparazzi who make these nasty women popular 
I don’t why people are still interested to take pictures with such type of actors lol

Logo ko is ruthless idiots ke saath selfie lene ki inta kyu utsukta hae?? Arey yaar apne doston ke saath 100 selfies le lo, apne family aur friends ke saath khoob sara photo sessions karo aur social media par post karo… these Bollywood poop are so rude and arrogant!!! Still yeh log mare ja rahe har photo ke liye

Taking a selfie with our loved one&#39;s is more memorable in life than with a person who doesn&#39;t care. 

Abd to apni gaa.... Marate ho inke peeche pad ke inki aukaat kya h

There is no need to give so much footage..
I hate kareena kapoor is an idt

I hate people&#39;s.  Why follow to her. Kuch kam nahin hea kya

Kya pta log inke sath selfi lene k liye kyun mrte hen....inko star to public hee bnati he or phr usi pulic ko ye unsult krte hn...inhe to moo hee nhi lgana chahye...inhe star hm bnate hen ..wrna inke bss kuch nhi he...

They are all begging from the fans to live

If we boycott the celebrations, we will be wise in one day.
Your papa is your hero and mom herione, take a picture with them. That is a best thing in world 

Ye log khud hi apni insult karwate hai wo bolte thodi na hai ke humare piche aao

<a href=""> Kareena kapoor playing game at home

I dont blame kareena ...the one who wants a selfie with her is stupid .....iske sath selfie koi qutiya hi lega ...doesent deserves even slightest of attention ...

Control is good only if you understand madam.
Bhagat Singh I also planned to visit the place of birth of a real hero like Rajguru.. This is how it should be with people like you who consider innocent humans as God..
these actors think themselves gods

western actors are much more appreciative of their fans,humble and willing to take a selfie unlike there eastern counter parts

Cheeeee

Karina I have not found any Hindu boy for you.
Chat for him if you like  Fools have been made celebrities by the poor people.
Matlab their attitude has become more then god I think even god has eaten someones jhuta food as we all know ..but they are someone i have no words

En madrchod logo ke pichhe q baghte ho tum jaise chutiya log

since when did having boundaries and privacy become an &quot;attitude&quot;?

Why do you feel so much love in people?
Stars are also humans, friends, they have come to rest in this sphere, so don't disturb them.
Boycott all bollowed film
 ye report log sala mathersud he kisliye on log ko photo te ho.mot koro aisa ok
Brother, why do you give so much value to these people? If you take selfie, those people of scientists and people of army are the real heroes.
I don&#39;t find any fault of Kareena..when ppl will understand that your self esteem is in your own hand..Doesn&#39;t matter even how big are they  why beg for selfies??.We love to watch movies ,get entertained after long hectic work .That&#39;s it..Put a full stop there...

Ye to peakkad he

Public is god for celebrities

Bhai magar galat hai log jarasa bhi nhi samaj the hai or phone kabi camra lekr aage aa jate hai galti bhai glt hai

We should stop giving attention to bollywood celebrities Why to give so much attention to them.let them walk alone dont be so excited to meet them

Selfie kyu lena h?stars nahi h yeh...kaise look aur logo ko chote log aur tum log kitna bhav dete ho kyu

Any Hindu woman who names her son Taimur..... I cannot say here what I think of that woman, but I&#39;m sure you can guess.

This was so wrong. Film stars are also human. It was rude and disgusting  that selfie guy behaved... Jumping in front taking selfie , without so mush so as if you please. I admire Karina&#39;s restraint in this situation

Why can't you ignore the logged in logo? What God is this? Keep your self-respect.
Salman did the right thing

Village fellow who bought a new phone 

First she saw the face and decided against it

Yeh iteam hain

You should maintain your own self-respect. Don't worship any dancer or imitator so much that they don't deserve it.
At the time of film promotion, this privacy is very important, the tab that says privacy is raised, Matlabi log
Look how carefully she is walking ki kahi gir na jau wese bhi halak Tak pi Lia hai 

Mumbai is full of chapri type public getting mad about this bhands...&quot; Sir please one pic&quot;..

Actually we should blame ourselves. How would your life change if you get a selfie with them or even if you don&#39;t get....

<a href="">#boycott</a> bollywood

Look at the attitude of the guy and this country's life is on the inlog's cinema ticket. You are crazy and you are an actor, you are an actor, you are a crazy actor, you are an actor, you are living a life of cinema hall ticket, you are a curse to all
She&#39;s right; i will not like that a fan come like this without asking me for a selfie

They also have problems in life, harwakt selfie koon leta h

Not the dramatic music omg
Me who was searching for horror videos

<a href="">4:40</a> aagar ye bollywood stars fans ko ignore kr rahe then buycott there movies they automatically come on road to make fans 

In logo ko humne hi sar pe chadaya hai...band karo in sab logo ki movies dekhne Jana....<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

Don&#39;t make this kind of video......u guys r the one who also think negatively u nurd

<a href="">

This is where your respect triples for superstars like swargeey Sri Puneeth Rajkumar saab who used to treat fans like his family members. Free food for fans at his place, respectful behavior, having a meal with them, standing patiently for hours together to give pictures to fans.. despite being massive star himself. RIP power star ji. Miss you sir

Yar public kitni chu hai. Mai to ghas na dalu kisiko. Who am I to make someone uncomfortable and then say ki i am a big fan.

Paparazzi have jobs so that&#39;s fine but, regular people should keep it to movies only. Stop treating these rich sluts as queens.

Thumbnail I am looking as if I have smoked ganja 
Sanjay Dutt did absolutely nothing 
Those people are looking for a face with more respect, that is why do not give more attitude to actors or actresses, so that the world sees photos with you.
So bad Don&#39;t run behind them I feel very bad for that girl so insulting  Salman have no manners yr

Who is investigating this?
Why u people even bother to talk to these type of actors.. These actors are not even bother today where they are it&#39;s just of people. So guys grow up yar....

Series 1 Mind - Hypnosis. Mind - Hypnosis. In this series &#39; What is Hypnotism? Explained &#39;This is the third episode. Check out the previous two episodes on the YouTube channel Quantum Holistic Health. Among them Dr. who is working in Quantum Holistic Health. Sunetra Javakar and Shivangi Javakar are participating. (Hypnotherapist &amp; Naturopath, Mind Counselor) Many people are curious about hypnotherapy - Hypnotherapy. It is the only science that completely de-problems the mind (and certainly life) by fixing the mind. Just talking or listening to information is a bit boring. So questions and answers are put before you through chat. You will definitely like it. Thank you. If you like the video, please like and subscribe to the channel.Dr. Sunetra Javkar 9820373281Shivangi Javkar7400473893(Hypnotherapist &amp; Naturopath, Mind counselor)<a href=""> this video also : first episode YouTube link <a href=""> second episode YouTube link <a href="">
Why do you kill people to take selfies with these people 
I have not even given birth to such a human being.
Cons of being famous.bhai why bother them ? how will you feel you come drunk out of a bar and the entire media and the nation is watching you? Privacy is required

Hey friend..these people are drunk..
She&#39;s full tripping with drugs

Yrrr treat them like a human being

La, show your face like that kabo kabo kareena kapoor is rude..it's too much for this indian channel..wat cite..where is kareena rude when she's drunk..strange Aish just likes Kareena and Karisma badly
She&#39;s drunk for god sake give her space who wouldn&#39;t be man

What will happen if you make your parents your parents?
Take the selfie with our Indian army soldiers and farmers who are feeding and saving us in the form of parents. They are the real hero and avoid taking pics of these idiot actor and actress.

Mom n dad are previous gift go behind them..  love my only dad n mom

Abe kya inke peeche apna waqt barbad karte ho saale aise he hai yeh Bollywood waale

That&#39;s why I started liking BTS

Sanjay dutt to sahi tarike se pesh aya rahe thy logo ne hi tang kia tha, unho ne to kaha tha ek ek karke. Par log rasta rok ke baith gye.

How many people are full of inferiority complex, how are they begging for a photo. Salo, this is the queen of Hansi who has given so much importance, it is because of the need of your taste that she understands her app very well.
It's a mistake...it's my life too...whatever you do...every time you appear in front of some media...what you do...whatever you do...if you dare then shoot...Personnel. not much
What are these stars that have come from the sky, what is this attitude 
The editor editing this like an Indian serial bruh 

It&#39;s a harassment for stars! People are wrong esp. being too close to lady stars.

The biggest hero is the father.
Karena is not ready for a selfie  why should somebody troll for this small little thing..... don&#39;t have any clue

Why do you run after them, there is no God, if God is there for you then there is no need to meet him. , , NAALRAYAN HIS STYA HAI AND WHAT KUCH HE SAID AND WHAT KUCH HE SAID. , , OM Namah Shivaya. , , I prayed to Lord Shiva. , ,
Classic Desi editing... Epic!!! ‍️ But A hole actors in the public eye should understand the meaning of a fanatic... And having one or many is a blessing .. so humble urself

Mera to koi favourite actor hi nhi h or na hi kise ki fan hu Inka profession h ye that&#39;s it

People are crazy dying to take selfie with theses crap bollywood actors

Why do you bother someone by taking a selfie? I don't know who is in what mood.
What did Kareena say?.....
Imagine how annoying it is to live their life. It&#39;s terribly complicated.

I wonder sometimes ppl standing outside their houses, wanting r dying to take selfie. Man ur wasting ur time &amp; efforts on nonsense. Get a life.

Bollywood is a waste of anybody&#39;s time honestly.

Why do you run away from these bastards?
Its not about selfie everyone need some  Privacy

that was legit dangerous for Sanjay dutt but if he pushes someone back then make it a big deal. jhanvi was uncomfy but she cannot express it? what nonsense is this

oh yes, they are public property. how dare they refuse a selfie or not allow a complete stranger get into their space. they do not deserve their alone time or a bad mood.

Why are you taking selfies with these guys so that you can't even eat your sister's daughter?
The society doesn't give this log a photo at all KR Achar dalenge Kya hunga hoga hoga hoga hoga respect hai disrespect ke liye disrespect me kuch hai This log is here to entertain us, they are getting paid to click photos with you, don’t you understand 
Druggywood

What I see isI can’t just see the people bothering the celebs.they have right to live their private lifeKitna pareshan hona parta hai yaar ek celeb hoker bhi.Log Sukoon se jeene Nahi dete selfie selfie khabar me lekar jayenge kya Saare selfies and <a href="">all.ye</a> sab govt ki taraf se ban hona chahiye.

They are zero without audience. Log kyu piche bhagte h in bewkoofo k.

Guys dont waste your time to taking these kind of stupid things... Why the society gave too much importance to these Celebrities? I feel shame on that man..

I didn&#39;t like public always click celebraties if they are drunk and going to shopping 

BGM 

I can tell that Kareena Mam is drinking cheap drinks 
These kind of videos to be restricted from YouTube.Unnecessary making someone feel bad and making money from these kind of videos is not applicable.

Ok but..... Why that Indian serial effects? 

Why do they think that taking a selfie with a dog is like this? Why do they think, 'Oh God, I have fallen on my tree.'
Bruh she getting uncomfortable as she is intoxicated people can&#39;t live and let live

Selfie can be misused. Good she didn&#39;t give the selfie.

How can threaten the driver 

Indian some people are fool

Shit why you people treating them like a God..?!they are just human beings. Moreover they are down to you. Because of you they become popular, without fans they are nothing..

Both are husband wife so bad as well as cheap

Jitne reporters iske pichhe pade hai usse jada BB 15 winner ke peeche pade haiBut she is amazing️

It’s all good having an opinion on this until you realise that you’re watching a video filmed by a guy that was doing the exact same thing and invading peoples space!

even a little
Whose devotees are there?
dekho yr ye actor han sharab peety han or log in ko like krty han shame of u

What a illusion people facing!!!! Have pity on you people!!!! Connect to Superpower Waheguru Don&#39;t waste time for those who just making you Silly. What stupid movies are about? These will die one day may be by drinking in washrooms... These have the same skin, eyes, ears. Why are you being so stupid......... This life is just passing without any meaning

Mother drank
So weird for selffiee

It is public mental that has been read behind them, brother, it is known everywhere, they also have a personal life.
How did you become a beggar?
I have to give so much emotion that these people are Gods, they are so audacious to take selfies, I am in awe of people's faces, I have seen so much of their movies, I can't imagine anything.
Even though we still have life, we will always keep taking selfies.
Kareena and Saif Ali Khan watch the band and do it
The crowd is sick as fuck man. Honestly only in india. They’ll worship anything and anyone.

&quot;Bhaishab sheesha upar lo and reverse lo vana pare gi ak&quot; That wass wayyyy tooo rude tooo say smtggg

I don&#39;t like any Indian actors aur actress  this bloody idiot kareena drunk

Ye to sharb pee khe aye huey hai begarit

this never happens in my home town Mangalore ...no stars and cricketers ...people chase none ...i am proud of being a manglorean

Public inko star bnati h or inka attitude dekho shitttt

to be honest this is insane, these people cant be taking pictures with everyone,

Every human has their own right to reject something which they dont like always... Arre selfie lene se pahle puchna to chaiye...

The actors not know that due to fans they r there

what thy re gonna do with these selfies

How many fans are there?
Spit these bloody film stars why do u even value them

Yar kuch to chal raha hoga between Kareena and Saif, that's why both of them are angry.
Hm log hi inka attitude bdate he….are kya huarat he inko intna response dene ka
The thumbnail horribly exaggerates her face making her look like she&#39;s stoned.. She doesn&#39;t look that drunk at all in the actual video..  also.. she has the right to her privacy when she feels like it.. clickbait video..

Bollywood is rotten! Only South Indian actors are good these days...
People made them like this.. so it is payback....fault of common people

It’s not nice to take selfies and uploading no use

These people are like...they dont Have any respect fr themselves..

She is drank so leave it...Raste pe kitane pade hote hai pike

They are drunk  karena and another girl

Is this the mentality of people in India. Just saying. Why they worship actors and actresses like gods. Lol... they also just human. 

I don't know why people are so crazy to see these things.
Looks like both of them have gone out drunk.
Public hi ku important deti h in logo ko jo itna attitude ajata h

What kind of attitude is there on these actors…..these actors too, all of us are the people's joke because we are the ones who have watched their movies recently…..
Ye bhi to selfie lene k liye pagal ho rhe h

They should think that without us they are nothing

B*tch wtf is wrong with the musicit is just a selfie

After taking drugs

They have the right to refuse. They are common people like we. Celebrities ka naam badnam mat karo na... Don&#39;t be jeleus just be happy and thankfull. All celebraties are very good but those fans are bad who does not understand them.. please try to understand them..

I don&#39;t think she gave attitude... And if she did what&#39;s the prblm? If u know she is drunk her eyes are red how much she is stressed out and u are going there to beg for selfie it&#39;s your fault

That&#39;s why i don&#39;t take any of the celebrate seriously 

bro what attitude, will you let any one take selfie when your drunk

What a stupid girl you are, plz plz sir, what are you doing, take a picture with him, he is running your house, or is he fulfilling all your needs, which you are begging for, in front of him. Shame on you.
Meri jaan hai karina, no one will bother me, then the end will be bad, press walo.
What if ur family in that situation without knowing will u post or if u know also will u post so better support then insulting other

U know what they r human like us...like sometime our mood is bad their mood also be bad sometimes if u can&#39;t help ur industries then don&#39;t make them as a joke ok and u YouTuber u will get more likes.and comment if u show reality better then making other as a joke

They are also human wat u expect in such situation anyone will get fuvkd up

Why do people go crazy over such people? Where is humanity in this?
Why the FK am I watching this shit

Don’t go behind such fake hero and heroines ! Go behind the real hero JESUS who shed blood for our sins ! These people are not God , they are just humans ! They are no way special , if we stop watching their movies they are no one !

Shit music

We see these people&#39;s movies and these people become superstars.  If we people show attitude and stop seeing their movies, these people will become रोडपती.

Worst part is this media page that shows as if it&#39;s so wrong

How to break Tumlog into pieces because Tumlog does not give any value.
Like she didn&#39;t really misbehave in anyway Like refusing for a selfie doesn&#39;t make her the bad guy !! And she looks tired and exhausted too so just let it slide please They are human too

They fello does not diserve this much respect

Bollywood is a sickness

Who logs in these people who do not care about their self-respect and why do they run after logging in?
Itna ghamand 

Thank Ishwar  for giving me brain,Thank Allah  for giving me brain,Thank Jesus for giving me brain  so I could understand that all idols and celebrities are normal human beings.

Silly fans

Brother, I have always kept it to myself but I have not done anything wrong in my behaviour. It was my polite behavior or even the habit of taking selfies. There is no need to worry about something that works respectfully.
Log aapni begati karwate hy khud are wo log hamary waje se females hoty hy or ghamand dekho me to samne hi dekhu too vi na jaw 

Theyhv right fr personal space and time... they r also humans.. ppl r really gojn crazy wd mobiles... idiots

Ye ladki pagal hai kya jo 1 pic ke liye 5 ghante ruki aur itna beg kar rahi hai.... really sad hw much our youth is delusional and stsa hav gone down so much

What have you written the title of Ganja and what have you given the music?
Why the hell you want selfie with them .. leave them alone

Taking selfies is so personal.  Give these people their privacy.  They have every right to be rude.  One must ask respectfully and if they say no than respect it.

People shd not care abt them that&#39;s when they vl call n click pics..they r not real hero&#39;s..teal hero&#39;s t the ones who leave their family and love to save and serve the country..don&#39;t know when people will realise that

Ufff you have seen a lot of attitude
I don&#39;t get why ppl r so mad at them? Even if they&#39;re, atleast show them some respect by asking fr a selfie.

I don&#39;t like her because of her attitude not only this video she is

Why are you running like pigs, for money uploading on YouTube. They are better than us. If you don't care for yourself then what will you eat.
Now that god is not there, he is going crazy for the photo.
We feel quite uncomfy if a random person comes and asks for a picture. So they are free to feel uncomfy and get out of the crowd

Chutiya log hote hai selfie Lene wale

South indian  is best

 Kareena looks so dirty.
Whether she agrees to the selfie or not...interfering with someone else's life without meaning...how irritating it must seem.
Jo eaise in logoke aage pichhe ghumte hain wahi log sala param madarchod hote hain...wo log film ka actor he bas koi bhagwan nehi hain....sala un logoko bi free jinedo....

itne bhao khate h ye log to log jate q h hero sbke sath sbke pic lene h mi to dekh k v kvi n jau
Everyone is talking nonsense.
For fuck sake she is ALOUD to feelLike please not today!! Like imagine hats your life everywhere everyone wants to take pictures and you have to keep smiling! I don’t have to smile all the time or have people hate adding me for pics! I don’t want that life it’s sad she is aloud to have a break.

Rip thumbnail

If selfie is not possible then people start capturing celebrities&#39;  walking style, sitting in car etc. But why?  Many of their pics available on internet, daily  Bollywood entertainment videos available on different channels  Internet ki duniya ne itni mehnat q

Why do you keep fooling the innocent people so much?
Who are these people, where do they come from, that the army of lovers is killing for selfies..
Ate jatey tang karna hai hai. ignorant
Why u take this bollywood as ur inspiration n role model...think about Swami Vivekananda n other legend of our india...

Vese i dont like kareena personality overall but decensy slefie air cameraman walo ko honi chahiye

Tabhi pata chalta hai south acters aur bollywood actors ke bich kitna antar haiSouth acters apne fans ke liye kya kya karte hai

I don&#39;t know the before and the after but I can always say that disturbing a person at his or her private hour is one of the the most obnoxious things on earth.

What a b*<b>****</b>

For her the man is only a piece of meat....tats wat happens when u have everything and people run behined u.

That initial walk looked like she&#39;s been training for zombie role

What an attitude...janta hi pagal hoti hai inhe hum upar chadhate hai aur ye hame aukat dikhate hai...anyway sushant was legend

The joke is on the dumb guys so desparate for selfies with those celebrities...

What do you like in Bollywood, ignore the movie, so that we are like you.... Chat!!
 bus aapka editing hei sound effect hei avur kuch nahi o normally thi haha

Poor guy Sanjay Dutt everyone was surrounding like wolves for a bag of meat 

I can say there are so many people&#39;s who are extremely ignorant because their roll models are fake people&#39;s fake personalities.

Your totally wrong

If you want to take selfie with Kareena Kapoor then you are mistaken.
Camera wale chitiye log inke peeche peeche bhagte hai aur aur photo na mile to negative post kar dete hai....ye log to mana kar rahe hai bas mai to thappad maar deta..

Thumbnail 
Very good

What bullshit just leave her alone and let her enjoy her own self

Fake people

Arey yaar, why do you keep reading behind these people…if you read more and achieve a lot in life…what will happen if you take a selfie with them…these are also normal people…it is unnecessary to read behind them and improve their attitude.public in logon
She looks so tired

I don't understand why it is so expensive for you guys to share photos with them….who are they….what is God…..ever share photos with a soldier, doctor or sweeper.. ..wo log frontline worker he.....ye log third class nacheri hei
dude, this topic is so dirty
sakal to iski hai nahi

very good. keep running after them

Galt woh nahin hai galat ap log hain jo enhain sar par charhatay hain selfie lete hain. Unhain ignore karain unko enki aukat pata chaal jaye gi

The thumbnail btw...

Everyone is taking drugs.
Bunch of jobless idiots after celebrities

So irritating. I&#39;m not a celebrity but such behavior can affect a normal person like me too.. soo irritating man

Nothing is wrong in it. If one isn&#39;t comfortable, you shouldn&#39;t force them. Ajeeb!

People sometimes behave like *ickheads. Give them some space idiots

Idk why but i am laughing

Those who take selfies are crazy, aren't they? What will happen if a selfie comes to your phone?
Only if some random guy pops infront or beside of this selfie taker’s wife or sister or mom and start taking selfie with them , then only he’ll realise how other women feels when they show such behaviour

kitna dramatic kiya hai bhai?!like just look at <a href="">0:35</a>...

What kind of feeling do you give to Inlog? It is not worthy of us yet.....Take selfies with your family like what do you expect from a cheap logo.. What kind of feeling do you give to Inlog?
Why are you asking a for a pic... To grandmother

Nashe main dhurt hai

Who r they why people giving that much fame ... Take the selfie with u family father mother .. that will make u more happy .. <a href="">#boycott</a> Bollywood

She is always live with her attitudeBut she doesn&#39;t anything about public We are supported that&#39; why she is something

Kareena's wish is that brother, live your life and give life to the celebrity world, that's why I don't live with the attitude, that's why I am leaving my own work, but don't make it meaningless, she started to behave as if she was a servant of her father.
this bc hai hi aise bollywood waale mc
No its wrong what they did its like just wrong

Have some self respect guys. Why do you do that?? Apni zindagi me kuchh aisa karo ki ye tumhari photos len. They just need you in theatres and not in their way.. they aren&#39;t Sonu Sood and Akshay Kumar...Jai Hind 🇮🇳

Tf is this?

The joke is public which has been put on his head.
There are stupid people who insult me ​​because of selfie, take a selfie with your mother, father, take a selfie with your brother or sister, take a selfie with your dad, take a selfie with you, they will respect you and also give you blessings. ,,,or why are you proud with your teacher, with some army person, why are you proud with these utensils, would you like to take a selfie with your pet
Am i the only person who doesnt like clicking my own selfie leave it taking with any other celebrity bcx for me they are just another human nothing special

This is Kareena's strange attitude boss...I don't know what she has understood.
Plz don&#39;t driking alchol aviod. Please your money don&#39;t waste. Plese help beggar school students common poor people.sushanth the great.

90 pecentage cine actor actress no good habit life real life. Stop addiciton actor actress your mind connect god and your family.and daily go to temple. South Rajni ganth and ajith kumaar sir real life good.

If you are a fan then even if there is a problem in your life then you will be angry at me.
This is the reality of Bollywood
very bad
Fuck them all

I don&#39;t like film actors at all, no matter what country they are from

Don&#39;t be a dog to take photos with actors۔

South actors are far better than these type bollywood actor

Thodi Si Jo Pili Hai, Chori To Nahi Ki HaiO shariq, O Salmaan, O ameer, JamaloKoi To Hamko Roko Koi To Sambhalo, Kahi Ham Gir Na PadeThodi
Ana vich has a strong ego
When did she show attitude... She was just talking to someone

Ok, imagine this scenarioYou are tired after whole day work, and then people constantly swarm around you asking for selfies, and if you refuse, they say you have ATTITUDEBro, they are human too right? They have rights to refuse

Hey, don't make a drama out of it, you can also get angry, you are a human being, when am I in which mood, when am I in which, we always remain surrounded 24 hours a day...
What is the name of the girl with Kareena??
Who is the fool among these two people, the actor and the actress or the people who made them so big? The answer is the same every time the public joins hands with them for a pic.
Raise Your talents such that Actors come to take photos with You.

Bhad me jaye bollywood

High on drugs and yeh fans bhi chutiye hote hai

Slaay point!

Do celebrities deserve so much attention ?
Who can madam sir watch if you don't watch please watch madam sir on TV a lot of fun
Queen of bollywood .. she did right

Those who want to destroy Indian culture are here... Band karo bollywood
Don&#39;t you leave  the celebrities for their own life ..... wat she said.....nothing ryt.....u make their life disgusting....

these ppl wont change

So what she not allowed to say no?

Friend, what kind of a log is this that has started intruding into the privacy of others….they are forcibly taking selfies.
Kya yrrr kuch bhi ????????
You are looking so happy that you are showing so much that you have created some space for the logo.
People deify these actors, forgetting they are also humans and it can be irritating for actors as well, continously being asked for selfies everywhere they go. It&#39;s offending for fans as well when  celebraties refuse to acknowledge them. So, people appreciate their art and work, but don&#39;t go crazy behind them because it&#39;s going to give you nothing in reality nor their recognition, nor money, nor their status...nothing.

honestly i respect those actress because they are also normal people not like alien so they also have rights to refuse the selfies kareena was just too tiredso never judge those actress

The expressions of these people are visible from the faces of these chutiya people, after seeing the news of Bollywood, it seems that communism has been imposed in the country and send these people to labor camps :D:D:D:D
Cant people just give them some space i mean imagine u are going through this daily even after having mental breakdowns and bad days

It&#39;s not Kareena&#39;s fault. It&#39;s actually people being over dramatic.

u bloody mf. i didnt feel like its a unbelievable attitude. bloody mf wud do anything for likes and views.

This is the problem of being famous.. better to lead a simple ,,happy life without anyone&#39;s tortures

Why the public is that much crazy to get a pic what they&#39;ll do with pics  many think that it may be a photoshop effect try to avoid them yaar they are Avoiding us we shall avoid them simple!!!!!

There is no doubt that Kreena Kapoor will die soon.. God rest his soul...... Rip Kreena 
Rip kareena kapoor
Lok inke peeche kyu pagal hai yeh Sabi aona apna katwa kar movies krte hai bhen ke lore actress to Kisi Ka bhi mooh mein leti hai in Salo ko aur upar betha rhe ho

Said the car has changed today mam. Hey man, what will you do with OLA...
Pehle Lok inko famous kr dete based mein yeh lore hi loko ko badtameezi dikhate hai

Public Madarchod is in these places and the bastards are being kept on the charade.
Yeh sab photo bench kar Paisa lete hain

Because of the public, this log star beauty or attitude has been seen and these actors have fallen from the sky.
Everyone has an internet life and they don't want to face the camera 24 hours. A lot of things happen inside the human being so that they can't open up. Or I don't want to be in the same mood at the same time. Not even a few people are making the issue of Baton.
You should respect the space whether male /female, actors, celebrities, politicians or US.  Everyone deserves their space.  They will obviously get annoyed mahn!!!  This is not how we take selfies.  We are normal people but still we ask that let&#39;s take a selfie.  So why are the rules different with celebrities . Why to get offended with it? Here, With Sanju Daa and Jahnvi was the limit!!!  Stop messing with the word FAN!  Of course they are because of US , and it&#39;s not like they don&#39;t know this. But they work for it . And if they don&#39;t , then we don&#39;t waste a single day or minute to criticize them.  Why is it so ??

Begging for a picture , kam dham dekho apna

It is not Sanjay baba's fault.. this way everyone has become so full of people that it is hard to confuse anyone... people do not have the slightest sense...
They haven&#39;t done anything to show respect. Hence ignore such idiot false stars

Public, all these people are doing bad things in the future, why don't they do anything?
In the company of those who like. What selfie  ii
THEY ARE HUMAN TOO THEY HAVE THE RIGHT TO SAY NO IF THEY ARE NOT FEELING COMFORTABLE

Such a sweet girl..

Tbh they sound so annoying just let her breathe and this is not an indian tv show or smth stop it with the drama yall

Look at her eyes in the thumbnail so funny

I think the bgm and overall editing is done by some serial editors

Sick are these assholes who run after these actors like dogs begging for selfies and not respecting their space or privacy

Stupid fans are flying the flag of self respect from somewhere else.
Irritation is there bro attitude don't tell anyone wrong 
So why do you wait for them to get the 

where is her showing &quot;Unbelievable ATTITUDE&quot; ? fuck ur channel bro misleading people for clicks.

Or legend Sushant sir
Meet with Akshay sir

I think she said no selfie aur sahi bhi hai friend hai kiya tumhaari nonsense celebrity hai but they have their own life too

I mean come on one should respect each other&#39;s space nd not get mad it&#39;s natural we ain&#39;t at that position so we can&#39;t judge....Just admire them for their work and move on...

Instead of taking selfies with your friends and family members, run away from this imaginary glamorous world...you will always be happy...
Ye sell sab ayes hi h bhenchod sab
I think video editor is pretty stupidEveryone needs privacy specially after drink or dinner

Daaru is drunk, what kind of a big tirade is being played.. even the media is not talking about it.
You have to take selfies from South actors or from Marathi actors, people who don't even care why they run in front of them with the phone.
Getlost kidhar bola page admin bsdk
Beti kareena sudhar jaa...
Ek hote hai dc comics ek hote hai tinkle comics fir aate hai wo jo thumbnail me kuch ajeebo Gareeb likhte hai aur comic bante hai

Sach bolu to public chutiya hain

Nashedi

They are famous, every is Appreciating their presence not because they did a brave and grand job but they came out drunken. What a taste standard we indians have. If someone ask : what do they do for the                                      -                              public is crazy. Me :                    they simply do their jobs  -                      like us  normally

We all have come to the road and have made a lot of progress in riding a bicycle.
What is the value of these things? Do you take the photo of your mother or father? You do not think that you are a star.
Wo kareena ki glti nhi h wo us insan ki galti h jisne selfee lene ki kosis ki bhgwan ni h wo yr aur tum selfee le loge toh loude bade admi ni hojaoge

Why do these people care so much? People get their clothes done themselves.
Actual main log is chutiya hain
There are many blind women in India who don't understand how they got such a waste of time that they have the attitude of taking selfies with the hero heroine.
That&#39;s why I love k-pop they respect their armies or we can say fans. I hate Bollywood because of nepotism and some star kids don&#39;t have talent then also they are considered as an actor, model or singer. In k-pop they only chose the people who have talent.

Do you understand them too? They are also suffering.. log aa jake bhi dete
You guys have put this on your head and boycott it and everything will improve. This is the way we are for entertainment. These are all the clothes we wear, so we are much higher than these people. What do we do to make ourselves happy?
Celebraty also human beings and they have right to survive theirs life however they wanted ...So we have to respect their work ....We don&#39;t have right to distrub their life ...

it’s not a big deal.

Subah subah yoga Karo Shaam ko Daru pio that&#39;s the secret of khadina Khan !

all the hollywood, bollywood kollywood sandalwood tolywood actors and actress take this

This is not attitude agr tumhare sath asa krege tho bura legega he na itna chipakna and privacy is something tumlog kahi bhi chale jaate ho jaha ulog rahete hai they can&#39;t even goo out for shopping WTH! And tumlog bolte ho Attitude

Warna padegi ek ?? Seriously their true colours

Why begging for selfie, respect urself.u made them stars.we should not beg for selfie wth thm nd give them space , don&#39;t irritate them .

Who are they.just dancers and can barely act.

I feel sad for her, can&#39;t she have a personal life? Fcking paparazzi

Why the hell you guys want a selfie of these people  they are available in internet  

And this book is written about how children should be brought up.
Iam surprised how he got 6.5m views
What&#39;s the point to be so mad after them?

She have right to deny if she doesn&#39;t feel like what&#39;s wrong in it

Yeh jo log hai na Bollywood ke ek no. Ke kutte kamine log hote hai mein ne toh inki films bhi dekhna band kar dia hai mein toh bas wohi Bollywood films dekhta hoon jo apne Indian history par based hai or I only watch marathi films kyunki marathi actors/actresses are great than this cheap guys

Or bhago in log k peeche
Why should I take a selfie? I don't know how to take a selfie, but I have to take a selfie.
Isn’t it not right for celebrities in India to have a drink and have a good time. Sallay chutiya media

That bitch who took photos with me
How do these web series and Bollywood play with our minds, colonize them, your religion, culture, country is bad, everything else is good, your language is bad and English is good, people should pay some attention, all this is narrative. What is war, when your country is destroyed then you have to reduce the respect of your own people by following its people, people like David in Bollywood have hacked and kept such narratives running and we see them in movies, ads, web series. This narrative is being fed to me slowly.
Who are you a human being? Who are you? They are also being worshiped on their heads in the world. Dirtiness is spreading in the world. Youth is destroying this people. If you die then this attitude will end.
It is not their fault...logs are used to torment them...give them some privacy man...every time they go anywhere, logs are accessed by phones and cameras...with their permission and permission. What else will happen if you keep taking photos...you should think sometimes.
Sanjay Dutt ky sth jo kr ry thy jesy unko ghair lia ta us sy ksi b insan ko gusa ana normal ha...
This is silly ! You can take selfies with out her permission but you winge stating she has attitude ! What sort of justice is this !

Mental people they have privacy don&#39;t disturb them

Who who.
Sanjay Dutt said one by one
I don&#39;t believe it actors have sense

Why are we running behind them Ho he is just a hero in the movie Real hero toh mumma Papa haiii
They too have a personal life....

Trust me or not they don&#39;t have privacy most of time which frustrated them

She is also a human being need some privacy why you people always going over the limit don’t interfere in there privacy please definitely it’s a irritating one

Why do you give so much money to the prostitutes?
Salon Tumlog has no life! The lifestyle of celebrities has been made illegal! And it's not just the background music that creates controversy! It's a natural reaction! Their day could be bad!
Treating them like God!! Just famous that&#39;s it

Yeah of course she is absolutely right he doesn&#39;t have etiquette that he should not poke his nose in someone&#39;s privacy

People going mad !!
Give them some space . They are humans and you cannot expect them to give you their time , their life isn’t as good as it seems

This stupid culture f taking selfie without someone permission should be punishable offence...

Why are you taking photos with me, why do you like Chutiya, will someone do this with me, will you apply lappad to BSDK guy, run away bc
I don&#39;t blame actors those people are bunch of idiots,

Roz alag alag logo ke saath pi kar sone wali ye actress ...kyun marr rahe ho selfie ke piche....5-6 crore rs ho tumhare paas to ...tumhare saath bhi so jayengi

These shameless fans have no sense or self-respect.

Just ignore this so called actrors

Some people don&#39;t know the boundaries where and when, how to behave..... They are also human beings with feelings and emotions, we ask for selfie anytime anywhere we see them, but never think there situation.......

Ohh God this is so irritating, Celebs ko kitna irritate kardete he ye media wale specially heroines, kitna uncomfortable lag raha tha sabko

I mean they are drunk right? They are humans too right? Is it not okay for them to have human emotions?

Sushanth Singh Rajput is best among all...and great person than these nepotism idiots...encourage ppl who have talent not to these people who have just background not dedication to work

Actor achhe hai lekin log ###<a href="">#hai</a> 



Sharam hei ki nhi inn ko ko
Thumbnail I killed you
How can Saif talk rude to his driver...omg

It's not everyone's fault, we don't know how great our public is, we don't understand how great the public is, we run so fast to take a picture, or we make everyone feel special, because we show so much attitude.
Enko bnane wale b hum h or begadne wale b ......etna attitude stardum ka 

Now I understand clearly what a paparazzi is... Other term for them could be celeb annoyers

Ye log dhaake maarke bhaga rahe hain fir bhi chuitue aur gaandu fans inke piche bhaag rahe hain.

She was very nice when i met her london

Here I am saying that there is no fault of these celebrities but the public itself is interested in seeing the results of making them stars, now I am wrong. He would have liked more if he took a selfie with his family.
Stupid humans show abig value for Bollywood sluts

You don't understand why people feel that you are wearing corona.... Even if you wear underwear/diapers, you are still visible.
Abbey she is drunk toh udhr ab kesa attitude, media is the worst ! I hate it !!

If they allow they will do <a href="">5:30</a>

Chutiye log chutiyo ke pichhe hi bhagte h

Without asking somebody why would you take a selfie? Have some decency...

salman was too much. Also the girl begging him should stop doing this. After all he and sanjay dutt are criminals.

Kon h ye fans log jo in chutiyo actors k sath selfie lena chahte h

Hey friend, is this a god….who is dying just for the sake of selfie…he is a human being…he is also a drug addict…why? You are very hot for us… do you have any self respect or are you not there…
stop the dog's behavior
If you hit someone like this in the next group, this will be the reaction.
Who the fuck cares about the actors and actors, . They are just the employees like everyone else,

KAREENA KAPOOR COULD NEVER DANCE....THESE INDIAN ACTRESSES I HAVE NO REGARD FOR....JUST LIKE ANY OTHER HUMAN !

Public should ignore these so that they say like sir, I have come in Kareena Kapoor movies, public be like:: haa haa jaa dekha hai humne ne longe selfie aur autograph  I will look at celebrities, I will not feel long about this log public, I will not feel like a star, I will waste log 2, 4 movies, what are you doing, God understands you.
But some fans also do to much why to to close for selfie. Why want selfie just take photograph.

Chuthiya people worshipping these druggists.

Kareena Kapoor is the most arrogant actress i never saw her behaving kindly to the fans i dont know what she thinks of herself actually this people who beg for selfie only make them believe that they are so valuable and god on the earth

Bro isma itna over dikhana ki koi zarurat nai thi  they are also humans they have there private life.. talking about jhavni and Ileana they just felt uncomfortable so they  just moved a side but did not say no to give a pic and sanjay dutt he was full cover with crowd what do u think his reaction would be.. agar koi bi hota to wohi karta bro pls stop make such  videos and about selfie if they say no just move on from there..

I don&#39;t see attitude just ugly desperate people wanting selfies, leave them alone.

Thumbnail was 
Brother tune video is made ya daily soap
I don't know why people made these dances so important. An IAS. PCS or Army men. Who is serving the country or serving the society. Vo log normal log h. When it should be important. I am walking behind drunken people. छी छी,
West woman  of India she very much gatar

Wrong way to earn money  Who does this fake editing haha?
In chuityo ke peeche kyu pagal hai ye public.

Who are these people, my friend, who always follow us for selfies? They don't have any use, what is the meaning of this?
What did he do to Kareena Kapoor Khan? Who has such red eyes? What a scoundrel!
Only the people gave them respect and popularity showing this proudly  attitude is totally disrespectful towards fans who made them

People are wondering why these people have made dogs their gods?
Nothing else toh aese bol rhi h jese Or kuch bhi milega

Why did this hero start a movie and consider yourself a hero before you saw it btw what is his name?
I don&#39;t like kareena kapoor she has very attitude

I don&#39;t know why people are being so c clingy and treating them  as a god when everyone is an important and valuable person in himself, but the only things that they don&#39;t realize because they haven&#39;t learn the meaning of the life and how once life is important

Let's talk to mom...these people have become rich with our money and are considering us inferior....
Who cares 

I don&#39;t understand why these people are following them. Celebs are also like us and they are also humans so why should they behave like celebs are out of WorldStop behaving like that people and celebs both.

Ppl are crazy with selfe .... it represents a moment of humility

Amazing people..instead of celebrating and taking selfies with loved ones these idiots are running after celebrities intruding the latter&#39;s personal space..they are awesome Indians

There&#39;s nothing wrong they have right to refuse selfie if there mood is not good 

She did the right thing. Indian public hi C*<b>*</b> hai. Public ko koi self respect hai bhi ke nahi ????

Saif Ali Khan has right to deny the selfie but stare at that boy, unacceptable.

I must be very fortunate I got to take photos with Shakti Kapoor ji, Govinda ji and Gurdeep Gughi ji when they came to England 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 to shoot the film called Naughty @ 40.   Thank you gentlemen so much and GOD bless you with good health, wealth and happiness especially I remember when Shakti ji pat me on the back and said &quot;God bless you&quot;  

The most stupid person in the world is the person who has clicked a photo with a Bollywood person. No one has clicked a photo but has clicked it to bring happiness on the face of a stranger.
That girl begging for one picture...haha acha hua nhi mili..
What

These people are showing great trouble...
Ooooohhhhhhhhh.....dhum tana naa na raira rairaa dhin....dhum tana tanaa raira rairaa dhin...
Love towards your stars is one thing and irritating them going to an another level is a different thing. Don&#39;t you guys think that ?? It&#39;s not an award show or something where they are standing to give you guys selfies. Can&#39;t you see, these people are genuinely irritating them. Going very personal and at the end they say these stars never give us the so called bhav.  Please stop putting the other in trouble 

And spread it on your head  Take selfies with your family... If you don't know how to dance then run behind people 
0.05 watched this clip in slayy point.

Kaise kaise chutiye log hai re saale Self respect vgera hai bhi ya sell khate
They will also be made to suffer by doing all this.
Itna attitude tabhi successful nhi ho payi Karisma Kapoor mam tra vaise sis bhi or blood bhi same hai but difference dekho.

I was not angry with Karina…but that mad man was angry….like he achieved a lot by taking a selfie with Karina.
they’re humans let em live in peace too. nothing wrong with denying for a selfie and asking for personal space and privacy.

stop asking for selfies .

it depends on her own mood she is also a human being like us if she is drunk then how can you even say that she showed you attitude she is the best 

Why foolish midea running after chudel kareena

when girl is asking one picture such a stupid attitude its going to take them no where idiots

Be a fans of those actors who has respect and kindness for their fans... not this of celebrity....I guess they just a HEART LESS HUMANS who just shows attitude s

these bollywood ppl are just showoff

 seriously people&#39;s are really mad I mean why they are even liking them after seeing there attitude and behaviour...Tbh I don&#39;t like even a single actor why should I them huh? And why they are showing attitude bcz of us they are famous why should we run back of them like a dog every human are equal jst bcz they are coming on tv shouldn&#39;t matter...they should be respectful there funs bcz of us there in this position 

Why do humans forget that they too are human beings, there is some God who waits to take selfie with them, if this is the way log in does not wait to meet celebrities then everyone's pride in themselves will be shattered.
What picture has Asian pregnancy taken?
Some of them clearly aren&#39;t at fault

I hate Bollywood
Take a selfie of your parents
He has a private life, why do you worry, respect your parents.
Shi v h to yrr... Kyu marte ho selfie lene k liye

Karina did not do anything to give birth to tumor.
I hate those people who don't see their own self-respect... Because of me, I like these movies.. If I don't see, what is the reason... Inlog... I don't like public.. Why I log in? piche pdna
Actresses ko public pgl kar dete ho ek selfie ke liye Mar jaate ho  god thodi na wo unko bhi Shanti se jeeno do

They have the right to refuse selfies…. They’re regular people like we are

People have their own lives.. own set of problems.. wtf people just invade their personal space.. and yes stop following them like dogs

This is not star this is loser

Wht did Kareena said

Think if some body taking selfie with your  sister

Oh god
Log Chu.tiy.a Hai
@<a href="">5:40</a> is that Salman?

Why do people go crazy in this world? I am a normal person in this world but no one in front of me has ever asked me to spit on them.
Abey chhod na be chuu

The wife is saying, where did you take the photo? Brother, you took it.
The name of this video should be there so that the public is troubled by which actors.
leave them alone ffs and why is this recommended to me.

Yes, my life is so painful to look at, it is so painful 
She did the right thing, these are nit fans but pure losers who are good for nothing, she needs her space asshole , give her space cant u see , she is.not feeling good

Are lavde pe maro na inko
Stop seeing their movies khud line pay aa jayengay

They have their lives and situations.

They treat you like shit but they forgot that they are because you put them there... You gave them the money to show that arrogance... Time to show them their position... Stop following them.. They will run after you

Wrost attitude women in b town

You guys also have privacy so you can't behave the same way at that time.
Abbe, you are shouting so much that you are Kareena Kareena Kareena Kareena....what are you begging for....stop petitioning these people..
Give them their personal space ye kutte ki tarah piche piche bhag rahe ho

Log hi bevkuf h Jo in logo ko itni importance de rkhi h ager deni hi h to humare desh ke doctors logo ko do vhk h real hero&#39;s yeah sab log to faltu h sale I don&#39;t like it

He is also a human being, friend, if he fulfills the wishes of all the people then he himself will go crazy.
Sitting home and download how many pictures of whichever person you want

One thing, they will be in a lot of pressure. They can&#39;t drink, can&#39;t have a boy/girlfriend. No private life. And we constantly pound them with looks and judge their lifestyle. What will happen if someone always watches you daily at the corner of the road, you will go to the police station. They can&#39;t even go to the police about paparazzi encroaching on their lifes.  leave them alone.

Why to give so much importance to these charazes actors, Instead go and salute army jawans who guard our border

Mujhe ese insan pasand hi hani ese insano ko log q piyar dete he ye log public se itne amir or femas he ye log bhul jane he mujhe Bollywood me se ko pasand hi nahi.

Pagal Arrey maha pagal hai... Log.. They are begging for selfi with these actor.. Seriously...

These big celebrities do not give a feeling, yet we go to meet them or use the feeling they have given to this world, no one has supported it, the society has liked it.
Why do you care about this champion?
Yr hr insaan hr time  photo kichwane ke mood me nhi hota.Give them there personal space.

Ridiculous behaviour, so called stars.. lol

I don&#39;t know why people follow Bollywood actors they dont have feelings for their fan learn something from south actor&#39;s

Then y do u people go for this rude and don&#39;t respect there own fans who made them hero or heroine once leave them and go watch our puneeth Rajkumar they made audience as god and now we made them god

If anyone hits my phone, I will get angry and will not come here.
It feels so bad to addicts
What&#39;s all this dramatic music  can&#39;t we just respect someone&#39;s privacy

Public is mad damn actors

You should not insult such ordinary people like this, you like these people have come forward to the actress in a dog..you have beaten or insulted all the actresses as we have done to such normal people.
Duffer log hain jo acting karne walo ke piche bhagte hain

Boycott bollywood druggiwood 

Don&#39;t we think we&#39;re a little too much she must be having a hard day and just coming up to her must get her irritated, just cuz she&#39;s a public figure don&#39;t man they don&#39;t have feelings, come on pple grow up

Look at these crazy people, they are taking photos with drug addicts. When that person doesn't even show emotion. Our real hero is the one who protects the country.
inke sath selfie lene ka keeda kisme hai bhai????i am staying in Mumbai and seen lot of stars but i never ever run for selfie, autograph and neither i run just to see them... they are normal human being, Infact real me to kuch jyada hi danger dikte hai.. kyuki makeup ni lagaya hota hai

MAMAM MEDIAS &amp; their SYCOPHANTIC photographers .

Ppl are so stupid and has no self respect.. Why the hell should ppl give importance to these low life bollywood actors.. They are making money and hve fame is bcoz of the public or else nobody give a rats ass to these ppl... But public don&#39;t understand that. The public has the power to give them fame or not. I have come across tons of timea with big name celebrities at the airports or in the flight or at shopping mall in London or Dubai. Ppl run to them for selfies as if they are some God. I hve never ever gone or will give them importance. They are nthg but joke. For me they are of no worth.. I guess ppl hve lost their self respect... If really ppl wanna give respect and take selfies go for the real heros who have contributed towards the country like scientists and all military men and women they are the real heros who risk their lives for the country they should be applauded and given more respect without any fame or money they stand against enemy lines to secure us not these good for nthg bollywood. I hve taken many selfies with these heros who deserve real stardom.. Long live India and the real heros.. THE JAWANS.

<a href="">4:07</a> Salman Khan partSomeone has induced sound in itThis video is editedFake Media kuch bhi dikhati hai salman did not say anything at all

Drinking n fucking

this is why india is lagging

Don&#39;t know Why I hate these normal actors..now days no one is watching them..

All the actor actresses r attitude and 
Of u out n about or coming to n from restaurants or wherever.  Have to expect getting pic taken! Than don’t have an attitude! Unless put a paper bag over your head lol  BUT photographers are too much also.  All up in their faces with cameras begging and jumping around into their faces like that too!    Learn from Hollywood paparazzi they can’t or don’t do those things!!!!

Bollywood de NASHEDI 
Omg how Saif is talking ,  I use  to like him but now yakk

Friend, you don't know who is in what condition.. what problem he is going through..or if someone spits on his face then he will get angry...
Nepo star kid like Kareena.  Boycott this biotch

These Indian fabs have no self dignity!!

You waisted a lot of time by showing this video

Desert these Bollywood fucks tum log kimat dete ho isiliye sar pe baith gaye hain

The baddd Sean was when the girl was waiting for salman khan for 5 hours

Dont give so much respect to these actor actress,they are earning from Ur hard earned money

Fans and media should respect the personal space of a celebrity.. Just because you are a fan doesnt mean you have bought the celebrity.. She was totally right in doing so.

Well, the people are crazy. Most are driven by emotions.

I think she say you son of a bitch watch properly 

Salman khan to sabse hankara hoa actor he

If you trouble your dad, he will get angry.
This cheap and fake people also need bodyguard.

Chu

It is not always possible to react politely every time in every situation.. It becomes dismal sometimes according to situation... Speculate urself in their place

Thumbnail just mind blowing editing..
Let&#39;s ignoring them

<a href="">4:45</a> bolte raho bolte raho ...Lol 
IT&#39;S OUR FAULT. Celebrities ko sar par chada ke rakha hai ham sab Log ne.If we all stop being excited and stop treating them as God&#39;s then their high head would fall down. Idiots have no value for fans.

One day i wish to become like jrd Tata and treat them what he did to Dilip Kumar..i wish you all for the same.. Amen

It&#39;s ok if they refuse to take selfie please be mature and trying to understand their situation also .

so call unresoectful starss wont respect the fanss.. And the same stupid fans still doing the same with them..‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️Plzz grow up lah guyss
Ky faltu video bnate rhete ho, zabardasti khud actors ko pareshan krte ho or vo kuch bolde to yha rona shuru

If someone is actually drunk then how can behave properly, I don&#39;t understand 

See you must ask promision to take someone photo. What if you&#39;re at his or her place? Will you act nothing or does it same as them.

These actors are the ones who are fooled in every video.
Its not the fault of Actors  who act in films and sports , and are the so called celebrities .... arey bhai please let them work hard for us ...let them struggle with shooting and entertain us , public should  considered themselves higher than these stupid celebrities because we pay they work.....aaram se betho aur inki films dekho , ... they are only humans not God&#39;s 

Httt do thank log
These celebs are not the god ,,,be the hero of your self,,,,,and there is something name self respect,,,,your self respect is more important for you than selfie ,,,,,inko koi bhaav hi mat do ,,,,mujhe to bohot khuhi hoti he jab inko koi bhaav nahi deta 

How much can these shameless media people irritate you? Everyone will get angry..
Fans like me
In logo ko inke fans ka support hi yaha tk pahuchata hae aur ye logo ka behavior inhi k sath thik nhi hota stop to worship them like a God.

Kaay sarkhe gheraiche
Àale mothe photo ghenare

Latha marunnhakunnmhaklabtya public la

Kaaay murkh pana tyna tyanche life jagu dya sarkhe kay
Actor r meant to entertain the public y people should take selfie with them.

Har waqt app photo lene ke mood me hote ho? Gor se sochna bus ans mil jayega

Those who have become stars with their money have a dry attitude.
Fans are enjoying it. What does it mean to forcibly take a photo with a celebrity? The work of giving more importance to celebrity than it has become public. Live your life, you live yours.
Just leave tham alone man!!

Paparazzi! Leave them alone

Waste material of bollywood

# BOYCOTT BOLLYWOOD # JUSTICE FOR SSR

Thik bolte hai ki iss desh ki janta bewakoof hai .Abhi bhi inn Bollywood walon ko apna favourite actor mante hai

What should these people show when they show some garbage in the media before boycotting these places?
Charsi

Every one talking how cold blooded Kareena is , but just imagine u in her position. You don&#39;t have any privacy, people clicking your pictures without your <a href="">permission.how</a> will u feel?!!

If they don&#39;t want so ignore them

I am agree with Sanjay sir because they all are surrounded him like nothing

Why do you see so much of it among the ignorant people?
Taking such selfies is not ethical. They have their personal space that must not be violated. Think if we were in there place with millions of fans around n we are in our own thoughts n someone shows up to take a selfie like that. We will also react in our own way

Who is this girl who has to take the key with her?
They get paid to make movies and we pay to watch those movies for our entertainment. It&#39;s a complete transaction. Nobody is entitled to selfies with them just because you paid to watch their movies. You didn&#39;t do it for them, you did it for your own entertainment.

Good

Chutiyapa..!!

These re also human beings only....i don&#39;t understand why ... people treat them like a god ......!!!

She doesn&#39;t owe him anything ..

Or watch his movies
These are the guys who are crazy about doggy stuff and run after the actors.
Why should I take a selfie with a dog? I don't know for what reason why I don't know why I don't wear makeup.
I guess people don&#39;t care about the feelings of the celebrity, they just care about their selfie which they want to show-off to other people

I feel they should have privacy....like man if she is drunk...then she might want to home ...not cheer with fans...pls stop being ridiculous

These drunken Ganjediyon should not feel anything...
We don’t understand the meaning of ‘space’

she is hiding her face

WTF she need some privacy. They are not paparazzi but papi bazaar

Most of all actors in Hollywood are good. They know hw to behave with fans especially ️JHONNY DEPP️

It&#39;s people&#39;s fault not the actors they so pushy

Celebrity&#39;s hein koyi bhagwan nhibehavior toh dekho in logo ki.

I don't understand that what do these people do by taking selfies...what do you have to do to increase your life...for your parents...in whose eyes you rise...why are you from such people. If you eat together then you will want to take a selfie.
Public is stupid and doesn't care.
Chutia actress, why people running behind them dnt understand

See Salman Khan is half mental and very stone heart thts why I dislike him , kuch actors bohot acche the like vo pehle selfie Ni le rahe the par Baad me lebe de rahe the , par kuch ek no. Ke khsrush like Karina , Salman , Saif they all r Muslims and very attitudinal

You  are so fool guys  that you follow  these over attitude  actress

Hum log  inako celebrity  banate hai  are celebrity  banana hai to apane desh k solders  ko banao........   khan jaize haramkoro ko nahi

I hate actor and actress due to their attitude

And the shocking part of this is when they have completed a film they go out there promoting the movie that’s what you call begging the same people they’re treating like shit to spend Theron money to make them rich

Tina attitude kis beat ki public binary yah star nahi banpati
There humans not gods or roolers pls understand

Hey brother, why don't you buy it? 200 rs tkt deke movie dekh k.
Who cares so much about someone, what do they care about, what is their life, what is their mood, why do they start taking selfies?
She doesn’t even look drunk

Why photoshop her eyes red on the thumbnail? Her eyes are not red in the video

Respect their privacy

Jihadi
Bewadi

Haha or delo Bollywood wale chutiyo ko respect

We should teach our children that these people are just actors.  Respect your self respect and their privacy. Dont go crazy after them.They are also humans. Stop begging for a  picture. And let them live their lives too.

Fuck all of Bollywood actress

She&#39;s amazing!!

They are not god,...why people don&#39;t care of their self respect,,,...

Bro... Give some privacy to them....

Are ye fan bn k enko Sr pr chdha lete h public kyu nhi samajhti hum log nhi to enko kutte bhi nhi puchege inki film ko  dekhte h pta nhi kyu en 2 kodi k logo ko famous kr dete h

Why don't you go with such attitude, one day you will reach Kbr.
People need to stop giving these morons more respect than they deserve

I’m with the actors on this one… the so called ‘fans’ were very pushy and out of control. You can’t just assume that the actor is going to take a picture with you and get your phone out and stand next to him. You need consent.

That girl asking for picture with Salman,itnaa time apne maa baap ke respect par kar bekuf aurat,pls pls pls beg you bol kar yeh toh prove kar diya how desperate and hopeless you are shame on shameless fans

What sort of idiots,do paise ke bikhari fans hai,rude behaviour by lafandar fans

Fans are assholes what can she do

Dunking

Drink hai bhai kyu legi selfie

These all are so rude see korean actors these are so kind with their fans

We are the idiots who make them famous despite the fact that they are already nepotistic.

Aaare vai dushron kye life main interference Kyu. Khud ka kuch kar nah ..jaab dekho logo ka piche piche ghum ta rahta he <a href="">#bsdk</a>

Take selfie with your parents. Not with celebs. They in fact wait for your selfies but we don&#39;t care usually.

Bhenchod tuney title hee ajib dala hai Drunk Kareena... Bhosdike jub tu Drunk hota hai or koi anjaan akr chipak jaye tujhe selfie selfie krke to kya feel hota hai!

These people have such attitude towards the money that we have given them, we don't know about anyone.
Kuch log celebs ke wajah se suicide kar lete h kya vo celebs unka ghar chalayege

Have some sense, Invade your neighbour&#39;s privacy and then talk. Making a scene of it as if it&#39;s a sin 

They go around wagging their tails and tongues out..real scum

Why are people obsessed with these celebrities? Live your life and let them live their life .. they don’t have to take selfie’s with. You and you can choose whether to watch their movies or not .. exercise your right to choose!

Education: seek permition for selfie. If the person don&#39;t want to respect that.Wait, Why to take selfi with an unknown guy??Because you are stupid!!

Our  real hero&#39;s is mom and dad

Nonsense video.. not less than a TV serial.

I made a soul out of only people's money, there was no public and there was no star.
Kareena is not pretty at all...

What was the name of the son Taimur, that king who killed many Hindus.
inko zmeen pr hee rhne do sir pr ku bithatee ho

Let her drink ...wt is ur problem? She took money from u ?? Shameless person

Gandu media jate kyon ho fir celeb ki guu chatne

Stupid dumbhead youngsters atleast have some damnn self respect.

Hate these all



Don&#39;t forget that this is our india

Youth jaago they are only actors not superheroes ,they are fake actors only , don&#39;t give a shit about them.

Chutiya log
Actress people are not gods like us, they are like human beings, I have learned that why don't they click selfies, why do they wear makeup on their face on TV, they edit their faces with camera , what a wrong thing to say, extremely sorry.
U need to respect their space u can&#39;t just come and take photo they don&#39;t feel comfortable that is it

Fake celebs with big ass fake attitude

If we have to respect the soldiers who are on the border then what will happen if we respect themEdit. :Thanks for  100 likes
If there was Ronaldo Ronaldo be like: just chill bro let&#39;s take a selfie 

Ye log itna attitude kyo dikha rahe hai ye public ki  vajese hi hai

Abe in chutaro k saath kyu chwaa hai ?? Selfie??
Brother, will anyone's mind go astray if people keep asking for photos again and again, just watch the movie and enjoy, why do people run away, they are not from this different world.
The fault in Gutterwood does not belong to anyone. Taras has come upon a person who even today these actors consider as the hero of their life, their God.
Get lost u Bollywood actress and actors 
These people are ruining our lives, why are you asking them?
Bolti he sir pls pls pls pls salman ek pic pls pls, pagal sali tere ma bap ke sath photo khichva vo asirvad dege

Ye log koi bade nahi he Selfish le na he to Indian army se lo

Being beautiful is a lesson this world is always teaching which is a wrong thing all the time.
The world is devoted to beautiful people. Beauty fades away after youth. What importance should we give to it? May God save everyone from the attraction of beauty.
Respect their space and ask for the selfie first instead considering them as public property and then complaining about it. They are humans too They get crowded and harrassed at times too..They are looking out for themselves mostly. I hope we all understand this and not belittle anybody like that ️

Inke fan nhi honge fir inki film dekhega b kon hum inko banante h super star fir inko ata ghmnd paisa dekh k foolish poor bloolywood Actor and actress

Do fan fest bring them as a ticket of thousands simple .1 cr people 1000 ripee it 1000cr just in a year

Spend 1 day... 30lakh per hour charge...

20 lakhs for dinner
It would be nice if you take 10 lakh rupees and take one selfie...at the end of 1 year you can make 1000 rupees per selfie...
Mtlab kuch bhi yeh koi serial kya jo dush dush dush diya hai
How many falls have people fallen?
I like that attitude

Saif did right
BC!! Who asked to click the pictures, no one is interested in there lives

Mccc bccc photographers..abhi kuch or kar yeh kya karra hai fuck up ..

Start making your status
inki to movie n dekh
South acters are sososo best

The people rising up them !but when they got the position they forgot everything!!!

it is necessary to refuse
By doing this you irritate the space and create FHR sensation.
They may have a lot of problems to deal with. could be a bad day, or busy with something sensitive. You don&#39;t shove the phone up there first, you ask for permission first, dumb fan got the order wrong when he was busy trampling all over her privacy.

<a href="">3:35</a> girl is so good whats her name she also allowed for selfie.

When you want a selfish you beef to ask consent. They are also humans

Whos the one with her in start in black nd red outfit ??? Shes prettier than kareena

celebrites also feel tired and try to be good to you but not always you can stick at one thing. respect them bruh

I understand some were being disrespectful like Salman but celebs need privacy to their humans too

They are also human beings they are not puppets.

People also should not behave like this, everyone's life is privacy and personal life.
But  sushant aise nhi the

This generation actors &amp; actresses have become completely worst.Because they are depressed with the lifestyle, some are drunk, some are obese, some are complaining in nature. That is not the way to live. They need to deal with all matters. How come all actor like dharmendra, big b, sunny deol, Bobby Deol etc are living and leading this way of lifestyle. Whatabout others? So i would recommend that an actor should be loving, caring, sharing, friendly, respectful, bravery and also they should have a physical routine which will really help them in their future.

She just didn’t look she is a human too

If any actor comes in front of me then I will watch Akshay Kumar or Sonu Sood for 60d.
Had I got it, I don't know how crazy people go for selfies that they don't even care about their own lives, man, he is not God.
Bevkuf logo ki kami nhi hai yehan inke peche marte hain

In sab chutyioo ke film dskhna sab log baand kar da to bheek he manga  ga, kui ke they r educated not very well qualified.

Public is bunch of chutiyas

These publics are mental patients

This vid is caption by the lifeless lonely person ,who just can&#39;t accept the fact they are human and not a show peice for him ,he didn&#39;t buy them

You are a dog, these people are taking so many selfies, how insecure they are making you feel, you are behaving like you are taking selfies, Bollywood film actors or actresses are not your private property, a regular reporter is guarding the bank, which Tara watches movies in the theater, just like in real life, see inside, cute log
These “journalists” harass them , invade their personal space, ask them inappropriate questions and call them rude 

Really true

Guuh khane wale fans...
Dear paparazzi you should analyse first before quoting any caption, it&#39;s a bloody selfish act to gain views and gain maximum audience engagement, you it not her it&#39;s you who&#39;s selfish and it happens because artists don&#39;t rebel for what media platforms write about them so you should feel lucky and thankful that they take everything inside of them so that you people can earn, n un logo ki izzat karna seekhon pehle wo jinse tumhare dhande chalte hai and dusre wo jinke kaam tumhare ghar kaa ration bharte hai, inse hee tumhare Ghar chalte hai or inhi ko defame kia jata h, ofcourse fan k point of view se it&#39;s rude but for them it&#39;s normal cuz they get same situation everywhere they go, but they have to look after themselves too n other things around.

This is how media platforms ruin the image of an artist, comon guys you have to understand they too are humans like us, I&#39;m not all a fan of kareena kapoor but this is awful paparazzi make stories on their actions according to what they think would be better for their channel, Despite of these people have all the luxury still they can&#39;t enjoy to the fullest as they have to think about paparazzi and how are they gonna portray the image in front of audience, secondly she&#39;s a female so she has all the fuking right to maintain safe distance doesnt matter if he or she is a die hard fan or living legend fan, bullshit i pity on them sometimes, Just think if that happens to you where you were trying to safe yourself from intruders but next thing you hear about you is awful that you were being flirting with intruder and you wanted to touch him so you&#39;ve pushed him back and this proves you are a nymphomaniac, so this way you cannot even protect yourself cuz if you do so or if you push back will lead to your character assassination.

Brother, please wait, I will not wait for you.
They are not god so pls don&#39;t over rect ager hm enhy bhav dena chor de to enky sare ego one sec m chli jayegi love yourself not tham are real heros only Dr and army not they apni bhi self respect hoty h 

Obviously they&#39;ll get mad if you all keep on poking your nose in their personal life 

I used to work at a coffee shop in UAE Katrina kaif came there she was very down to earth. She don&#39;t think herself too high up

I think kareena was tired But what happened to Saif 

Leave a start, any body who is drunk needs a space to sober down. It shows how much you truly respect na star or a person, that you just need your selfie and not understand the importance of space.

These people have become stars because of the faces of these people and they also ignore them. Bho,,,,, these are the stars of the south who treat everyone with love and make movies as well.
All these people on public platform look like God but in real life they are not even human.
Trying to taking a picture with anyone without their permission is not cool. Why would they be ok with it... Ask them... Then take out your phone they may give you a picture... They are not always in a mood.  They are just actors... Not god.. your life is not going to get better by taking a picture with them ... They won&#39;t even remember who you are when you have invested so much time and energy in a picture.

Tmc bc wali

Sale video graph legend logo
These actors are also being made by us otherwise we will not be able to become them.
Isme kya attitude hai bhai? Sara time unke aage piche, wo log b irritate ho jate hnge, or khaaskar nashe me to pta b ni hga unhe b But saif ka to seriously haddd hai par  gadhe bhi humlog hi hai na, humlog hi dekhte hai paise fook ke inheAnd sanju baba ko to aise ghera hai unko saans hi na aaye chahe

A man who takes away everything will make him a man.
Ek din jarur aisa aayega jab in celebrities ke Saath koi selfie  nahi lega because people would understand by then that they are just human beings like us.

These people are not Gods who should be respected. Whatever these people are today, we are from the public.
Why people give important to such cheap celebrities take selfee yourself not with other I never want to take selfee with stars. Everyone is good n beautiful in their own look

Nothing seemed wrong to me. Now they will also feel irritated. Or these channels also upload something to earn money.
They are just tired and they also have there own privacy we always go there to take pictures just for becoming famous from actors , they are have there privacy respect them ,  and yeah we all are incomplete from it actors are incomplete from there fans and fans are incomplete by there idols (actor) that&#39;s it respect them also they also have there privacy ..

It is better not to bother about these bitches, but Indian media is worse than a dog. Shame, shame.
Itni beizzati krwa kr picture v mile to kiss kaam ki mujhe kbhi nii chiye selfie in stars se I click my selfie with my parents and love one&#39;s

Why take a selfie with Lowri 
Yes, he is a human being, everyone is worried about doing things like that... So, if you give him sans toh, then he will be worried about the house and the movie, and you will keep asking for selfies at the same time.. Jai Sanjai, I saw that you started shaking this poor thing, but I don't care.
People need to respect their privacy and space also.. And not go crazy after themm. They too have their space

kareena &amp; saif ko bahut attitude hai.

You are interested in what is being shown below.
I don&#39;t understand kya milega pics nikal k aise, face book, insta mein 50 like se 100 likes hojayega that&#39;s it.No body these days literally care if it&#39;s kareena or anjelina jollie

I agree that she is drunk but she didn&#39;t said anything to the fan

Drink kr liya toh kya ho gyaIndian media hi gnd heActor he toh kya drink nhi kr skte unki b kush personal life he hmara media toh itna iritate kr deta hi ki j actors ko b apne kaam ke liye sochna pdta hoga ki je krna chahiye tha ja nhi Chill guys they can drink, hangout, can show attitude as they are humans too like usBaaki kaam sbhi ka apne apna hSo enjoy their pictures and let them enjoy their lives tooDont make yourself ancient people

Bc itna attitude 
Janhavi has got her mother&#39;s persona, the timid kind. looks very humble and looks good with Ishan

lucky that u didn&#39;t have to deal with Jaya Ji

what? she can&#39;t have her own chill time, her own mood, her bad day??? she was greaceful enough, people irritate them till the last limit

Actually I feel sorry for the actors here. That&#39;s a heavy price to pay for their celebrity status. Constantly being hounded by people.

Madrchod bollywood actress hai sla ???
Nowadays, this is the condition of Bollywood, these people are acting like this, it is not possible for a human being to like this, this attitude of a person like this has not happened, this bitch has started disrespecting you very much, the day this public has made you watch these bad movies. Today we will understand the power of the public, but the old public does not understand why they have given such importance to themselves, they have seen such attitude from us before, otherwise they would have underestimated us.
People are going to die for selfies..
They need their space….. why does the media make a big deal about them being frustrated while the media falls on them like rain…. We r all humans and need to respect each others privacy. Nothing wrong with them being rude….. give them a breather.

We love Modi
Sanjay Dutt didn&#39;t do wrong. The people crowded him like morons so that is what he could do and Salma khan is no more the big bhai character rest all did their acts on purpose in attitude

<a href="">5:28</a> he did nothing wrong

South actors so gud ,yeh Bollywood wale zyada natak kartey hai

What’s wrong with these ppl, going behind n torturing celebs, invasion of privacy!

Even celebrities need their space and privacy. This sort of behaviour of stepping into personal space isn&#39;t acceptable. If the actors feel like they will come up to the public, the public needn&#39;t force themselves on the celebrities. If one gets to see them in shows and movies, that&#39;s enough.

Who needs them. Stop watching shit Bollywood

I don&#39;t known y this public is going so crazy behind them they are simple humans who earn from our money. It&#39;s because of us they are so arrogant once we stop watching them they are disappeared.

She didnot say anything however instead of ignoring it would be better to seek excuse for being in a rush. Treating someone like shit who might treat your film like shittiest thereby costing you ur life.Not wise at all!!

No these guys take things too far... They encroach their private space

I&#39;m not her supporter or anything but she&#39;s a human too. Why can&#39;t fans and media respect celebrity&#39;s privacy. Like imagine coming out of your house and facing hundreds of flashlights and people. And she can&#39;t be happy every single time. If someone&#39;s not in the mood that doesn&#39;t mean they&#39;re rude. These youtube channels are just too much. Don&#39;t believe such clickbaits and overdramatic videos. Because you&#39;re not in that situation

Youths are really being deceived The so called stars are just acting and making money

Don&#39;t give that much importance to these people they are not fit to be called as hero and heroines   their real and reel life is completed different

All this Arrogant janvhi was the only actress was down to earth

Kareena Kapoor always Arrogant nothing new

In India why the actors or actresses are treated like a god They are just hero or heroine only in films not in real lifeSo worship the real heros.

What did you say mam nai
That eyes 

W

What’s a simple selfie .. you dimwits ., get a life

Ignore these useless stars if needed take a selfie with u r parents

Aunty ji daru pee ke pagla gayee ha
Editing 
Why do you guys go like dogs?
Every time I will not feel like taking myself.
Why we give priority to Bollywood actors and actresses ...woh kuch bhi  Kara na Kara ...hamara life ma koi change nhi aana Wala Show some valuable things

These media people also reach anywhere.
Walking super slow just to control nashaa

Really feel sad for them they forget that we only made them wt they r today... 

Bollywood is dirty
And they are human beings too who need some personal space. They cannot pose for you every time.Imagine you in their place, you as a female celebrity and some random stranger guy comes close to you and takes your picture. Obviously will be afraid and scared. And also you cannot hit the person, as a celebrity paparazzi will ruin your reputation.So atleast you can say no.And people say that you are showing attitude on being a celebrity. Wow! Superb. 

They are human beings too. Admit that they might be rude to people but imagine that you are coming out of restaurant at family and suddenly many people come and take your selfie without your consent, how will you feel? And this happens many many times with celebrities since they are famous. But they also wamt to live life like normal people, have some comfortable space for themselves.So this should also be considered.And you cannot ignore the fact how annoying media and paparazzi is in India.Everyone have their rights so does actors. And I hate them equally as you guys do. I despise Karan Johar and other nepotism promoting people.But bro they also need some space.YOU CANNOT EXPECT THEM TO BE POSE FOR YOU EVERY TIME. Maybe they have some issues or problems. If they don’t agree to pose, simply ignore and walk away.

They are totally useless iconic personality

Yrr...just think about it ...when u r not feeling .... But others were clicking ur photo

We are fool because we make them stars and this is how they behave with us. Aur pagal ban jao celebrities ke liye...aur baad mein rote baitho

Public is stupid ..media is like beggars.....mam man karena mam...maaaaam...
1000 selfies with smile and 1 mistake and now they have attitude but they don&#39;t have anything like privacy .

Ya we troll them on social media , and take selfies infront of them and don&#39;t respect there privacy . And some people are comparing them to Korean clebs let me tell you no celeb can stop in middle to take selfies not Korean not Indian or any forener just the difference is that Indians  say that they have attitude we have made them and all but fans of kpop will say that let them have there privacy .

It has two sides I know that they shouldn&#39;t show attitude but place yourself in there place . No one ask for there consent before taking pics I mean consent is also something and always cameras I mean you can understand , they are also humans.

Unki bhi kuch personal life hai. I think they should give them some privacy

What was Sanju supposed to do there, ab tumko 10 log aake chipkenge toh tum bhi yehi karoge, baat ka batangad banate ho, views ke liye khud ko bech diya hain tum logo ne (channel)

ye public log na kuch jada ho attention de dete hai in faltu actor and actress ko. jeise koi insan nhi bhagwan ho eise eise actor aur actress pe to mei thukne v na jau. ye log hum public log thuk ke v layak nhi h.

Itna bhau agar scientist aur army logo ko dikhate to desh ka naam barj jata wesebhi yeh kabar industry hain

Self respect is not just a word guys.

I think it&#39;s actually the public&#39;s fault... They should give some space

Real Hero is Army, Navy, Air Force, Police officers

Bro. They’re humans too, not demigods.Tum logo ko accha lagega agar bahaar nikalte hi public apna phone tumhare muu mein ghusarr de?

Slayy point 
I would behave like this for a selfie if it was Bhagat Singh or If there were army officials.. I mean take pictures with true hero’s unlike these.

Stop giving them so much importance.

Today he is famous because of our face in the entire country of India.
Sala koi meri baju me bhi aake bethe to bat na karu ese logo ke autograph lene jate ho 

Let them live their life n personal space alone. Why do ppl bug them like this. By getting tht one selfie what could change??

3rd grade cheap actress showing off attitude..lucky that she was not slapped back..

They have there own problems they are also humans so they have emotions so its not attitude it was their pain

Seriously guys - i wonder why do people feel so interested in taking pictures with such arrogant actresses? i mean even if i get a million dollar to pose with them i wouldn&#39;t - Indians need to understand that you are the ones making them stars and then this is what you get in return - badlo india walo - they do not deserve such respect - your self respect is much important than running behind these 2 kori ke actresses

Bro public is also rowdy ... they cannot click pics 24x7

Unki bhi personal life h yr space to sabko chahiye hota h itna react kyun krte hn hum
Music?

Why did he take photos with me?
She really seems to be rude

Stupid people...leave them alone....they are also Human beings

What is this, even the people who eat Btmish are angry, they treat them as if they are Gods.
Fucking media does not have any other work!

Don&#39;t give them so much importance just ignore them the way they do with people if u guys realy want selfie do it with our army police doctors they r real heroes

Who is that desperate girl to Salman“sir please please please sir please” 

Celebrities behaving like asses. Without fans they would be nowhere.

Don’t never ever show shoff you should know you were also an loser

It is not our fault that we have kept the head of the person here, if you love someone more than the head then this is what will happen 
You should travel by putting yourself in Inlog's cage.


Celebrity Accha krte hai inki beizzati krke.aur sir sir please please kro.

IS THIS THING CALLED KAREENA SOMETHING GREAT THAT PPL NEED TO TAKE SELFIE?? TAKE SELFIE WITH YOUR FAMILY OR FRENDS. THATS MORE FUN YA

If it&#39;s a Big shot she would have kneeling down

Peace be upon you
Why u r begging them for a photo we must avoid them

They are acting for only money mad people didn&#39;t understand this don&#39;t call cine actress as mam

Media also keeps reading
so what... she has a right... yall out here asking every famous person for a selfie please get a life.

I am not supporting those fans who are annoying these celebrities️

This is like the typical Indian serial effect of repeating the same scene 5 times with flashes and stuffs 

This actress has lost her mind, is she a fairy, are all the people in vain talking like this to make senseless women, she earns money by showing her body, she is more popular than the women who do this business, she is the glory of someone's beauty. I don't even feel proud about myself, I don't even feel proud about such an actor or actress, whether it is a saif aadhi woman or a characterless gentleman or a naked lady or the rest of the shameless actresses, I hate all the actors in the name of shameless insanity, these are all the actors, thhu thhu thhu thhu
I don&#39;t blame them. Imagine you are going out of your house for some reason. Suddenly people jump out of everywhere taking selfie with you and everyday...how would you feel?

Comon idiots leave them alone.

sanju baba shi kia q k bandy zaeta over ho rhy thy
How rude 
She has the right to deny selfie ,the fans and the media are sick people they needed to be beaten to the core

Indian fans are such mannerless and illiterate can&#39;t even respect the privacy of a particular person , she&#39;s a human being for god sake shes looks sick and instead  of sympathising her people are criticizing her for no reason

Public chutiya hai bc 

Stop making it dramatic  and  Spreding hate  against them

Why don't you smjh me and log film star main apna ideal?
Kareena bohoth thak gayi thi or pk bhi rakhi thi, thoda sense tho banta hai ki usne aisa bharthaav kyun kiya....

You yourself have ruined your intellect by making useless movies..!!
Sare generation Personal life IQ flat Kar Diya..kya tatti film banate hai.. Family ke sath to choro akela dekhne wale erotica hi bante hai..!!

Lol heroin,lol hero
They have life problems... Its not easy to become an actress/actor.Media think kareena is living her life happily but its actually not... Every humans have problems with their life and they get mad when you approach them..

Don&#39;t show ur fucking attitude to ur fans.... Today u r grown because of that fans only

It&#39;s Actress wish ,she would be tired taking selfie. It&#39;s not  compulsory to take selfie with everyone

India eight ki editing 
Such hypocrites they are 

Pulic lok khud ka insult krke q lete h ..inka photo leke

No one can beat Selena Gomez behavior with her fans........ I like only her 

They are so rude out old actors were good . If we talk about k pop idol they are so good to fans .

fan army ka bno 
And this photo should be like this.
Media vale ye sab k sab m... C h.. Inki jaisi nasal bani nhi ab tk
It’s nt dere fault..imagine a swarm of people coming so close 2 u

Kya MAM mam mam bewdi log hall
You people why go after this useless stars.they live their life by acting in movie with peoples money as salary .dont worship them like god plez?

I don't know what is there in an actor, he has more behavior than a madman, which means that he has run after the actor like a lottery and has taken many lives. I hate actors
Why people big for picture  they&#39;re human like us

What did the ideots say?
I don&#39;t like these

Fulth heroin
Bhai pata nahi kyu in logo ki peeche pagal hai public. Ek baar 150 crore janta inki picture dekhni band karde. Bhai ye log tumare ghar aayenge autograph lene. Disgusting bollywood idiots

I feel so pity for them. No personal life.

Idk why you guys are exaggerating .....she is prolly tired or what .....or maybe just not in the mood .....for a SELFIE if you will ......just so you know these actors do have their tolerance level and its not really nice to invade on anyone personal space

Shame on all . Useless .

Public Ki bhi glti h kuch jagah

I will never for the life of me understand people&#39;s obsession with celebrities. It&#39;s because you treat them like they&#39;re Gods that they end up sitting on your head. They&#39;re worth do kaudi.

Bollywood heroes are slutty, South's heroes are good.
Kareena maam Kareena maam bandh kar do for just 3 freaking public appearances...they will know that they are just common human beings....no self actualisation need...no ego

Come to ours south indian how they give respect for his fans kannada industry

so much attitude bhai

I cant believe Salman did like this, she was waiting since 5 hours for a selfie? thats unbelievable Salman we didnt liked your attitude for that girl. She deserved a selfie with you.

I am clinging myself!
Mere samne s ye log guzren m to dekhun bhi nh in ko.

peoples are fool ,why they give them value,this is too much.

What did you do...I wanted to do things differently..
What kind of attitude is this?
<a href="">0:38</a> Hey mother mother Thanos level insult, this man's entire career has been ruined...Now this thought, what a look it will show to his relatives.....Bichara. ..
Inse toh ache south actrees hai

Friend, keep falling on the stars like a dog... he has not seen the sky, he is also a human being.
<a href="">Dosto.khud.ko.pehchano.ur.best</a>

I understand myself very well, I am a human being, my level has dropped, there is no celebrity in front of me, I am looking only normal.person, because I am the same.
They are only actors not a hero, original hero is army man

Now a days actor are too much

K apni bhejti Karva kar lete ho
Bollywood singers are more humble than actors

I feel really bad for the actors. They are also human like all of us. They need their personal space too. The camera people stalking them all day all night clicking their pictures should completely be banned. There&#39;s no need for showing them off screen because everyone needs their time off their work.

Shame on bollywood

She is called so many times just for one click this the the respect of women in india 🇮🇳 

Why are you talking so much my friend...who is he...we are humans like this, there is no God who is looking in front of us, we are roaming around like this...everyone respects their self..you too are used like this. Hi, why are you doing so little…why are these people drowned in pride, the need of your life and family, then supporting you in happiness and sorrow…then why…why are these hypocrites doing this…these hypocrites are just young people. It helps in breaking the generation..What has happened to this ring, how it has inspired me, then you too should work to make it ring...always remember one thing...the real strength of these proud people lies in us...ours. This is not strength 
Support farmers

Sonu sood is the best

So learn to respect yourself, you people who take selfies have made yourself a dog.
This is the reason why we should boycott bollywood..

You will understand if you are in their shoes. No one will talk about the 1000 selfies they smiled but talk about the one there were in bad mood. Come humans, we all have bad days

In sab heri se achhr to south ke hero hote hai

Chirag Shah.. Harasser abuser,WHO HARASSED me.. Kareena Kapoor Khan,1C criminals, Mohan Jathan with dubious links, Pradeep Cherodian,Deepika,Alia,Geeta, Ashish Cherodian, bribed relatives n NEXUS wretched criminal relatives.....N EVIL AUNTS.. Bribed relatives...  .what a combo Kareena Khan &#39;S KARMA WILL MAKE HER PAY FOR HER MISDEEDS <a href="">#Republic</a> <a href="">#CNN</a> <a href="">#Wion</a><a href="">#SameerWankhede</a><a href="">#NCB</a><a href="">#JUSTICE4SSR</a> 


<a href="">0:05</a> slayy point fans where are you? 
Have you taken a selfie with your parents? God has made them
How are you crying for photos, is there any self respect in people's possession?
How many people have passed by, people are worshiping like this, as if she is a goddess. She is a drunkard, doesn't deserve a penny.
Gangjedi 
Better Boycott Bollywood Justice for SSR



Kareena's thumbnail made me so happy
Next Video: Bollywood Celebrities going to Toilets ‍️
Sabse bade chutiye fans

Uuuuuuuffff India's favorite actresses or favorite actresses, how long has it been before?
There haven&#39;t helped u when u rn in trouble.Ignore them yarr.Useless ppl

Mughe to aaj tk samgh nh aaya ki log celebrity&#39;s ki piche bhagte kyo he ...hadd na ho gai

Is the public crazy? Is that God? Are you going crazy to meet him?
Shushant Singh Rajput was a real hero 

There is no work, you are making bakchodi all day in the studio. By doing something, I become something in life.
They r simple human like us why ppl behave they r doffrent snimals intbe zooo lol

Itna attidute i will never take selfie shameless ppl

Thumbnail 

If I was there I was slapped that girl begging for salman

Fool fans..I am not a fan of any celebrities..

you guys should just shut your channel. they are also humans you idiots and if 150 strangers walk up to you and ask you for a selfie you will start screaming at people.

What she thinking about herself.we are showing the love on herself so only she is celebraties

Hum ne hi in jaise logo ka ser pe chara rkha hai

Background music dekho 

What a little watch time has been given to the actor…the attitude has been shown to us.
What will happen if you force your brother to come so close to you?
Ronaldo is my hero...he patiently wait for his fan️

Big fan big fan   wats tat? Whn u can&#39;t even be your parents fan. Foolish people do nothing abt it,, mc

Selfie saay kaay hojayga
Why this celebrities are so arrogant...... they are nothing without spectators.

Not always about attitude and showoffs, she looks tired and uninterested....some media people makes it look like a big deal, it is a simple human nature.

Our Sandalwood actors are best then Bollywood,  Kollywood,  Tollywood and Hollywood . Because they are Respected and love their Fans . Take to Selfi .I like our Sandalwood all Actors 

They are made . This reason for I don&#39;t like Bollywood actors and actresses .They are really ediyet, nonsense and stupid.  He is not Respected for fans 

I think prople who taking selfies with them dont have selfrespect..acrually they were ignoring that man...shame on u ppl...they were not gods..stop praising them

Jhootha

They think themselves as God what the hell they think themselves as

Simple logic is that these people are loosing their fans and name and fame with their attitude

Honestly, everyone deserves their space. It&#39;s not fair for people to just take a picture. At least ask their permission first. These people probably make the celebs feel like animals in a zoo. It&#39;s all about respect. Respect them and also respect yourself.

Bhain chod bollywood wale janata ka hi khatte hai fr un ko hi ghamand dikhate hai

Please don&#39;t take selfies with these people ... Without audience they are nothing ....they have not done great sacrifice to country

She is looking so tired.

Garbage is more useful then these so called stars. At least garbage can be recycled or used as fertilizer.
