Why ladies getting money when both proceed as equals ?

Its a myth that women need care love affection as a number one priority.. In fact its the men who crave for love care affection . Women want security as their number one priority emotional, social financial security. Men tend to stray when they dont get unconditional love care  respect ,and then they pay a heavy price in form of alimony . Its a wake up call for women who dont know how to tackle their man so that he surrenders to them by will,not by force. Dont expect physical loyalty from your man. Treat it as a bonus . Just give him unconditional love care attention and  see the magic.The man will live and die for the safety security and well bieng of his wife throughout his life . And women please listen if your man is handsome and successful  please expect that other ladies will keep falling for him. If u want to see the rainbow you will have to tolerate the rain. Dont get possessive . Treat him like a king and he will always be yours.

CONGRATULATIONS !!! Our company is working hard day and night to trigger divorce of film celebrities using Artificial Intelligence. We have a team of programmers who are writing code in C/C++/Java to trigger divorce. We congratulate our team that they have successfully carried out this divorce.

Again,why us the pics of SRK abd GAURI here.

Indian law

Why Pawan Kalyan couldn&#39;t add a divorse settlement nd he too has changed to a perpetual groom and three wifes so far Harischandra

make the money in dolar... plaese. thank you so much

The narrator needs to learn proper English

One interesting is for sure all the first wife’s who got divorced and havent found any partner yet like Reena, Payal, Amrita etc. have put on a lot of weight and clearly shows how unhappy they must be  to be used and thrown after their partners found another woman. Sad thing and only thing to flash is how much money they got instead of the trauma they went for being dumped for another woman.It’s Not Always About Alimony for a Woman for sure.

Title should be - &quot;8 cheapest ladies of all time &quot;

Almost all this actors are divorced

Y u ppl want views from srk pictures...plss don&#39;t do this Srk family️

Any working woman who demands alimony is a cheap low life!And its time we change the law!

Why is that divorce are mostly common with India 🇮🇪 if they could stop it is actually going to be a better thing to do   Thanks 

Men have to fit in the society chain to make money, leaches just have to find a host

A man&#39;s loyalty is tested when he is rich and 99% fail.

Looks like bollywood has no morals. Marriage is a joke to them.

Bollywood cinema white+ white lady boys no black man Indian cinema no equality ?(NB Bollywood cinema no equality ?)

May be this is the reason ,selemon bhoi is not getting married. 

The couples we all thought were ideal in eyes of we people were proven to be the worst couples ever. Harsh truth!

8,

Rightnow

I exactly don&#39;t know right now whose divorce most interesting to me sorry I could not tell

Gaury khan. Why did you get so angry with Shahrukh ? Just he kiss toPriyanka ? Oh no. this is not a love kiss. And that&#39;s why you got divorceform him ?  I would know when he is kissing for love or not. You make a mistake. That&#39;s what I want to tell you. Thank you

Why only men have to pay alimony in divorce why not women too?This world is soo selfish, favour for female only.Why don&#39;t male demand dowry from women family then? It&#39;s not wrong tooIf I would in power I will definitely put women to their aukaat because those properties are not her sweat money.

ROSHAN HAVE HIS TWIN SO ARE ALL THE OTHERS MARRIED WITH OR WITHOUT CHILDREN IT WONT LAST BECAUSE HAPPINESS IS ONLY WITH THE DEVINE PARTNER

Good business marra n take divorce.........Shabash  betta

Stop all this nonsense pls

Delete pictures of SRK and Gauri . They didn&#39;t divorced at all  Happily married 

It could be possible that women psst their youth go for divorce so that they will get huge money or alimony.

India ka sabse mahenga divorce hrithik &amp; suzan

Okay so is this is a new profession after medical and engineering

hrithik roshans divorce  amount is most shoccking

These girls are real gold diggers . These female Can&#39;t do anything by own in life and just took away men hardwork money from them 

Saali ladkiya dahej dene ko galat kahti hai or ab saali itne paise le jaati hai pati ke

Dnt put srk pic… he is not lik morons

నువ్వు గొట్టం =యూ ట్యూబ్ &quot; యాంకఱ్ఱలారా.................  మీకసలు బుద్ధి ఉందా ? ఏమిటా విశ్లేషణలు ?                                         విడాకుల సంతకు మీ పనికిమాలిన  పరిశోధనలు అవసరమా ????? ఛీ ఛీ  ఛీ ఛీ ....మీకు (సి)గ్గు (నీ )తి ( మా)నాలు . సినిమా ఒక్కటే తెలుగు ప్రజల శ్వాస నా ?? ఏమనుకుంటున్నారు ?? ఒక పక్కగ్యాస్ 1000  రూ/ మీకు వంద. రూ దొరుకుతుందా ఏమిటీ , ఆన్లైన్ లోను ఫీజు వసూలు చేస్తున్నారని , అద్దెలు కట్ట లేకపోతున్నారని ,తీసుకున్న లోన్లు చెల్లించలేకపోతున్నారని ,రోజుకో పేరు తో  వైరస్ పుణ్యమా అని హాస్పటల్  నుండి  మునిసిపాలిటీ వాడి నుండి కార్పొరేర్షన్ డాక్టర్ నుండి   రోడ్ మీద కానిస్టేబుల్ వరకు  చెడుగుడు  ఆడుతుంటే . కోడలు నెల తప్పితే రాబోయే ఖర్చులు , దారి తప్పుతున్న రౌడీ అల్లుళ్లకు ఎలా తాట తియ్యాలా ?? అని సతమత మంటున్న  ఈ ఆసమ సమాజం లో ..ఇప్పుడు మీరు చర్చిస్తున్న ఆ యువ జంట ..తెలుగు రాష్ట్రాల్లోనే దేశం లోనే విడి పోతున్న అత్యంత  ఆ పవిత్ర మరో చరిత్ర జంట నా ప్రపంచం లో ఈ &quot; విడాకుల సంత &quot; మొట్ట మొదటిదా ??  అత్యంత  నీచ స్థాయి ,దిగజారుడు తనానికి మీరు జారుతూ ,అందరి తరపున మాటాడే ప్రతినిధులా మీరేమైనా ????? ఒకడెనో   శ్యామ్ /సామ్ అని వీడి &quot;కోడలు &quot; చనువు , ఇంకొక్కర్తేమో ..&quot;&quot; వీళ్ళ ప్రేమ నగర్  ను చూసి  మజ్ను ,దేవా దాసు  లయ్యారు అంటాడు .. అరేయ్ మామూలు మనిషిని మీరు గాని . ఆ నటులు గాని చెయ్యలేరా  ?? చాత కాదా ??? అన్నంత అన్నంత  ఈ యాంకర్ర గత్తెలు / యాంకర్ గాళ్ళు 99  %  మంది వీరికున్న నోరును అదుపుచేసుకోలేక  ఎంతటి చవకబారు ప్రశ్నలకు ప్రతీకలవుతున్నారో ఒక్క సారి చూద్దాం ఒక యాంకర్ర గాడు అంటాడు  &quot; రెండు తెలుగు రాస్గ్త్రాల్లో  ఎక్కడ చూసినా  ఇదే చర్చంటా . అదేనండి  విడాకుల సంత , వీరి మాటలు వినేటప్పుఇడు నిజంగా నాకనిపించింది ?? ఎక్కడో&quot;&quot;  ఆ న్యాయ స్థానం లో జరగాల్సిన  ఆ తంతు , ఎవడో రచయితో , దర్శకుడో ,నటుడో ,నటి యో , మధ్యవర్తిత్వం ( బ్రోకరింగ్ ) చేసి ఏదో వాళ్ళు చేసుకుంటారని సుతి మెత్తగా వదిలెయ్యకుండా , ఏదో ఆ ఇద్దరు నటులతో వీళ్ళు అంటే మన   తెగులు  &quot; నువ్వు గొట్టం యాంకఱ్ఱలు ( TeguluYouYubeAnchors ) ఎంత దరిద్రానికి  ఒడి కడుతున్నారంటే .... వారి విశ్లేషణ అంతరార్డగం వారి మాటల్లోనే   పొందుపరుస్తున్నా  అందరికి ఎప్పటికప్పుడు విడిపోయిన  అపవిత్ర జంట లెఫ్ట్ హాండ్ లా ? మీరేమైనా ,ఎందుకర్రా మీ బలవంతపు అవగాహనా సదస్సులు , ?? అలాంటి దారిద్ర సంఘటనల పై మీ దారిద్ర్య విశ్లేషణలు అందరికి ఎప్పటికప్పుడు విడిపోయిన  అపవిత్ర జంట లెఫ్ట్ హాండ్ లా ? మీరేమైనా ,ఎందుకర్రా మీ బలవంతపు అవగాహనా సదస్సులు , ?? అలాంటి దారిద్ర సంఘటనల పై మీ దారిద్ర్య విశ్లేషణలు కొస మెరుపు ; మీ చర్చా గోష్టి ద్వారా  సమాజానికి నీరు చేస్తున్న నష్టం , వారు అంటే  ఆ ఇద్దరు విడాకుల సంత హీరో హీరోయిన్ల చేస్తున్న 100  రేట్లు ఎక్కువ

Stupid why do u add srk fmily

Sussane hit lottery. She was his childhood friend and marrying her cost him the most. What a friendship. Thus never marry a childhood friend 

Why have you put Sharukh Khan’s family up. They are happily married and they are so involved with their three kids.

These are wives or gold diggers. What a shame

See me Please

Why is Shah Rukh Khan and his wife&#39;s picture here? Aren&#39;t you doing them a big injustice by planting news regarding them in your video? They are still together and are a happy family of five

Wait what ? How Divorce can be expensive ?

Actresses are nothing but they are gold diggers. Except their good looking faces and bodies to show to the masses through their films. Never marry an actress ever

Why did you put SRK&#39;s picture??? 

Alimony.......where is the gender equality......

They have money that why they give

Our confused Indian cousins. Thank God we have our Pakistan.

Love it.  That&#39;s why the Celebrity Pu$$ys are  expensive.  Havenot gets money from haves that&#39;s how it works. If you are poor and married divorce will not cost  a single paisa. DESPITE OF PAYING HEFTY FINE STILL THESE SUCKERS GO FOR ANOTHER ROUND OF PU$$Y. DID THEY LEARN A LESSON . NO, NEVER. ALL DIVORCES ARE INTERESTING BECAUSE IT SHOWS HOW THESE WOMEN ARE SKILLFUL IN SQUEEZING MAN&#39;S  WALLET. AND I AM PROUD OF THESE WOMEN.

Don&#39;t use srk pic for divorce 

What type of dog shit life these celebs live in... Only money!

What the hell? Shahrukh Khan is not divorced.

Conclusion: Divorced lady ends up with crores &amp; buys a bungalow !

Saif being crorepathi  paid only 5 crores for amritha,  but showering  money on his second wife kareena,  Taimur&#39;s nanny gets 2lakhs per month salary,  now with the second child,  one more nanny also gets the same.

WTF ! Rule is this ! Why only men should pay for a women while getting divorced ? if the fault is on wife side like extra marital affair or something ! if the husband like to leave that woman on her own choice by divorcing her he want pay for that also ! It will make a men angry to the core ! then he will just pay few bucks to a murderer to murder his so called wife or x wife  if it happens does the law will accept it ! Easily women can become a millionare without effort and hardwork by divorcing again and again ! law should be re anlaysed its completely a cringe stuff 

Why the f* did you put SRK pic are you enjoying in Divorces you are such a shit

I love you my Indian culture I am sending to Dubai

Why r u putting Shahrukh n Gauri in this? Sooo big liar. No likes to u.

Hrithik nu lut ke kah gae

Who are famous Hindu men married to Muslim women?1.  Actor Sunil Dutt married Nargis.  a Muslim.  .  Their son Sanjay is now married to Dilnawaz Sheikh (screen name Manyata). 2.  Actor Hritik Roshan married Suzanne Khan.  daughter of actor Sanjay Khan (Actual name Abbas Khan). 3.  Actor Atul Agnihotri married Alvira Khan.  actor Salman Khan’s Sister and Salim Khan’s daughter. 4.  Actor Feroz Khan’s daughter Laila Khan Rajpal married Rohit Rajpal. 5.  Urdu author Krishan Chander married Salma Siddiqui. 6.  One of the three daughters of politician Najma Heptullah (niece of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad) is married to a Hindu. 7.  Former Sheriff of Mumbai.  Nana Chudasama is a Hindu Gujarati Rajput married Munaira Jasdanvala.  a Muslim .  They have two children- Akshay and Shaina.  both of whom are married to Hindus.  Shaina (popularly known as Shaina NC) is national spokesperson BJP . 8.  Actor Sanjay Khan’s daughter Simone Khan is married to Ajay Arora (and other daughter Suzanne to Hritik Roshan)9.  Actor Aditya Pancholi is married to actor Zarina Wahab. 10.  Cricketer Ajit Agarkar.  a Maharashtrian Brahmin.  is married to Fatima Ghadially. 11.  Actor Sunil Shetty is married to Mana Qadri.  daughter of a reputed Muslim architect of Mumbai. 12.  Congress MP Sachin Pilot.  son of Late Rajesh Pilot is married to Sarah Abdullah.  Daughter of Former J&amp;K Chief Minister Farooq Abdullah. 13.  Actor Govinda’s father.  small time actor Arun Ahuja married Nazeem.  later known as Nirmala Devi (Govinda’s mother). 14.  Zubeida.  a Muslim girl from a prominent Mumbai family was pushed into marrying a Muslim youth in 1947.  The husband divorced her when she refused to migrate to Pakistan with him.  She later married Hanuwant Singh.  the then Maharaja of Jodhpur.  Both later died in an unexplained air crash.  She was the mother of film critic-turned director Khalid Mohammed (‘Fizaa’.  ‘Tehzeeb’.  ‘Silsilay’).  Khalid wrote the script of film ‘Zubeida’ which was directed by Shyam Benegal with Karishma Kapur in the title role. 15.  Director/Choreographer Farah Khan married director-editor Shirish Kunder. 16.  Gangster turned Politician Arun Gawli from Mumbai married a Muslim lady named Ayesha who later took up the name Asha. 17.  Manoj Bajpai married actor Shabana Raza whose screen name was Neha.  She made her debut in Vidhu Vinod Chopra’s ‘Kareeb’ opposite Bobby Deol. 18.  Nayyara Mirza.  Miss India finalist of 1967.  was the first Muslim to participate in the pageant.  She converted to Hinduism after marriage and became Nalini Patel.  She is settled in the USA. 19.  Noted English writer Anil Dharkar is married to Imtiaz.  a Pakistani Muslim.  Their daughter Ayesha is an actor who came to limelight with Santosh Sivan’s film ‘The Terrorist’ where she played a suicide bomber. 20.  Legendary actor Waheeda Rahman married Shashi Rekhi.  the Punjabi Hindu actor who acted opposite her in the film ‘Shagun’.  (His screen name was Kamaljeet). 21.  Choreographer Saroj Khan got married at young age to bollywood dance master B Sohanlal.  They had 2 kids.  Kuku and Choreographer Raju Khan (also director of the film ‘Showbiz’). 22.  Raj Babbar married stage actress Nadira Zaheer.  daughter of Communist parents. 23.  Actress – activist Nafisa Ali.  a former Miss India.  is married to Colonel (retired) Sodhi.  a Sikh . 24.  Hindi writer Nasira Sharma is a Muslim married to a Hindu. 25.  Yesteryear’s actor Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani.  a businessman. Mumtaz’s sister.  Mallika married Dara Singh’s brother.  Randhawa who featured in many stunt films of 60s. 26.  The ex Naval Chief Admiral Vishnu Bhagwat is married to Niloufer . 27.  Actor -singer Kishore Kumar married Madhubala (real name Mumtaz Begum) in 1960. Madhubala’s sister Zahida married music director Brij Bhushan Sahni . 28.  Sir VS Naipaul.  Trinidad based writer of International reputation.  is a Hindu (of Indian origin) married to a Pakistani Muslim called Nadia. 29.  Actor Asha Parekh’s father was a Gujarati Hindu and mother.  a Muslim. 30.  The niece of actor Raza Murad.  Sonam (actual name Bakhtawar).  best known as the ‘Tridev’ girl.  married Rajeev Rai.  producer and director of that film. 31.  Maharashtra politician Late Hamid Dalwai’s daughter married Sharad Chavan. 32.  Yesteryear’s actor Rehana Sultan.  known for her bold.  controversial films like ‘Chetna’ and ‘Dastak’ in late 70s.  married producer – director B R Ishara.  a Hindu. 33.  Veteran actress Zohra Sehgal (originally Khan) married Late Kamaleshwar Nath Sehgal. 34.  TV Actress Tasneem Sheikh is married to builder Sameer Nerurkar.  Her post-mariage name is Tanisha Nerurkar. 35.  Pakistani actress Anita Ayub who appeared in some films in 90s.  got married to Saumil Patel and is now settled in USA. 36.  Congress MP from Assam.  Rani Narah was originally Jahan Ara Chaudhary before she married Politician Bharat Chandra Narah and converted to Hinduism. 37.  Filmmaker Tinu Anand (Also known as Virender Raj Anand.  director of ‘Shahanshah’) is married to actress Shahnaz (sister of actor Jalal Agha.  Acted in ‘Saat Hindustani’). 38.  Roshan Ara.  Daughter of Ustad Allauddin Khan married Ustad Ravi Shankar and became the famous Sitar Player Annapurna Devi. 39.  Ghazal singer Pankaj Udhas is married to Fareeda. 40.  Yesteryear’s actress Zahida (Hussain) who acted opposite Dev Anand in ‘Gambler’ and ‘Prem Pujari’ and opposite Sanjeev Kumar in ‘Anokhi Raat’.  married Mr KN Sahay.  She is actor Sanjay Dutt’s cousin. 41.  Actor Nirmal Pandey was married to Kausar Munir.  a lyricist in Bollywood. 42.  Actress Tabassum known for her TV show ‘Phool Khile Hai Gulshan Gulshan’ on DD is the daughter of Ayodhyanath and Asghari.  She is married to Vijay.  brother of actor Arun Govil (Lord Ram of TV Serial ‘Ramayan’). 43.  Model Feroze Gujral is the daughter of a Christian father.  George and a Muslim mother.  Viqar.  She is married to Mohit.  son of painter Satish Gujral. 44.  Filmmaker Hansal Mehta (Woodstock Villa.  Chhal.  Yeh Kya Ho Raha Hai) is married to Safina.  daughter of actor Yusuf Hussain who does supporting roles in bollywood. 45.  Theatre actress Ayesha Raza is married to actor Kumud Mishra. 46.  Iconic bollywood villain Ranjeet (Bedi) is married to Nazneen. 47.  ‘Raam Teri Ganga Maili’ star Mandakini (real name Yasmeen) was born to a Christian father and a Muslim mother.  She is married to one Dr Thakur -nepali Hindu settled in Mumbai . 48.  Cricketer Manoj Prabhakar is married to Farheen.  an actress who was seen in a few films in the 90s and was noted for her resemblance to Madhuri Dixit. 49.  World-famous beauty expert and entrepreneur Shahnaz Husain is married to a Hindu businessman RK Puri. 50.  News anchor Sehar Zaman (presently with CNN IBN) is married to writer Dhiraj Singh. Thank you. 

Why were Shahrukh Khan and Gauri Khan on the cover of this video ?

When Men And Women are equal then why court goes with Women in term of Money

Your video is misleading. How can you deceive your viewers with false picture s. One of the most successful marriage is that of shahrukh n gauri.

Why did you show SRK,s photo? You should be ashamed of your cheap gimmicks 

So marriage is business now.....wow

Cheapest alimony was of saif Ali Khan! Even ordinary people pay that amount! He is really a miser !

These god gifted bollywood actress may have chance to marry again and again to become richest in bollywood family

My stupid biological father never give a single dollar to my mother when he divorce my mother for his mistress 

Gold diggers

Crystalhacker1@gmail is the amazing hacker that saved me from my cheating partner.. He did a very good job in just some hours... He is the best in any issue related to hacking and he can also help in making some money with his hacking skills and he can recover your lost bitcoins in a few hours... thanks to him once again, he&#39;s the best,.

Bollywood ke log dogla hote hai,ye log 100 Baar Shaadi karte hai sex karte mauj masti karte hai aur Chor dete hai, ye Bollywood mein aam baat hai, ye log jaanwar jaati ke hote Hain aur sex dharam ko mante hai, ye log insaan ke roop mein jaanwar Hain, bilkul road mein marwati awara kutta kutti  Ke Tarah. Bollywood film ke sabhi heroin log Randi Hoti hai, par India ke Kuch beokuf log inka fans hote Hain aur bhagwan ke Tarah mante hai.

Are you mad Shahrukh And gauri had happy marriage lifeSrk family is bless family never put the picture of them

Sussane never know what she lost

Rhea is lucky

Hrithik wife&#39; was a gold digger as she ask for 400 cr divorce alimony

DiE-Worse *only for money .....

Hrittik roshon &amp; suzan

Don&#39;t Divorce ... Love Heart life ....Wast money ....Save Children ....Family Nature ..

You have it wrong.   There was no alimony  involved in Hrithik and Sussanne  divorce.   They separated very amicably and share custode of their two sons.

Hritik is the best bollywood will ever have.......He is unmatchable

DIVORCE MADE ON MUTUAL CONSENT OR ON CONTESTED COURT CASES. EXPLAINED REASONABLY.

Hrithik is so smart and suzeen is so insont

You as the old saying goes, be careful who you marry, or otherwise it will be a fenarul

The voice of her is wierd it&#39;s okk

Hhh these gold diggers

Are u mad??Why u put SHAHRUKHAN picture? I was shocked to see shahrukhan pic

Are you crazy why you use srk and Gauri mam photo they are happy married life they have.

The men got married twice , thrice it means may be the men only used their wivesI highly appreciate Malaika Arora , she gets her life even better after divorce ️ Every divorced women should do so..

You stupid ppl. SRK and Gauri are happy together. Why on earth are you ppl doing this. Stop this unwanted gossip content about celebrities. They are also humans, they also have feelings. Don&#39;t take pleasure in their pain.

Very sad

Oo thoda hindi bol liya kro

It&#39;s not marriage but a money marriage

Jab aap sirf mummay dekh k shadi krty hyn to esa hi hota hy.

Fuckin cunts why get married in first place and then divorce fuckin cunts unbelievable

T. V show

Nice

Why r u speaking so slow

I think ex wife Hrithik Roshan is gold digger. Hrithik Roshan you better find someone else. I&#39;m your supporter.

What  they are happy why you include them.

Rithik

Why you pasted sharukh &amp; gouri khan&#39;s snaps????? This is absolute cheating  

The question is why should we have an expensive divorce??

Why all the Rheas are so geedyEdit:- greedy

Ladies interested  divorce on account of alimony

All of them were supe duper expensive and wastage of money, for trifling causes

They all are cheep

dont put red mark to ladies. There are no genuine gents in the world. After 11 and above years of marriage  one lady wants diverce with her husband means how much she strugled. Dont blame ladies because all gents are not fair

Money flowing like water falls on ex wives, this is bollywood, 

Why are you spoiling name of Shahrukh Khan

Fu_ckin Shit...these stars r not real stars but they r actually natural pornstars.after SSR&#39;s death I regret why did I watched these fu_cker&#39;s films...I will n we should watch Tamil,Telugu,kanada,English n our own State&#39;s film henceforth.let them watch their own film alone....at their home.they may be a hero in films but r virus in real.Scan them n Erase them from the memory n boost the Brain to live a happy life with our one n only own family in the society for the goodness n wellness of LIFE. Bharat Maata ki Jai.

350 crs..to Net worth bhi nahi hai Hritik ki

Waiting for Anushka to give divorce to Virat Kohli

Nothing is free ,easy come easy go with interest ,leaving misery &amp;guilt in tons forever,,   ,    .

I like free divorce

Divorce has become a business for womens to earn a good chunk of money

These woman are about money. Except the ones with children. I agree that they pay for children. But a descent amount. It look they didn&#39;t want to have to work. Live that rich life style.

Am here to say a big thanks to Dr.Sea and his great spirits for saving my marriage. No one would have believe that I and my husband will ever come back together again as lovers. But this great spell caster united us in just 48hours. Dr.Sea is truly a real and honest online spell caster. if you have any problem about your married or you want to get your husband back immediately. contact him now on is Email: (drsea055@gmail. com) OR whatsApp number via +2348130322222.

Hirthik Roshan&#39;s was most expensive divorce

Smart guys never marry, just take example of salman khan

How much 350 crores in dollar?

Sabse zada hrithik ne paid kiya 350 crores 

Malaika amir and saif their love was just lust

Ria Pillai,

HRk

I dislike this video for thumbail

Your English is so poor

This allbollywood mafia drug

Shahrukh khan is not divorced lol

Among them all Malaika. Arora should not get that amount because she is the one broke her marriage because of the dildo of the Arjun kapor, that&#39;s what I felt.

The bollywood celebrties always  divorce   not the hollywod not the south indian didn,t  do any divorce because , they marriage at a perfect age and perfect person

saif wife  amrita didnt ask  too much money   even though saif was rich ,  hats off to   independent women  amrita .

Hrithik will re marry Suzanne

Hrithik and Suzanne

Rhea Pillai is veryyyyyy cheap lady

Adhuna akhter Bhabani is a very very very cheap lady

Amrita Singh is a cheap lady

This rhea is such a gold digger. Marrying rich personalities like Sanjay Dutt and Leander &amp; divorcing them for money.Such characterless shameless woman.Moreover she is so crappy looking. Gosh what did Sanju &amp; Leander saw in this ugly girl

Can&#39;t stand the voice.... Every word is broken down into 3-4 syllables... Couldn&#39;t get past a min or so..

Rittik and suzane

Why you show Shahrukh on expensive divorce ? This reduces credibility of your website.

Gold diggers are everywhere, but men don’t seem to learn lesson

15 crore is still expensive but not soo expensive but still not too much

Hrithik roshan can afford to do that he’s rich enough for being able to afford that. But that still is a waste of money to pay 400 crores

Only this much. Useless fellows. Our family  100 Cr giving. These peoplemiddle classCompare to mining owner.

Hahahaha..

OMG 350 CRORES MATTERS A LOT..

Why did you put the pic of Sharukh khan

Please don&#39;t marry to someone who can&#39;t keep their relationship forever .

Instead of using those money for divorce they should have donated the money for poor and desperate people.

I don&#39;t like divorce, adultery and abortion.

That&#39;s too much why don&#39;t they work for Poor&#39;s in India! If they have lot&#39;s of money!

We want justice for SSR rest of all are bitches

They married these celebrities  only for money and fame  not love.

sanju and manyata are in happy marriage life

is this women  mad badsha and gouri are in happy marriage life

This lady&#39;s will be rich if they got married again and again. They become rich without working.

Isn&#39;t it malaika fault for cheating on arbaaz them why should arbaaz give her the alimony???this is very unfair

Atrocious English..structure and pronunciation both..

G

Bollywood is Darkest,  this Bollywood people’s for this money doing  this disgusting   Like   Rhea Chakraborty,  culprit cheated for this money  only Sushant ji,

Rhea Pillai is such a bitch....

for hritilkroshn is too much

Need to get someone who speaks good English and has good diction

Porque las mujeres exigen pago, ni que fuera un trabajo que horror, porque no le pagan a los hombres también.

Susanne demanded huge amount....she was linked with Arjun Rampal  n blamed Hrithik , Hrx is a humble guy....

Rhea Pillai was a gold digger

Marriage is not a game...... All people should think twice before married...... Ciz marriage is a secret ceremony......

This is the best way to earn extra money in tons easily n also take money fr the kids so life is set diborce just an excuse

Hrithik Roshan is really rich.

I think Hrithik and His wife aren&#39;t divorced! Its all for the media

นี่แหละถึงกลัวการแต่งงานมีแต่ปัญหาการหย่าร้าง

Why u use the pic of gauri and Shahrukh U crazy or sum??

Chod Chad ke chor diya ... Abhi itne crore kyun dain ? Chootiya banatay ho

Most expensive divorce is a Hirthik and Sussanne.

This is total love jihad suzain taken 350 crores from hrithik roshan and muslim man giving 25 to 50 crores Muslim using hindu women&#39;s thi is totally love jihad

These alimony belongs to audience mind it

pagal hain kiya srk ki pic q dali 

Malaika is a selfish,playgirl actress

Some marry for alimony i think  - this is not fair - like that reah pillai  both are equally responsible for divorce  -so why should a man pay for her  yes if children are there man should pay for the children&#39;s education  see that Suzanne khan - how many crores of rupees she took  shame upon these kind of people - these women never think about the feeling of their children

You mad fool.Crores and crores of money!!Stupid news!

Rithik and sussan!!

No divorce can ever be interesting or wanted 

What is a crore ?

After watching the video, it is for sure that Rhea Pillai is a real bitch.

Bollywood people are bunch of basterds.

Your entire news is so sloppy....Half of them of made up in your mind...

De verdad estáis locos !!!!!Por qué la foto de Shah Rukh y Gouri ?????Sólo para entrar y leer la gente ??!??!

I have yet to hear from someone who never took a cent from her ex.

SRK is not!

I know one of my classmates got divorced thrice and received handsome amount. It is not obious that husband is the main reason for divorce or guilty party. So why should men cover future cost of women.Now she migrated to Australia and living lavish life over there.

SRK family are blessed family. Never put the picture of them.

comme a hollywood.

I hope every couple there’s always a solution for their problems for the sake of their children  God bless everyone ️🇱🇧

Ritik Roshan sbse khtmm or nich insan h Jo usne Kangna Ranuat k sath kiya Or apni biwi k sath kiya

How much is all of this in dollarsssss??????? I cant get it...

Why Arbaaz khan is paying to Malika

Bollywood need money only

Hritek

I am divorce i need to be a good life partner Intrested to chat inbox

THEY DO NOT SAY WHAT KIND OF MARRIAGE IT WAS! In France, we can marry and separate our property!

THEY DO NOT SAY WHAT KIND OF MARRIAGE IT WAS! In France, we can marry and separate our property!

Why don&#39;t you first learn to speak as a presenter? You are very poor and are almost at pains reading whatever you are reading without understanding your script. Leave this job for others. Not for you dear!!!

@Gauri....misis  khan... How market  for  yáá  side?....since...&quot;BAD&quot;  hair(heir) have no  place  in  Bollywood ....but...Coro...coro....gets  plenty places  in  Bollywood...just checking on umissis prouding  yenyenyen  yenyenyen 

why only men have to pay then women say they want equality

Every one have to pay  Husband ( means boy who is giving divorce) have to pay during Divorce process. That&#39;s the rule they have to pay alimony. Whatever she wants that&#39;s the rule.

Chootiye indians ... Abay pakistani actor hotay to 5 hazar mai apne spouse ka murder kerwa dete ... Pehle divorce ka gunah lo , upar se 25 crore rupay bhi do ... Wah chootiya parsad yadav Wah ...

Hirthik roshan

Damnnnnn!!! I fall for ur trick... I&#39;m totally shock when i saw Shah Rukh Khan..

Hritik and Susen

Most of amir Khan ,why he pay so much . On top malaika a cheap actress demanded such huge amount is not perfect ..

Areee yaar .r u crazy or are u mad srk and gouri are happy till today Don&#39;t u ever use them for your businessWat if someone used your partner with u as to receive more views

Wow better to do this women&#39;s proud of you

Y post the srk photo in this

I like ur videos but u speak so slowly that irritates me

Are poora pagal hagaye lagtahe SRK and gouri khan are happily married.

Who got the best deal is not the question, but definitely LOVE JIHAD costs a lot. That’s my satisfaction 

Divorce can never be interesting, it is the most painful and sad matter.. ...

Hrithik roshan 350 cr it is really expensive

Till today SRK is maintaining good family atmosphere with his one and only wife.....Though I don&#39;t like his films much except rabne banaadhi jodi...Good to see him staying with one wife...I hope their married life continues.........Till their last breath....

Stop defaming king khan. He is the most genuine and good heartrd human being in bollywood.

Hrithik Roshan is highly amount

Gand marane srk aur gauri ka photo daleee ho

Hrithik is very humble person 

I am big fan of sharuk n don&#39;t belive this types of rumars 

Rhea pillai is big gamer

Hum alimony kyu de baap ka raaz chal raha hai

Expensive pussies.

Miserable large FINANCIAL DIVORCE ALIMONY or a lifetime of pain and misery  being STUCK t sum1 who u can&#39;t stand - either way it adds up t.. MISERY.

Oh well, Susies £350crores (settlement) shud help her move on. HR? Take u pick-So many H-ETS to get u Smackers in to. Baggie, I go 1st.

Your divorce is most cost ly

Instead of watching these foolish people it&#39;s better to watch some animal videos

if you do that God doesn&#39;t with you  srk

srk don&#39;t divorced with gauri please

Hritik and sussane

Who has knowledge of Pre Nuptial agreement?.. if the husband is womanizer, the wife deserved a big alimony

Prathiba Prabhu dev

If u didn&#39;t put sharkhan I was not going to watch it that&#39;s y am regretting y I watch it he is not there I know my sharkhan can&#39;t divorce his wife

How much is 350 in USD or EUR ?

Idiots why did you put Shahrukh Khan and Gauri Khan&#39;s photo in this. You do not have rights spoil someone&#39;s married life. If you do not know then shut the bloody hell and get lost.

Why ladies getting money when both proceed as equals ?

You missed out Virat and Anushka, Ranveer and Deepika?

They need only money what tha  F*<b>**</b>

Mad people  srk and gauri khan  live together happily.Do something better

All divorce are not costly for the rich. For others its Hell

Fake news

Arey moth..r cho.e SRK kaha divorce liyare

why there is srk picture. for that 

For Hrithik, that amount is the drop in a bucket. He will get that in 1 year. I suspect he cheated on her.  She found out. Other than that I don&#39;t see any reason for separation.

Why SRK and GOURI????  Gone mad? Videos are business for you people, whether be it true or false.

Fake newsHrithik and Suzanne divorce cost 100cr

Wow..... Marriage in Bollywood is business.... I am come to marry and India man

.

My my the narrator seriously needs grammar lesson!!!!

Dowry is a crime.... Alimony is a right .... even in cases where there are no children, even if wife is more richer financially, better educated and better earnings.

this is really exasperating! u just use SRK &amp; Gauri&#39;s pic on thumbnail to get a view?

Change your thumbnail that mention SRK &amp; Gauri which is misleading as per title

Abe kutte chinal ke isme srk Ka photo kyon hi.tere baap Ka photo rakhle.most cheap video in you tube

Only suzzainnnnnn

When are rich self made business men, male actors and men who have worked hard to earn their money going to learn they cannot get married in this era. The women of today will clean you out, the only money a woman should get is child support but they should not in anyway claim divorce alimony for themselves. The women should leave the marriage with what they entered the marriage with or if they had a business together with their husband then they should divide the profit evenly. I don&#39;t understand why men and women have to get married just enjoy your love until it fizzles out. The other thing is don&#39;t live together because the women can claim common law wife status, the men in this clip I don&#39;t feel sorry for because they should know better. The World is full of gold diggers and they will get what they want no matter the cost and by this their children the adults never seem to care for the psychological damage the divorce will have on their children and their families, all they care about is money and the maximise amount they can get even though they did nothing to justify such large payments. The Hrithik and Sussanne story, they were childhood friends she was a normal woman who married a extraordinary talented man who use to serve tea and sweep the set after his father finished filming. I hope Salman keeps to his words and does not get married and one more thing how long do you think Pryankra and Mr Jonas marriage will last, I hope it will last a long time but in the movie business you never know.

Shaadi ek dhandha ho gaya hai .. shaadi me dowry aur divorce pe alimony ...

Are you MadWhy you use The picture of Srk 

Pussy this much expence.. ohh nooo

I think Hrithik Roshan&#39;s Divorce amount is most expensive

They married again and again... Becoz they want money.........

please tell us how mr and mrs sharukh khan is manageing their married life so nicely?neela chatterjee

Why do they have to pay money when they got divorce I don’t get it

Suszeen Khan divorce most expensive

Saifs wife was quite simple she just charged 5 crores n 1 lac per month kids

Kabhi bhi apni voice Suna hai kya ,,  ghatiya kahiki

Mru

I din&#39;t understand the reason for settling wife, when wife is needing divorce..

I think so most expensive is about Hrithik Roshan and Suzanne Khan and Sanjay Dutt

Why every time man have to give money

Bv rehtoh toh parents kaise qabool tthe

Are you crazySRK and Gouri are happly married
