Aajy is original polic man in Bollywood 

Best police role&#39;s actor in world
Kya dailog he yaar tune police k cap me 3  dekhihogi lkn mereme 4th he yanha ....wowo 
But some part of this scene is deleted

The Best actorThe Best action heroOne of the best directorsHere comes baap of all in acting and action AJAY DEVGN

I remember little Singham

Ajay Sir my favorite actor in hindi

Kajal Agarwal don&#39;t know abcd of acting waste actressWhat an acting by Prakash Raj sir 

I love you singham

Shabash Singham

I can recall my father complete watching this movie at 3:00 am at night.. He is an extreme introvert type of person and his favorite actor is Prakash Raj.. If this movie is played no one in our family is allowed to change the channel.. We know these dialogues by heart but still we have to see this film..  So many memories 

indian guys must be very lightweight... getting thrown around like balloons.

Magadheera music
आता माझी सटकली  dialogue has a separate Fan base Dialogue writers : Sajid-Farhad should write these one liners more instead of the Crap they write now
love you ajay devgan
Ajay sir is great

I love singham background music
only legend knows that one scene has been deleted from this scene

This Scene Is Separate Fanbase Aata Maaji Satkli ....
When will WANTED come on Netflix?

How much money did you get for showing this sub on Netflix 
This movie&#39;s action is on another level!!

Best warning ever 

Witcher another season

Ajay sir did a wonderful role in Singham movie, if anyone else could not have done it then it is guaranteed.
seriously netflix

Ajay sir BestReal honest police officers...I don&#39;t have words for you

Is this fucking comedy or what ? When these fuckers will change ! . Please do some fucking good films man  this is really fucking bullshit .

Everything is like a beast, said Netflix's tongue saffron.
Tuzya aaichya gaavat has a separate fanbase

Swag level of both the actors : Infinite.

Nice video ️
Tesari goti ithey aahe. lol.

Bakwas

What’s that echo in sound.

Like LAMAR ROASTS FRANKLIN

Ajay brother awesome... Anyone remember Marathi dubbing?
Imagine if instead of singham&#39;s title   there would have been..&quot;zubba keshariya..vimal dane dane mai kesar ka dum&quot;...

To The Early Squad Reading This: Sending Virtual Hugs to everyone who need it stay safe read my name

Even Netflix is incomplete without Ajay devgan

This is so cringey I just can&#39;t

Who is waiting for &quot;sooryavanshi&quot;

Salman , Akshay , Ranveer can never match the swag of Ajay as Inspector role

Rip logic 

Release 10 years ago I am watching now on 4k...

Those  beautiful eyes  who are reading this comment ️ at this moment, may all the dreams of those eyes  come true 
This introduction of some fake people is real, the faces are fake but the acting is real…️
Those lovely eyes are falling on my comment, may God prolong the life of their parents and may they get whatever they want ️
Ali re Ali Ata tujhe wari Ali

Physics at <a href="">1:00</a>Meri koi feeling nahiMain kya karu mar jau
Awesome my favorite

Subtitles are so disturbing 

Is he saying it to an I.P.S huh huh huh

This is the dialogue that I want to hang myself 
i know Hindi very well because i am in Kerala India

Netfilx never give me hearts after all i am african ..
Best scene in Bollywood movies history

<a href="">1:54</a> main content of the video

Ye gaon waale ka hath hain..... 1 lakh ki gym monthly membership ke dumbells aur machinery chalaakar banaa hai

Is it just me or does the audio suck in your earphones too?

I am eagerly waiting for singham 3 .

Awesome scene

Iconic scene and Iconic dialogue, “ Bhau election bhau bhau election” 

Hands in the air if you are fan of Marathi dubbing  of this scene

Love this movie 

god level acting
Great Acting performance done by Ajay Devgn , Acting King Ajay Devgn only

This Scene Has Separate Fanbase Aata Majhi Satakli️
Ranveer can never match Ajay&#39;s acting skills.

Ajay Devgan  is looking young in this video  ok laude ab

Can&#39;t say he is the same one in Vimal ad

Ajay and kajoltwo wonderful performers

Ye chanel ko subscribe ker legea ga Goldmins telefilm And Aditya movies and crazy 4 movies and Filmindian and Top 5 hindi and pen movies and  Yogi bolta hai ye sab  channel ko subscribe ker legea ga

Ajay&#39;s swag is unparalleled in Singham

And here comes the iconic dialogue of the century ️️️

Both Ajay &amp; Kajol are fabulous..Love them..️

     Love YOU     
A movie where the villain and the hero was equally awesome

1st comment. Please give me a comment and a heart Netflix India 

Free laloooooo 

Finally first comment

5th vviewwwwwwwww

OP
4th i guess
Ajay Devgan fans hit like

Hello who all seen the first clip of Singham  for first time

Ajay is best and he is relative of my friend.

Big fan
This Scene Created History 

Big fan of Ajay Devgan
OMG I’m first I love this movie :3

First

1st

First
