Most good looking , sexiest screen presence or handsome actors of all time in indian cinema . A personal choice list1. Amitabh bachan : Silsila2. Jackie Shroff:      Parinda3. Kabir Bedi:.          Khoon bhari maang4. Nagarjuna.           Shiva5. Shahrukh khan.    Darr6. Aamir khan.          Ghulam7. Salman khan.       Karan arjun8. Rajendra kumar.   Sangam9. Sunny deol            Ziddi10. Rishi kapoor.      Chandni11. Rajnikant.            Bhrashtachar12 Tom cruise.          MI 213. Arnold Schwarzenegger.      Predator14 Sanjay dutt.                       Gumraah1. Madhubala.          Mughal e azam2. Sridevi                   Chandni3. Kate winslet.        Titanic4. Cameroon diaz.   The Mask5. Madhuri Dixit.       Dil6. Vidya balan.          Parineeta7.  Dia mirza.             Rehna hai tere dil main8. Kareena kapoor.    Veere di wedding9. Sonam Kapoor in Veere di wedding

He is precious ️

I love him 
Love vd

he is a good person. But I have to mark him the worst lead actor from current lot of actors. why cooli no one was made.. it&#39;s better to watch the old one anytime on youtube!!  Judwa 2 was better remake from the original one.

Hey Varun how are you?
He is just the best 

No real questions asked... Very boring
Varun 
Coolie no 1 itni ghatiya film hai ye log kitna jhoot bolte hai sabse bakwass film hai coolie no 1 is sal ki

I love varun and even though this movie wasn’t his best, it was entertaining and fun to watch and he did an amazing job!!

I don&#39;t care what haters say about you Varun sir you are so humble down earth kind of a person. I watched Coolie No1 4times I loved the flim so so much Lot&#39;s of love Varun Sir DUNIYA MERE GHAR HAI STATION MERA ADDA JAB MANN KAREN AA JANA RAJU MERE NAME HAI AUR PYAAR SE LOG MUJHE BULATE HAI COOLIE NO1

I fell love in total yolo Jenny from Leipzig Germany 
Varun is best for Badlapur and an October...not w coolie number 1 or a judwaa 2...hit a like of you agree.....

<a href="">1:40</a> i thought you went to depression after coolie number 1 release on Amazon prime...

Varun .. ur just the best ️ no matter what people are saying these days abt u but u will always be loved by ur true VARUNIACS .. so don&#39;t bother about &quot;those negative comments people are passing or the judgments that they are  making .. just ignore them ...  we always loved u , we are loving you and we will always love u .......️️️️️️️️️️️️
Varun Dhawan ️️️️
Love u so much vd
Sushant Singh rajput was the Brilliant actor.we miss him 

Coolie no1 created a lot of buzz for sure. That shows how people embrace this kind of movies and the stardom of varun. But it does not mean the movie was liked. I expected a bit of honesty. The movie was not liked by the audience and they rejected it. Please reflect on where it went wrong rather than blaming the critics or your genuine fans who are trying to give you an honest feedback.

Varun Dhawan should do interviews instead of movies.

Why are they acting like coolie was a hit when we all know that the public did not like it? Just take a look at IMDB to see the public review. Love VD as a person but he should be more honest and the interviewer should not be so chaatu

People will be watching it to see how crap of a job you did compared to your uncle Govind

The-one 
Love you VD
I love u vd  u are king of my heart ️️️️
Varun Dhawan is so precious️

Have you forgotten Sushant sir, I learned to sacrifice my life for you.
Coolie no 1 blockbuster varun dhawan
Bekar acting hai iski

Is there coolie no.1 bottle which they used to use at the set ?️

Varun you are so cute...

Varun best
Btw varun didnt had covid it was jst marketing strategie for his shitty movie coolie no 1

You are really a gem of a person varun 

He deserve all the love

Love you Varun
VD
VD is the sweetest

Vd
Love u VD. There cant be someone like u. I dont care what people have to say about u. I will always say this that I am proud to be a VARUNIAC.

I love you varun dhawan ️
Vd love you

If you born as a starkid.. be like varun dhawan..how humble and downto earth he is...talented and gifted personality...just love you vd...dont even know why people judging him very much nowadays

Varun love you soo much ️️️
Horrible movie
Coolie no.1 Terrible movie of 2020Everything was worstThere is no acting only overreactingDialogues be like ATM- Ambani  Trumph ModiThinking audience is DumbMovie was just headacheThey have taken efforts just to create movie for dumb audience

My favourite actor varun Dhawan I love you so much I miss you

Love you Varun
Varun Dhawan Hit machine of Bollywood 

Bd best ️
Love you VD.....

Vd ️
The most down to earth person and he&#39;s got a heart of gold!!!!

Love him ️
Varun is such a humble gentleman ️

Tatti movie  learn acting sara and varun

Varun Dhawan ️ ️
Love you VD 
Love you varun bhai
Riply please

Just Love You VD ️️
First comment
Legend 
I  Vd
