I have been curious about this suspect site prior to civil war. It sits in al-abtar mountain pass due north of al sawwana phosphorus mines approx 40 km south west of palmyra. One bomb would not scratch this well established very secure base / bunker complex. What is it&#39;s purpose? When was it built? What is / was stored there? What is the purpose of the road and tunnels .5km south of where this video was taken? It was very well defended prior to conflict.... must of been abandoned by defenders or one large battle that never made the press.

dugout in the sense of “damn even” they'll get it here! )))
Another Barmaley brothel was bombed... I hope they bombed it again later...
Doctor, I have diarrhea and my pulse is over 200. It’s Putin’s fault. I thought so, what do you recommend? Three times a day PTN PNH twice shenevmerlu, every hour “Glory to Ukraine” and jump, jump more, jump more
Doctor, I have diarrhea and my pulse is over 200. It’s Putin’s fault. I thought so, what do you recommend? Three times a day PTN PNH twice shenevmerlu, every hour “Glory to Ukraine” and jump, jump more, jump more
This is how real shawarma is made in Russian style, with love from the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation!
The dislikes are apparently put by Erdogan, his son and subordinates:(
stuffing
SW of Palmyra!!

The bomb fit in successfully. Top ten!
Those at the Ministry of Defense are still perfectionists)
Right on target
COCKROACHES
&quot;High-precision space weapons&quot; it hit right between two shelters and ruined several meters of the path. The donkeys, of course, were scared, but then they laughed for a long time at the Russian warriors and praised Allah.
At the moment this is the best Russian comedy action film shot by the film studio of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation))))))
Let's go have some fucking tea
The militants' party was just a blast!
I wonder if the camps where child fighters are trained are also bombed, or are the Syrian military still trying to liberate them in a ground operation?
FATALITY nah!
A herd of sheep entered the barn, and then a surprise arrived))))
This makes me happy! directly to the bar!
Quite weak. There must be nothing left at all
mother russia

these were public toilets. it’s clear that to the right is F, to the left is M. VVP warned about sartirs!
This is so funny. Thanks. Spasibo.

Good hit! :)))))))))))))))))
Pilot award!!! This is how much safer he has made the world!
Not enough, use anti bunker bomb to destroy that alloha snackbar bunker !!!!

that was a bakery with pregnant widows queuing for bread...

The fucking people ran to Alla's bar!
How many barmalei were killed))
<a href="">0:05</a> I think it was another mass execution
multikill
And this is definitely not a school with pregnant children?
mousetrap
It turned out to be so heartfelt) Apparently the barmalei were going to have a party there)
Bunker coordinates: 34.290211, 37.996292
how nice it is to watch such a video before going to bed) I feel like part of a great power)))) and Erdogan is preparing for the fact that a similar projectile will soon fall on his head?)
I hope all these terrorists have just entered the bunker? Stop wasting bombs just on structures. The infantry must be destroyed.
FUCK YEAH, RESPECT FROM POLAND :))

Good job! Greetings from Poland  :)

another tomb or family crypt
Why is it written Latakia, even if the coordinates are Palmyra?
oops
God bless Rusia

Burn devils!!! Burn alive!!! Burn creatures!!!... and I will repay you!
cyka blyat xD greetings from poland Russia is defender of the Europe

falls falling small landmine
fatality fucking
4 Erdogan disliked))
Allah does not smear. Allah Akbar...I wonder how much perdogan pays each "moderate" terrorist that they are still pouring there in the thousands. Do they really believe that it is still a profitable business?
I like it
once Barmaleev was buried
HAHAHA Erdogan's barmaleys folded their flippers.
Svidomo in mourning - carrying flowers and plush terrorists to the ISIS embassy in Kyiv
Porridge !!!!1
Tusanut barmaleyam ne dali)
ooo yeah
They walked slowly, thinking in the “Safe House” get dirty. Oh wow!!! Fuck it!
Very nice Russia

bye-bye :-)

did not have time......
straight to hell!!!!
Come in, have a seat. Nah, nah.
In short, like in a poem. Get your terra together, and I'll gather in a bunch! )))))
In short, like in a poem. Get your terra together, and I'll gather in a bunch! )))))
These are witnesses to the words of Erdogan's resignation...not everyone will die. Soon: in jackets, ties, and especially those who are obsessed with bowties, somewhere in court, tribunal they will sing...
Ebaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaae shattered on spare parts!
Simply magical.
Straight into the snake's nest!!! Well done!!!
Bitches are responsible for the plane.
knock everyone out
Kuchnenko
In - an exemplary blow - there is no doubt good - right on target.
May everyone be rewarded according to his deserts.
This is apparently a satellite image!
FOR ALEXANDRA CHERNOVA.
Strike!!
one disliked, still alive?
They waited until the herd entered the pen and then they fucked them up and walled them up.
&quot;attention! air raid alert! air raid alert!” and all the cockroaches with one slipper! Eh, Basmachi, I’m still surprised what you were taught in “civil defense”?
Alla in the bar! Alla in the bar! Alla in the BAAAAR! Alla fucks Erdogan in the BAAAAR!

We’ll find it somewhere and kill it!!!
Ha-ha, the terrorists are marching single file to their grave.
well done
figasse basmachi dug in there
Why is there so little here?
Did they all go there?
Exactly !!!
