by again
They dropped bombs just past! They blazed across the field!
so many videos. at least once hit the target
The most interesting channel on YouTube :)
It seems the channel is gaining momentum; yesterday there were three thousand fewer subscriptions =)
The Ministry of Defense received a letter from ISIS saying that it was just a social experiment
I’m wondering, do they read the comments there? Will there be any work with subscribers? Will your wishes regarding the quality of the shooting be taken into account? Is it possible to hold competitions among channel subscribers, the winner chooses the bombing location or the type of bomb dropped? or is it all for the sake of dry reporting? :(
ISIS must be extinguished with nuclear shells, no matter how little it seems!
14 seconds, as I understand it, this is the first wine from MO =)
Instead of filming with such a camera, it’s better not to bomb at all.. A bomb costs half a million, but a camera costs half a penny
This channel is promoted by bots, look at the comments, people write them specifically to promote this crap, it’s some kind of propaganda, people are dying there, you can’t post it like that
this looks like a miss O.o

How happy the experts are in the comments, even though you enlightened us, otherwise these fools have finished graduating from their highest flight academies and other nonsense. They don’t even know that the drone’s crosshairs need to be aimed at the target, and then from a completely different plane bombs and missiles will fly where they need to go. Fools, we still remember this from Cal of Duty!
Grave for ISIS))))
Grave for the Igilu)))
there won't be any cinema
Russian Ministry of Defense I love you!!!!!!!!
The Nazis were the same patriots as the Russians, propaganda instills lies in them to create hostility towards Americans or Ukrainians or Georgians or Finns or Muslims before the war. The same technique was used in Japan to create hatred towards Americans. War is the biggest mistake of all of us, of all peoples without exception.
As everyone knows, the military are very stupid people; they are not specifically taught to think so that they follow orders. Private Ivanov, drop bombs on the neighborhoods, bad people live there. I obey the commander!!! Today the military works for corporations, not for people. Who are they actually protecting there, people or established social institutions? Don’t you think that we need to make sure that no one can make money during the war?
I’m wondering if anyone ever thought that such an attitude towards materials from the fields spoils the status of the Russian Army. People don’t really give a damn that there were people there, even if they were enemies. This is all great, of course, but I hope that the illiterate name “Russian Ministry of Defense” has no connection with the real Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation. Otherwise, it turns out that the Russian Ministry of Defense is no better than those radical butchers who cut off heads on camera. And everyone is happy in the comments... Spreading rot on these schmucks for their political incorrectness is what is really important! I’m far from a moral fag, I just don’t want to live in the dermis of some degenerates from above. And it doesn’t matter to me that if anything happens, they will shed blood for me. While some of the “defenders” behaves unworthily, no one will respect them. P.s. If the Ministry of Defense has nothing to do with this channel, then I don’t mind, it’s interesting for me. Sometimes it just breaks down below the belt because of our managers and those in power.
I demand that the banquet continue! (With)
where is the video from the combat pouring of the turntables.
Here you go. and oil began to rise...
Damn, we're tired of these jacked-up satellites with shitty calculator cameras, let's start broadcasting in HD quality already, please!!!!
kill this infection!
BRAVOOO  (y) (y)

A bad organization was born in the Middle East, and it so happened that it began to terrorize the world, where it found many new friends (USA, NATO) and came across the Russian Air Force. But now we will find out what happened next!
damn all these videos are awesome! but I like it better when our drying and blinking SHOW! mine defense, either teach me how to understand it, or show me what kind of inventor he is and how he did it (veiled taftology)
Why cut the video like that? Show the object normally before and after.
The most important thing: indeed, compliance with the UN Charter, and strength, and worldwide support are on Russia’s side. Vanga’s prophecy is coming true - Syria “goes to the wrong people” (not exceptional, but equal). And Vladimir Vladimirovich is that unknown Savior of Wang. The era of mercy is not far off. But for now: Anglo-Saxons - to account!
When will season 2 come out?
Is Game of Thrones a cult series? The YouTube channel of the Ministry of Defense will fuck him!! This is how sex scenes should be shown!
Why not by buildings? do they have a headquarters in the field?
Dislike for repeating old posts!
Pain...
Good luck to you guys!!! Bring out the evil spirits. Russia loves YOU!!!
For the first time in recent history, in all the years since the collapse of the USSR, Russian aviation is striking an enemy who is located not only outside Russia, but generally outside the former USSR. This means that Russia has regained its status as a Superpower! And the panicking enemy scum understands this very well. That’s why the farts explode, with a crash and a roar. That's why they shit with bricks and cinder blocks. Geyropa, like the entire satanic West, is simply sick with wild Russophobia... Russophobia has become equal to anti-Semitism. This is already a triumph. This is the highest achievement. Russians are now God's chosen people. We are hated as Jews. Everyone who is well-mannered or not, educated or stupid, regardless of skin color, gender, religion, equally hates Russians. We enter myths, legends, and indigenous civilizational codes as easily as a knife through butter. Move over, brother Jew, I’ll stand next to you. You can actually go and rest. Russian is now a synonym, the essence, the root cause, the source of a new Being. They hate us, we are Russians. What a delight!
The Russian army is the strongest army in the world! Thank you for fighting EVIL for the sake of the world and people who have lost hope in kindness and humanity. I'm not Russian, but I'm proud of the Russians! And I envy the light. I wish you well-being and prosperity, competent politicians and fewer greedy officials.
Su-24m - we will deliver to Guria quickly and efficiently (c)
MO, make vlogs about how you prepare the planes for takeoff, how you find the target, otherwise you’re already tired of the monotony of the content.
As I understand it, they were told not to gather for more than two, but they didn’t listen?
I really like this series. Good story. I hope the director of the series, Shoigu, will definitely shoot a second season. By the way, I advise you to watch his previous film. Polite people on vacation in Crimea.
Russia: are you making a Call of Duty: Russian Edition? If so, please do! And also, thanks eliminating ISIS. I appreciated it!

nice
Well, that's it
Americans are counting their losses from these videos. And in the meat that they hired with their money and in the weapons that they supplied them.
disintegration of jihadists
With each bomb exploding, the number of exploding Saudi farts grows exponentially
Please indicate the date when the air strike was carried out, otherwise the chronology of events is not clear!!!!!!!!!
Why are the Saudis, the USA, and Türkiye outraged? We send hundreds of men to heaven, where 40 virgins and the favor of Allah await them? ))
Where is the sign “ISIS HEADQUARTERS”?
The toastmaster is cheerful and the competitions are interesting)
The Motherland is with you.
&quot;Take the demons alive!!! &quot; )))
Igila Ipanaya!)
Will there be on-line broadcasts?
Grandpa McCain is silent

Who puts dislikes then? The guys are saving the world there!
Comrade Shoigu! There is invisibility technology for locators of any frequency!!! Buy it! The Turks will not complain that you are violating the borders!
So what about the Nabucco and other gas pipelines? bolt? Russia masterfully stuck a gas pipe into all the cracks of old Europe.
when is ODAB-9000 (AVBPM) already? :(((
Not very interesting keno. It is necessary to finish drawing special effects, radioactive ash for example.
The office is monitoring comments, be careful guys :)
Guys, excuse me, but... why does Russia need all this? No, really, do you really think that this will bring us at least some benefit other than a show of strength... the power of troops, etc... I don’t know, it seems to me that this whole company will respond to us again.
unfortunately about 50 meters to the side
YOU CAN DO IT RUSSIA!!! FUCK THOSE US BACKED TERRORISTS!!! with much love from Texas!!!

Again. There are no ISIS idiots in Aleppo. And Khuilo will not destroy his brainchild. ISIS is a Kremlin theme.
Just like Game of Thrones, with each episode the main characters become smaller and smaller
It looks like the blow should have been a little to the left... But I think for those below that was enough.)))
thought russia had good equipment. these are some of the worst bombing videos.

Damn, I'm losing weight from many commentators. people seem to be looking at Max 100500, they also complain about the quality, express wishes... it becomes really funny, but on the other hand it’s creepy from such people, they eat popcorn and watch not an action movie, but a real war and real murders...
You can look at this for hours! :D
But if there is a president of the Russian Federation in the union, then everything is not so bad today. And a plane ticket with a Russian wing, Which, taking off, leaves only death for ISIS.
I appeal to the Ministry of Defense, you are great for such a visualization of the work of our aviation, but invite Anna-News correspondents to work on the picture of the operations, they have extensive experience in filming military operations in Syria from military equipment, they will tell you how to do it beautifully!
God, he feeds Putin
I don't understand a damn thing. maybe it was just a village shock?
Go on Russia go. stop the bloody plans of west! loves from Turkey!!!

They say Obama has begun supplying weapons to the Syrian opposition in eastern Syria, and Stinger MANPADS will also be supplied. So the Su-25 will also have to fly above 3900 meters above land, taking into account the terrain.
The account is many years old, but this is the first and only channel I subscribed to. Landings equal to departures!
Back on October 1st there were 15K subscribers. And already 35. Subscribe guys. The more people see it, the better...
Better stream it!)
I’ll go re-read Kaberov I.A. There’s a swastika in sight. After watching the video I wanted to.
all the money is on the screen!
People, those who are uploading videos, please add media value to the videos. When displaying in IR mode, write that it is in the IR range. Outline objects. If possible, indicate the type and number of bombs. It would be ideal to receive comments in a confident male voice. It’s incredibly interesting to watch, but not everyone has enough military knowledge to understand it.
If this comment gets 1000 likes, then TOPL-M will suddenly appear in Syria.
Well, now the atmosphere in the area is polluted with particles of bearded creatures... Nothing will grow for about 100 years...
Fuck, blame everyone about American Islamofascists to hell!!!
Brainwashing in Russia continues!!!
How many of you know whether this is bombing against ISIS or against Assad’s opponents? Assad is not fighting ISIS.
Let's go to 3D............)
Once again, questions about accuracy remain.
interesting series and good directors
Almost got it. Probably all the windows were broken along with their frames - many people were scratched.
expect terrorist attacks in Russia. young Salafis who are easily deceived are probably already being prepared for self-explosions((())) hundreds of thousands of Salafis throughout Russia
And what’s the story with Mig 29 Syrian, who almost raped 2 Turkish F-16s?)))
expect terrorist attacks in Russia. preparing for self-explosions.)))(((
Create an electronic wallet and your subscribers will donate to you for a good Full HD camera! :))Stream combat missions! :))Thank you!
again night episodes =(
We are eager for a solution, we are going to fight in order to give the land in Damascus to Assad. In fact, does it really matter? - We didn’t care about Bashar, but it’s important for us to move the global army, leave the crony house, go to war. Other people's affairs beckon behind the fog. Again, Russia is small for Russians. You may be a paralytic in your native country, but you are a geopolitician in everything outside. Having always been hostile to overseas guests, we bring freedom to other volosts, but, by the providence of God, we are squeezed into a handful, we just cannot bring it to ourselves. Grenada-Grenada, Angola, Donbass... How it should be, how it should be - we know for you! Oh, a marvelous craft: from the Russian heights there is a continuous worldwide exodus. A detachment of big-headed people - a significant part - says goodbye hastily: off to America! And many go to Kyiv. And someone to Beijing. In Paris Guriev (Sorry, guess what!). It’s time for the elite to find homes for the wolf cubs... “Get out, get out!” - some shout, but they themselves go - to Lugansk and Donetsk - so that they can finally raise the Russian flag. I will say through force, carrying tears, that Russia cannot be established in Russia. Sometimes they decide to make it cozy, but they always get in the way, they always don’t give it. There are potholes everywhere and the smell of war. It seemed like it was time, with the oil boom, to correct your image, to save your honor... The Tambov region* exists in the Fatherland, with potatoes, okroshka, matting, but I’m still afraid that you can’t save it by bombing. Don’t wait for an emergency, dear black soil. After all, besides bombing, what can we do? In shock, in a frenzy, trampling on the enemy, the usual hari in any iron are calling you to war, yelling at the world: “Russia has returned to the big game!” Having internalized lies and corruption in everything, what value do we bring to the planet? And what are we rich in and what are we good at? Let’s answer - “Almaty”, plus “Kalash”... And most importantly - brotherhood. We immediately rush to get into the next mode. It’s a cool job, a powerful one—to save someone from bullying and oppression. All people are our brothers, without any “Why?!” I long to gather them under our hand. We carry this curse on our backs, because we are not our own brothers. (I could, of course, say “on the hump”, and the rhyme would come out on “themselves”, but a crooked rhyme is no longer important when a world war looms. We have found ourselves in a breakthrough. Isn’t it the Last Judgment? I thought that rhymes someone will be saved, preserving the harmony of the world as much as possible, saving me from the plague feast. Now I see, smoking lightly: it is pointless to squeeze the slurry in a fist).The neighboring distances are burning, smoking - we are moving further away, we need Damascus, we need Grenada , and then there is Brussels - we don’t need ourselves, we are eager to leave. I don’t know, dear, what the hell you’re waiting for, rotting. Who needs you? To the arrogant neighbors, foreign tribes, Arabs, Chinese? Certainly not for us. What other turmoil will our stripped, shoeless, blown-out landscape respond to? The spaces are crying like a hundred bores. They leave their own people, they curse others - under the yoke of decay, under the thickness of lies Nenada, Nenada, my Nenada. Dmitry Bykov.
Yeaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Satan's place is in hell
Gentlemen, you won’t believe it, but the last few days I’ve been going to YouTube just for this channel :)
MO rules
Everything is clear, the rats are squeezing into holes (bunkers). They are masters at this. Look at the “Three Kings” film (even though it’s about Iraq, I think it’s similar) In general, every village is a bunker.
For those who say they don't get there. Life is not Battlefield 4, life has fragments and shockwaves.
many of the militants, unexpectedly for themselves, became astronauts)))))))))))))))
At least they showed you what it looks like from the ground once, it wouldn’t cost you at all!
the most awesome series of 2015) and to be honest, our guys are great, just great
We shared our warmth with the militants)
It’s time to make posts like: “If this video gets 1000 likes, then we will bomb Iraq too.”
it feels like they are hitting nearby just to really scare you and force you to negotiate, well, in reality, in 90% of the videos the bombs fall nearby
A star fell from the sky, right into the bunker of the animals... So that they would all be torn apart, into trash, into shit, into food for worms!!!
If there is such light at the drone’s flight altitude, then on the ground it’s easier to wrap yourself in a blanket to evaporate before sunset (clearly according to the Koran)
Cool series!
And the pure souls of ISIS flew to heaven, where 40 immaculate Lyashkos were waiting for them!
Hooray! New episodes))
missed
calculation completed
No
second
first
