Why people hate varun dhawan he is very good

Varun Dhawan is the best I think who said like that about Varun Dhawan they don’t know how to act and are jealous

By the way, the film coolie.no1 is a very second low rated movie that I watched, my favorite song and the log is a crap movie till the trailer it is revealed that people are watching it and there is a number of chutes in the film.
I will definitely watch this movie for my varun 

Why the hell you showed alia pic ???

Varun Dhawan is very handsome and cute person. I love him soo much.... 

U have done a very big mistake in whole video .U called Varun dhawan and Sara Actor biggest mistake ever they were are will never be actor .Actor banne k liye acting aani chahiye nhi aati chod do na dusara kaam Karo .

This pretty boy will soon become dark, ugly and evil to stay in the game. Just like the so called heroes of bollywood.

Either way we’re fan of Varun we’re going to continue to support him..Even extremely Famous actors in Hollywood also have flopped movies like Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom cruise  is not the actors fault it’s the story of the movies ..

Yes i will watch it  100 %

No I m not going to watch stupid movie .....

Justice for  Sushant singh rajput.....he is the best actor..he  is the  king  of  bollywood...no one  is so talented as him..he  is very  talented actor ......not  Varun 

JUSTICE FOR SUSHANT SINGH RAJPUT

Dont worry Varun sir, I loved the trailer. It will surely be an amazing movie. Aap govinda sir bhi better ho.

Varun Dhawan should not be in any condom ad in Bollywood. Why is he a PTA, because he is not worthy of Bollywood. He has a smile, a smile, and personality, this is overall Varun Dhawan.
Its the best than govinda who is telling is not good

I love VD.......his dance and everything .....but as a VD fan also I didn&#39;t like coolie no.1&#39;s trailer.....I got the vibe of judwaa 2 while watching the trailer......but whatever still love VD he may have 2 or 3 flops in his career but the number of blockbusters are more.....VD️️

we love varun.. and we support u vd

I am loving the trailer

Yes I will watch this movie as I am the fan of Varun Dhawan and Sara love them both from New Zealand

I will watch the movie 4 the fun off it and u don&#39;t have 2 act 2 feel u can be like some 1.That is part off acting  Omg hmmm .This is 4 u 2 cuties⚘⚘

Flop person and flop film like sadak 2.

Boycott bollywood ever
One more thing AI have said that if this movie goes flop he can make up his career again as he did after kalank got flop with street dancer

Varun have did so many movies from 2 or 3 of them were flop and others were super hit so It means he is great with acting even after being an star kid so even if this movie goes flop he can make up Cause he have made a great Bollywood career in such a short time he is good with his movie selection tooAnd who said he is not giving any update about the movie?? Everyday he is posting something in his ig story even though Sara is posting so much and now vd is hated because of being an nepotism product But people don’t forget he is a great actor or maybe a great person do not judge someone by who’s son is he or he belongs from which family And he have tested positive for COVID so it’s normal not to be active every time isme depression ki kya bat hui Kuch bhi bolte ho yar aplog Anyways VD We love you We support you

I love you vd,you are the great star in bollywood infact dont be worry about your movie it will be all time blocbuster no one can judge you

We support vd

But Where is Alia in this video

Land

No.

Varun Dhawan is my favourite hero

i will watch the movie for the 2 beauty&#39;s in the movie

Never judge a person by their appearance. Who knows the movie my be good or bad no one wait and watch then you will find out

Look Govinda is good at acting in his own way and Varun sir is good in the way he acts instead of making this a controversial topic let’s see the movie and its a remake and no remake movies are same as the original one it can be a big hit or flop we should just enjoy the movie instead of criticising

Justices for  sushant singh rajput boycott  Bollywood movie

I love him!!! Please tell him (if u meet him) it is all going to be all okay....

really guys shame on you to hate dont you know how much work it is and you dont respect that i m sure the film will be so good and where does varun said he wanna be like govinda govinda is not better than varun you guys should really shame thats so bad if you get hate on the thing that you love and again for the haters HE IS VERY TALENTED KIND AND DOWN TO EARTH AND HE IS THE BEST ACTOR THAN WHY HES WHOLE FILM COLLECTION ARE HITS ONLY STREET DANCER AND KALANK SO GUYS STOPPP!!!!!! JELOUS HOBBYLESSKIDS WITH NO BRAIN

Watch krenge but 0 star denge
Nikl sale nepokidsSsr ko diya alia sali aur varun
Heaven on the docks man SSR always alive in our hearts man 

Smoky,  if you meet him, tell him that there is nothing to worry about once the movie has been sold to OTT at  a good profit

Jab tak SSR ARMY IS ALIVE WE WONT LET ANY NEPOTISM PRODUCTS MOVIE TO BECAME HIT THAT&#39;S THE POWER OF SSR ARMY

i am your biggest fan .301 ST VIEW,16TH COMMENT,28 THE LIKE .IF DISLIKE 5 TH ONE .WHOEVER PUT MORE THAN 5 DISLIKE R 5TH DISLIKE WILL DIE .CAN I GET A LIKE FROM SMOKY EVENING 19 TO 21 MINUTES AGO

I want a heart from smoky evening........Please !!!

I am the 100 viewer

Don&#39;t worry Varun we are always with uhh...The film ( Coolie no. 1) either be hit or flop the hero will always remain hit ( Varun Dhawan) ....I&#39;m sure that the film will be superhit...So let&#39;s hope for the best

we should not judge any movie before it releases

So Varun Dhawan is depressed so now he will commit sucide right haha

It&#39;s false not true
First you tell that coolie no.1will released in thetre

1st like 1st comment can I get a love from smokey evening ️

i am first
