Deepikas fashion sense was good before marrying ranveer ...ise Kehte hai sangat ka asar

Green color ki alian 
Deepika v/s karela ...let&#39;s see who wins

Patta gobi
<a href="">3:51</a> she is cute but she look like chamgadar (bat)

<a href="">0:37</a> Isko gra ye bhat achi gri h bhi  itna axit hai pics ke liye but hii wou uska mznare hai mn hi man or is cartoon peace ko dehna or want to show to the public h
Hollywood banne ki chakkar mein sab pagal ho gaye hai indians 

It seems to me that these days Bollywood people are using drugs more and more.
Mai jab pehli baar dekha, Bhai sahab has has ke  pagal, Yaar ye capsicum kidhar se aa gaya, So sorry I can&#39;t control myself from commenting. And the thumbnail, It&#39;s of another level...

even a little bit
I was literally finding the tail then i realized it was edited

Deepeka doesn't wear kapro or kapro doesn't Deepeka wear?
Ananya so good
She&#39;s literally wearing tent.

Deepika is literally not comfortable I can see n feel that

Who makes this stupid dress? It is good to make our low-income lady's tailor. But don't know why today's actresses are liking this tent type dress more. A few days ago I had also seen Priyanka wearing a similar dress. I think Priyanka Chopra likes these types of dresses the most. I have seen most people wearing this type of dress. Don't know what's going on.
Best green screen for my YouTube videos

Bedsheet penke ai
Something in the name of fashion
Hahaaaaaa. What a time it was.
Actually what anaya does?

Slaypoint 
Legends know slayy point gautami react on this 

Dipka is pregnant, she is looking like this
Deepika&#39;s dress is like the cover what we put on car.. her stylist literally must be smoking..

Why did you get this whole tripal?
car cover
Slayy point 

Now she looks like Ranvir Singh's wife.
Ananya: I am from Siddha farm. I am here. Ananya: Or you are from nepotism.
Anything in the name of fashion. Let's wear it.
Slaay point 

Why did you wear the green carpet of the set?
Who&#39;s here after slayypoint?!

Here after watching slay point

Ab mt puch lena who is here after slay point

Who is here after slayy point

Quickly quickly wrap the main curtain and lay it.
She is looking beautiful though

Deepika is really a talented one in the bollywood industry .among  The star kids she is the only outsider who is ruling the whole bollywood

Putting talpatti or raincoat over the house ???
What did you do?
Deepika is the one taking the fashion game up in India so we should appreciate her for that

Hey bai die mujy..Deepika key up b ranvir hai laga hai  she also became cartoon...... 
Jhanvi looks so pure hearted has no cleverly exactly opposite to ananya pandey

Deepika&#39;s fashion sense is horrible. 

Ananya 
Tirpal phn ke aa gayi 
Fancy dress competition ki yaad aa gayi inka fancy dress aise hota h I like that 

All Indians always accepting the things which were previously done by someone else.Only if this was done by some hollywood star.

Deepika and Ranveer is a good couple

All these bad things made me look as if I had just bought some clothes 
What are you wearing now? Parachute has fallen, what are you wearing, husband, Waif
I am feeling raw kadu..
Open it and it will be much better.
Thumbnail
Deepak look like a loose polythene 

Hey god 
Hey brother-in-law. I put a tail in my dress in thumbnail.
Is the dress or polythene?
Very deep hahaha
Janvi sabhe acche kapde paina ye Deepika ne

The whole mood was ruined and it was very dirty.
Friend, let Deepika Padukone's tree not slip away 
How to throw such a stupid dress on such a big celebrity
She looks like a stuffed green  capsicum

Tent

Depika has zero sense of dressing

Yr agar yai fashion hai to ...mai world best designer hoon

Dipika's new fashion is wearing tirpal ???
Ye log kya pahna lete hai hm sb ye pahnenge to ghr ke bahar nikle mai shrm aayegi 

Worst and funniest dress of dipika i ever seen in my life 

nice sharing 
Ananya and deepika best
Both jokers of Bollywood

Abe yr hd h in logo se bhi...kuch bhi phn lete h
Sri Devi paid a lot but did not pay her daughter.
<a href="">0:01</a> i can&#39;t stop laughing
Bilkul Shimla Mirch lag ri huhhhh
Thumbnail Apne man ki baat likh di ha....Or. Faces kisi or k dikha rhe ho nice!!! Or  you made the thumbnail more funny by adding that tail in Deepika&#39;s Dress

<a href="">2:11</a> I'm not sure what to do
My laughter did not stop after seeing Deepika sorry laughter
Fancy dress competition hai.. today is vegetable dae
What do you think the meaning of beautiful is?
Jahnvi kapoor akhir tum dikhana kya chathi ho mughe yeh hi smgh nhi aata  if u want open so fully open ho jao thoda bhi mt cover kro 

what a dress Saree phen leti kitni sunder lgti bollywood celebrities doesn&#39;t respect our culture and costume

Ananya pande is an adavi pandi

Their dressing sense is though horrible, but they are really humble both of them.Loads of apreciation  for this.

She is doing for money, nepotism kids u r boycott, so comments

Seriously, Ananya was looking pretty ️️
Oh my god, how bad do you look?
Is this dressing sense or dress???Can anyone explain???
Deepika, I will cook vegetables today.
She looks pretty tho ?!

The whole parachute is in the bank, you don't know when it will fall.
Never believe in thumbnail

Thumbnail expectation 
Something about the lights (lighting) that make them look quite dirty with all the makeups!!! Indian (or bollywood) red carpet lights really need a change!!!

Kyathi Lavi aavo bakvash dress
Beautiful DP...Duniya jale to jale

Capsicum.....

Ananya look gorgeous
Ranveer's disease continues to fail Dipika mam
Pata nai kyu ye industry tik hi nai lagata

<a href="">1:02</a> Jasprit Bumrah&#39;s younger brother 

Annanyas looking like the dress of Cinderella when she was a sweeper

I think the color looks gorgeous on her

Still better than both of them combined

Deepika tried something new unlike the other girls who look too average. I mean my sister has that jhanvi looks everyday

Very Hari Bhari 

This type of mentality is the typical illiterate one..Dress is a choice,every indiviual can have fully rights to their dress preferenceIm talking about thumbnail!!!!! U guys put in

ye to tamboo le aayin poora

These actors are idiots

What type of clothes should I choose in my wardrobe?
She’s wearing a bin bag 
What is this dress?
Kam se kam press to maar lete 

janvi looking elegant
Deepika ko pura lauki lagrahi haa

In our village we use such cloth (plastic) to seal the water from falling water or this great man has stolen it.
Janvi be like: Hum kya khah marane aaye hai idhar
Oh god this lady

Thumbnail ohhhh bhaiii
Yeah dress is nay apnay kamray ki bed sheets say banaya hai 

In dona kay bachay bhi sabzi paida houn gay टो ।
Ranveer and Depika dona cartoon han arary sai dress pahanlia Karo Kabhi

What madness, there is no clothes where they should be. This is not fashion, this is madness, Deepika Padukone.
Wat is the problem of these YouTuber just leave it dude fake news

Foolishness 

What is this to wear..
Questioning the name of fashion
You are right janvhi di
Fashion k name pr designer ene kuch bi phna dete bewakuf deepika ।
I want my green screen backkkk?!!!
Mtlb some too
shimla mirchi style dress 
I cant stop my laughing.... See her dress depika looking like capsicum

Depika tme kpre phone ka tarika kyu nhi h....
Oh bhai mujhe mark ye kaun she nache hai ye deepica

Deepika’s stylist probably hate her His way of taking revenge is clear 

Moti loki nzr aa rhi
Hahaaaaaaaa funny
Ooo brother, kill me, don't kill me, this is a joke.
On the way I came across someone's wedding pandal and took off my clothes.
I love Ananya Pandey dress and she is a beautiful

Deepika wearing car cover
What fashion disaster is this...  brother ...matlab Kutch also 
What is this dipika clothes

Ik the dress is funny and all but deepu is so precious

Where garbage is thrown near our house, all these people have not worn it.
The award for best fashionable couples goes to deepika and ranveer



It is looking like Kerala kathakali dress. Couldn&#39;t stop laughing. Only these so called dress designers can make a beautiful lady look like a circus clown 

Chamraudha kapra
Ya to capsicum BNI hui hy,,,

Bad choice ‍️
Now i can say yes she is Ranveer Singh&#39;s wife

Why does Deepika need to wear this uncomfortable dress?
Yrr jsa thumbnail me khaya jsa kh nhi h
This is when ranveer fell in love

More than this video I can&#39;t stop laughing after seeing comments 

liking this vdeo just to show this to my mother later...we usually laugh...tlk and laugh on deep and rnveers fashion...

These ppl are just mad... .. horrible styles... 

Deepika wore this dress and everyone's attention went to her dress. The rest of the heroines are wearing classy dresses.
Pay a little more to your dress designer.
Staying with Ranvir also got worse.
Ananya pandey k Struggle S 
A better sack would have been taken than this.
bad written song
Some idiots can&#39;t understand the fashion ! She is a super actress, model, beautiful soul . ....

Ananya is so beautiful ️
She is joker just like her husband 

When u have taken marriage vows to step on patidev&#39;s foot..and pati is Ranveer

One thing I don&#39;t like about Bollywood stars .They spend money on such werid dress and wear them just once.

Ananya 
So much cloth has to be spent on the seeds and so much cloth has to be spent on wearing them and so much money has to be spent on getting them stitched.
Hahaha Deepika to hide the pumpkin if you liked it
It's funny 
Who is Deepika's designer?
Dress be like a tarp 

Yar yeh kya jungliyo jasy kpry phanti h  Pakistani actors ko dakho kis qder achi dressing hotu g


What is the meaning of this, what strange cloth has been given to them by making them wear designer dresses.
I don&#39;t like janvi kapoor


Bakwas lgti h dipika bhi or iski dress bhi

Deepika took off the body cover of her car and wore it.
You also make fun of fashion.
The thumbnail is just like 

Deepika looks like a bottle gourd 

Mental designer mental dress
Deepika can rock everything 
Deepi ️
Tambu .. kambal Silke pahyni hai
Is this Halloween party

Yaar ye log jo pehen le vo thoda hai, kaha se sunder lagti hai ye ????? 

Deepika ji what is this 
Poor girl is not wearing anything
ranvir and deepika is a peefct pair in fashion  

He is proud of Ranveer.
Oh god
Ananaya looking very beautiful 
What kind of dress is Bora?
Why does the first dress look like a green screen??

Disgusting  green gown
Don't worry, Ranvir will be seen in this dress some day 

Who will wear these dresses?
jahnvi kapoor&#39;s team is so toxic she wants to talk they are literally pushing her to go

My mind did not stop inside looking at the strange dressed up bandits.


After seeing this fashion did suicide.

Ananya Pandey is so beautiful

Yes of course that’s a weird dress . Enemies of her will be silent and admire her in that dress .

Let me inform you all that these kind of dresses are worn by women who don&#39;t want to attract other men...... &amp; in recent times these are highly in fashion but most of us take it wrongly

Ananya looked crazy to him
Yikes if this would have been a white celebrity everybody would have liked the dress Flash :  fashion is not about looking all together or looking gorgeous . Its about expressing . So stop trolling her in comments ki wtf capsicum, tent , cartoon .

Puch kha gyi

Who makes such a dress? These designers
After marring ranveer she has also became like ranveer in fashion !! Sangat Ka asar

Green polybag

What is there even?
Ranvir and Deepika is the best couple coz there dressing sense is next level 

Ananya&#39;s dressing osm
Shimla chilli bank has arrived
Exactly shimla mirch,no class,looks like tent house

Janvi k button bas tootne hi wale hain

What a fashion sense...dipika 

Lettuce patta 
Even after spending so much money, I did not wear hemp clothes.
Deepika also started having side effects of living with Ranveer After seeing this, I was reminded of the boy who used to say, &#39;&#39; Mummy tomorrow there is a fancy dress competition, but tomorrow Shilma Mirch Banuga, bring me this dress and Deepika don't copy our Shinchan
No matter what she’s wearing but am very happy that she atleast covered her body this time 

Deepika look like green cabbage
Oh God  so......funny 
Kya pahna h dipika ne tanmbo
sbji

kuch b kuch b
What???dipika seriously looking like a green tant
yeh bollywood ka fashionOld herion&#39;s best rehi hai Dress ve achii hoti thieeee......

effect of ranvir's sangat
Very nice brother sir very much
 nice
It's raining without rain, I have put on my raincoat.
Ananya Panday desi chicken girl is wearing this dress .
Jhanvi and ananya had to know that  deepika is not wearing weird she is fashionable

Janvi ka dress...theek thak hi tha ...deepika se to bahut hi theek and last girl only look perfect with gown.I know the name  but i am confussed at her name^.^^o^

Well didn&#39;t yall read the thumbnail? What&#39;s this ?

Deepika Padukone has a worst dressing sense

That <b>Madam samor was </b>

Even villagers are looking better than these Bollywood actress..........

Which is such a party where we have to wear clothes like Deepika

Deepika looking funny

Inn Logo Dress should be worn in such a way that I look good, am comfortable with myself and can take care of myself.
Ananya  pandey  real struggler  no doubt
By drinking cheap drugs, Deepika
Thumbnail

The designer would be in a bad mood if Deepika would have worn that tent cover. Deepika wouldn't have thought about what she was wearing.
Lokiii

Karila kept searching and couldn't find it.
The thumbnail was epic LOL she had become Deepicum

Charas lene ke side effects 
all sea clothes are covered with cloth
Deepika dressing sense is yak
chapri fashion

Sabzi takes a bath 
Everone is making fun of deepika but in actually she is trying to upgrade the dressing of award show just like metgala

I am getting the vibe of Priyanka Chopra

I must say ananya Ka dress beautiful hai

Deepika. Nonsense. Dress . . What kind of friend are you? Gave it. Yes.
Hey there, how much clothes has been wasted? That's why he wears less clothes in movies.


O god the thumbnail 
Public to Deepika: A... You are with me (Ranveer)
j kapre dekh k laga k Ranveer Singh he thik hai dipika k liye kya fashion hai yr 

Green chilliii capsicum bottle gourd
Ananya's dress is very beautiful
Deepika's dress is not AchiBut she, her makeup, or her hairstyle are looking very Achi
Is she crazy..... At camp she never wears anything good but in normal award shows she wears campy dresses.... Uhhh only beauty with no brain

Gajiri h 
What the hell how cheap dress

Ananya looks like she has only an almond for a week 

Ananya is so cute
What is all this necessary?


I think deepika had wear parachute

Deepika showed color in Ranveer's complexion.
When u r married to Ranvir Singh... 

Ooo bhai thumbnail toh ekdm op tha

Ye kya h bed sheets lapet k aagyi

kuch vi for views
Loved jahnvi

It&#39;s a disaster

With this cloth I became the pure dress of China's population
Deepika 

Nva trust the thumbnail 

She looks cute in everything she wears

Car cover is being installed 
so funny o god
Inspired by Ranveer*

She wore a raincoat of the same size as Deepika.
Thumbnail m tu tail b thi 


Deepika's puch tail 
Deepika ki puch tail

Deepika always best super staar
Took the full raincoat cloth 
Funfact ; Deepika or Ranveer ghr pr Kisi bhi kpde ko waste nhi Jane dete 

Funfact: Ranveer or Deepika have the most common dressing sense among them 
Car ka cover pehenkar aa gyi lagta hai

what kind of dress is this
I hate deepika
Plastic lapet kr aayi ho kya

After marriage deepika ki choice bhi Ranveer jaisi ho gai hai

This dress..is just looking like a car&#39;s cover..
Deepika dresses is two wheeler wearing cloth

The idiom don&#39;t judge a book by it&#39;s cover has become old... New generation idiomDon&#39;t click on the video looking at the thumbnail.

Shimla mirch to be precise!

 stupid dp
Ranvir is also joker Deepika is also joker jodi hai bhai sir dono 
Chalo koi to pubg/FF ki dresses real life me pehenta hai

Jhanvi is no match to any where. she looks u*<b>**</b>

in this janvi looks so domb 
Bhai aise kapde se hum to 3 kapde ghr ke bna lenge.

Today Ananya feels better in front of Deepika.
Ranveer also made Deepika like him  Cartoon couple. But lovely couple
Deepika's dressing sense is very good, it means she can't copy anyone, she is the most unique.  I love Aishwarya Rai, Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Katrina Kaif 
Deepika be like: Aaj main capsicum  banungi 
Ajib h I don&#39;t like her

Ananya looks so cute
Itna accha hra thela

What non sense title you give to attract people...?

She&#39;s looking HARAA-BAINGANNo offense!!

Jhanvi beautiful as always

Ranvir and deepika needs grow up... They act like teenagers

Deepika looks good in anything.

Seriously Deepika wears such a dresses in award show that it look dress less and funny more

Dress of ananya is so beautiful

Raincoat is more graceful
shimleepika michikone
Everyone talking about the dress wore by Deepika  but me imagining the amount she spent on the tent dress....

Sadi ke side effects...or enka manna tha ki Sushant ko dressing sense nhi

Ekdam ghee sabzi is being used.
She is so confident ️
Despite 
Deepika and Ranveer are cartoon couples  
No wonder she&#39;s ranveers wife..they get inspire from each other   she&#39;s looking like shimla mirch

Deepika has worn so many clothes that now she doesn't have any clothes left to wear, so she has to wear something 
Ananya is looking so cute
Thumbnail 
celebritatti

Deepika please change ur dress designer love you ️

Ananya is so beautiful and so sweet and so cute

Bad  looking Dipika
She looks like a capsicum 

Haha so funny dress 
Is it a dress or tenth  

I need a haha  react badly

Janhvi
wore something too


Where's the crazy thing?
Rajai phen ayi deep
Dipika cloth iss soo ghatiya ha ha haa
What??? Depika wear dress or tent  

I was searching for tail 

Ye sb kuch bhi pehan lete hai wo  hi fashion really

Her dress r so weird but she is good hearted

What rubbish?? When did Janhvi di teased deepika?? 

Oh shoot! Did anyone notice??? The dress looks like its not ironed 

I like janhvi dressing sense
Janvi apni school time ka dress pehen ke agayi hai tabhi to itna tight hai

Kuchh bhi…BC..never sleep or sometimes carry a tent.
After marrying Deepika Ranvir, what did she wear on the stage?
Everyone talk about deepika but dress janhvi kapoor wore look like she wore it forcefully

Carrton couple awards goes to deepika n Ranveer 

Ananya so beautiful
Capsicum 
Don&#39;t zuz anyone by his dress

Ee gola pe kuch bhi ho sakta hai aur ee gola k laug kuch bhi pasand rakh sakty hai

after seeing such an Comment thats why i feel why new things never come in india they just don&#39;t appreciate



Beautiful ️️
You should never go swimming wearing Dipeeka's dress.
Deepika 
My father-in-law has become obsessed with fashion.
She looks like  bringal

Janvi is going to wear Tami's dress 
Deepika is discussing which dress to wear.
I came here only because of that tail .. or stem whatever it was..

Looks like Dracula's bride Cheepika
So funny

They&#39;re so funny I can&#39;t stop my laughing 
Its seems to be a plastic tent..which people use during rain..

Dipika mm is not in fashion
He bhagwan yeah kia dress tha 

Deepika wearing a dress or tent Deepika show ma ni i balky jaroo leganay i hy 

Abe koi itna pagal kaise ho sakta h 

Deepika padukone is still looking beautiful in bell pepper costumeJahnvi ki to Baat hi kuch aur hai. She&#39;s just flawless. Jo bhi uska husband hoga he would be very grateful.Ananya ka dressing sense is very nice. Ananya, you look so wow. Ananya is a true 20 years old

What aa hardwork in thumbnail Very funny

Deepika the bossJhanvi she&#39;s good ,, i mean going good But,,,,le chapri Ananya such a bad fashion taste and also she copies every inch of kendall , she just cannot charm  in her own way cause everyone knows she doesn&#39;t have any charm

Ananya look cute
Simla mirch h yeh

wearing a gown is not something like wow what a courage.. Being an Hollywood and Bollywood diva she should try something that&#39;s shock people.. And she did.. That&#39;s called uniqueness 

Deepika need good stylish

Now what kind of dress has come to India?
Deepika me last time normally Carry kiya tha met gala me and then she realised all those. Barbie princess look is big chutiyapa..

This is the effect of Ranbir's strength
Looking like capsicum 
Most provably inspired by ranveer singh 

Ranbir and Deepika both r joker

Ananyas all awards are paid

Why is this Shimla Mirch bank roaming around?
They came out of Ranver to
Capsicum look better than her

Deepika&#39; s dress is far better than jahnvi &amp; Ananya &#39; s dress!

All these are signs of staying with Ranveer.
Chiiii, what are you wearing, this is strange, you are wearing such a dress, both husband and wife are jokers.
Who is crazy after living with the joker? Jaiaekpde india ka nama. will spoil
The wife is lying in a lehenga, the wife is lying in a kilt, there is jealousy
Jaanvhi and ananaya baby you both are looking so Hot



Ranvir - Yeh dress kitne ka liyaDeepika - 150 likes and kuch fashion sense se

What are you saying please please tell me...
This look of Janvi did not look good, sorry
And when she didn't get anything, she came wearing a garbage bag.
Janvi is looking gorgeous
Wow ananya dress
Ranveer&#39;s side affects 
What a vegetarian paratute  contrume party of halloween  capcicum
Deepika ji in the name of Mtlb fashion kuch bhi
Do you think you are stylish by wearing these clothes?
Deepika always wears dresses
RIP fashion

Dapka&#39;s dress, the curtains, the hoods.



Thumbnail was epic 
crazy
That cameraman in front of Ananya ???
Jhanvi is soooo cute 

Jaloos

Deepika&#39;s looks like fuggaa
Shimla Mirch is dressed like this, that too is just dry Shimla Mirch.
OMG

Ek to hota hai fashion Dusra hota hai chutiyapa....ranvir depika (chapri pair)

Deepika Maa is keeping an empty tray of rice at my house, she has sent for me to make a dress 
Ranveer and Deepika are perfect pair......in fashion  lol 

No girl will find the replica of this dress I swear

Anannya so looking good
Nice

Lakshan randeeveer ganja positive 
This is where confidence is needed in life
See..  Ananya legs are so black<a href="">3:51</a> ...  So don&#39;t need to to judge yourself and stop loving urself just for body shamming or racism

What is this costume bapre disgusting dressing sense
Ananya got a reward for her cuteness,

As a result of cooking Ganja, this poor girl has to wear some clothes too 

He is wearing no better clothes
When next time we come to Tirpal, we will jump.
500 wala ek simple drees pahente tho koi itna majak bananeka himmat nahi karta,,

sometimes they are very over why wearing  large size cloths


Where did you tease the scoundrels.....?
Deepika why are you making fun of fashion?
What was she thinking  

Brother, what tent is he wearing?
Imagine wearing this on a date with your crush.

Ananya&#39;s shoes 
Ye deepika pagal h kya
Rabne milaye jodi

?????????????????????sabji wali sabji wali sabji lelo
What kind of money do you pay?
Looking lk capsicum

Even the media is too busy selling vegetables
Ananya looking beautiful ️
Stupid deepika

A log kuch bhi pehen leti hey.bakowas

didn&#39;t like any of the dresses. ananya&#39;s dress looks like a bunch of rugs sewed together.

Dipika ka dress faltu hai

It seems that Deepika has also gone crazy after marrying Ranveer.
Ranveer made this also in his own style.
Chii

Shimlamirch lagrahe Ho

Fashion 

the forest
Hey God, are these people so tired or are they wandering around wearing sheets?
Deepika is looking far better than this struggler Ananya Pandey and that jhanvi Kapoor

Only sonam and ranveer are the only Bollywood stars with out of the world fashion sense

Who should learn from Bollywood in the name of fashion?
Very weird dress wored by deepika...

Loki 

Capsicum

Lagta hai car ka cover pehen rakha hai ....what a fashion in Bollywood ...salute u guys

Deepika is not beautiful

Her makeup is damm bold. I just loved that

Have you come after removing the chaddar?
Why do you think we have no fashion sense?
Beautiful ananya

Dipika bakwass

Palak pakoda

Let's go and garden
Bahutt burra hai yeh dress deepu

All of them are Sikhs from their husbands.
Whatever deepika wears she will always looks stunning

Ek toh is Deepika ki sakal itni acchi h aur uppar se dress itni acchi pahanti h

Does depika thinks what ever she wears it will be called fashion 
Hara chappar ke aayi hai
When did I eat patta gobhi but bajar main nhi mile aj pata chala saara gobhi to Deepika घी टो
Ananya is the best ️️

Deepika also went crazy with Ranveer.
﻿﻿﻿
 Deepika is an idiot for sure just like her husband

Kuch bhi !

Looks like he has fallen 
Actually I searched for Lisa fashion week outfit and yt brought me here ..btw the last one  and the  ain&#39;t match





Brother, please keep the tent.
At first I didn't understand what this was. When I looked again, I saw Dipika mam  and this was it.
fools

The careers of both of them combined will not be one percent of Deepika's achievement!
Agar maine aise kapde pehne tho mujge log pathar marenge

Chalti firti shimla mirch
In the name of fashion, the doctor wears tarpaulin..

You need to show everyone your body, what is HD, friend 
Janvi ️️️ Kapoor best 
Ananya Pandey is looking like a doll ️️️
Fashion icon

Love the editing of thumbanail jo sabji ka dandi lgaya hai na

Hahaha Deepika what did you wear?
Deepika mam was naturally very beautiful ️But today ,
What fashion does this society not achieve? Who does Simla Mirchi roam around wearing?
Pati to yeda tha saathe me Deepika bhi no sense what to wear tent , shimla mirch aisi lag rahi hai pagal hai yedi



Dipika is not wearing a dress but has come for the green carpet 
This is why Deepika came wearing Doctor Strange's ghagra 
Deepika's dress sucks 
What is this, friend.. What kind of dress is this.. Even if you give me all the money, you will not wear it… What is this… What kind of experiment is this, friend?
It seems like you have picked up the whole cart and brought it back.
Sb k sb pagal h lol
After taking too many drugs, you forget to wear bedsheets.
What clothes are you wearing to see the first open dress? Now you can wear as many puffy dresses as Ananya Pandey or Janhvi Kapoor.
Jaanhvi kapoor is literally very nice,gorgeous,down to earth person

Ye koi Dress h 



Jhanvi ne silai to kerwai hi nhi

Omg dress ya patta gobhi 
Y&#39;all hating for no reason she has amazing fashion sense so does ranveer if some celeb from hollywood would have wore the same thing y&#39;all would&#39;ve hyped em up

Boycott nepotism justice for sushant

To me the most bad thing was said to Ananya… Orange sndl with blk drs  maybe she doesn't have blk sndl.
Rajayi od li me ne od li 
Ananya and jhanvi also wears turnip and carrot they insult deepika



Weird choice of dress

Nonsense....who was not wearing and who was not wearing....
Plot twist: This is Ranveer's
 Strange
Deepika is wearing palak

I don&#39;t like janhvi
That weird dress

Inspired by Ranveen Singh,  mere ko yeah level ka conference chahiye 

Ek woh din that jab clothing was adorned by homo sapiens as a sign of civilization and as a sign of an evolved brain to cover themselves and for protection.Aur ek aaj ka din hai.

Most worst
Deepika really likes vegetables.
Her fashion sense was stupid she does not have much sense

If we wear it then we will bring out the spring from the world.
 big cucumber 
Deepika looks absolutely gorgeous  My my....Gotta give props to the fashion designer....Makes her look like a Million bucks  Well.... I don&#39;t understand why ppl find it weird to wear fashionable clothes 

Deepika is not look like a vegetable ahe is nice in dress

I just love deepika ️ mam
Why do they call it fashion

Jhanvi kapoor looking pretty
She is looking pretty but her dress is really look like a tent..

I wrapped the tent material.
Lauki padukone Singh 
She is looking gorgeous

This vegetable has come from sister's vegetable shop to buy a dress.
She look like wearing a car cover 

I don't know the reason behind the design of the stupid clothes I am wearing.
Mughe laga tha shadhi ke bad deepika ranveer ka dressing sense sudhar degi per yaha to ulta hi ho gyaThanks: for likes ..

Hahaha... Wat is Deepika wearing.. Must say with Ranveer and she are perfect together.. On terns of dressing sense. 



Huh does Janhvi and Ananya have any fashion sense??

I really love ananaya dressing

Worst actress
Ananya is looking pretty 

Janhvi&#39;s fashion And then their&#39;s deepika

What is he wearing?
Jhanvi Kapoor ️
Deepika is drugus girl is not good

Dipika this looking green park

wow such a unique fasion sence

Deepika 
Dipika is a real vegetarian 

Dressgandi h deepika ki
After taking drugs she wrapped herself in window curtain

So fani lookee

Who is this Dr.?
I love Deepika Padukone and ranveer Singh but  Deepika dress is not good 

She looks like phatta   gubbara

NO OFFENSE DEEPIKA AMLA KI TARHAAN LAG RHAI THI

Deepika and Ranveer is real talent made for each other ️

Tent lg rha
What sack is he wearing?
Omg Deepika dress

Asar of husband after marriage
Oh my god shimla mirch
Ananya is wearing black crow
Dipika padukon in parachute dress
Omg

Sbse Ghatiya Dress ???
Guess Deepika stitched her dress from curtains

Omg

This is what happens wen u ask tailor for discount

Anaya dress ️
Jhanvi's dress doesn't cost even a single penny to open the whole picture.
I also wore the dress in which I had to walk and then took it off  Depika.
Jhanvi kapur is very honest &amp; also so cute n simple

Love Jana
Phle priyanka ab deepika But she didn&#39;t beat priyanka tho in that No there is struggle also 

Never seen such a strange dress...Priyanka gi met gala wale look ko kokkar puri


Hee Amar tirpalkhan kio sur korsa
This is what has been done???
How stupid are Deepika's dresses, 
What is this man she is look like cabbage 
Kuch bhi 

If you drink so much then this will happen.


She is wearing green  curtain of hospital..

Deepika is awesome

Ananya&#39;s dress is looking beautiful
Deepika&#39;s dress is looking that she is wearing a raincoat as a new fashion 

Yehhh husband wife doesn't know what she is wearing
What is Deepika?
At the head of fashion


Mine is better than Aananya's leg
Are she&#39;s hiding her pregnancy that&#39;s it 

Dipika is looking like pumpkin 
Janu looking so pretty️
Janu is best ️

Bhai tune to haad hi kardi

I don't wear clothes anymore....I wear them on bedsheets again
I really like janvi..

And after some time, Janti's clothes started falling apart.
What is she wearing

Deepika&#39;s dress is not weird , she feels comfortable in dresses she wear

Dipika is staying in the fancy dress competition.
What are you wearing?
Really what is Deepika wearing...
This crazy PTA, what is she thinking about, and I am very worried.
Konse hospital curtain has been stolen
Janvi kapoor and Ananya pande.... Looking soo nice... 
Oo bai ki ha tirpal pindhi ahico nki tumi 
Green and orange are growing
Hey mother, I didn't think that I would have seen the big Shimla chilli for the first time.
It&#39;s just different dress.
What next Deepika?

OMG the thumbnail
Laaaaanat beshumaaar
When there is more money, there is nothing to spend in poverty, people buy meter clothes and sew clothes. 
Why are you allowed to wear a girl's dress? What is it that some people do not have self respect? Why do you wear a dress like this? Who has to stoop so much for money?
Dipika is also sleeping...always in the opposite direction.
Sooki's bone was not found and she gave it to Rahandiya for a year.
Deepika is wearing a trampoline

Kharbooje ko dekh ke kharbooja rang badlta tha kitabon me pdha tha aj dekh lia....

Strange This is called film industry 

I love ananya dress
Shimla chilli
Who made Jhanvi Kapoor an actress baba?
Wearing a green plastoc 

I think deepika thought it&#39;s Halloween party she&#39;s dressed like bell pepper

Deepika looks amazing 

I didn&#39;t click on this for the thumbnail i came here because of their dress choice.(And I forgot to appreciate janvi&#39;s outfit, her&#39;s was on point ,I loved it.) And other&#39;s no comment lol.

Is it a dress or  tent ?

Yaar Jhanvi never tease anybody anaya may be
This bad look dipika

Ananya dress inspired from araiana grande Grammy awards i guess

Moral of this video: Don&#39;t judge a book by it&#39;s cover and don&#39;t watch a video by believing it&#39;s thumbnail

What has happened to Deepika, she has also become like Ranveer Singh.
I saw a watermelon like this yesterday at the market 

I don&#39;t like deepika dressing like ugly
I hate ananya
she should change her stylist....her western red carpet dresses are creepy

Deepika filled the bin in place of the fillings....
BC..what circus tent is he wearing??
Janhvi ki dress usse tight ho rhi h....

I think makeup and hair is 

Omg it&#39;s looking horrible chee
Funny dress lol

Ananya 
Anything to stay limelight ..

Weird ..

Deepika dress looks like vegetable bag under which she keeps her money.
Make your vegetable in thumbnail
The result of your sister's company
Ananya Pandey&#39;s dress was good 

hahahaha

Indian fashion is the best fashion

Normally koi pehn sakta h kya koi

Ananya Pandey reminds me of Ronit Ashra 

Her clothes will fit for making tent for my three kids.....

The dress could be okay if the color would be red or pink

If I tease you, you will make Jhanvi naked, that's why it is necessary for me to do so.
I will nvr b wearing this dress in free as well..

I don't care for everyone and what a stupid dress I am wearing.
If watching this in 2021

Bhayankar Pari of balveer was more beautiful than Ananya

I have never seen a poor beggar dressed like this 
Jahnavi just perfect

children&#39;s fancy dress :&quot;Capsicum&quot; outfit. She has no style.

Jhanvi is looking georges
What a great dress dipika 

Ananya dress was old fashion

Abe Deepika Padukone ne kya phen rkha he yeh sala is bdiya mujhe dede ti apni puri car cover krleta

Aye hye... Ye to titti haio
Sasta nasha karke aai h deepika 
Janavi Kapoor very very boring and bad actress

Deepika looks beautiful in simple dresses .

Shimla chilli
Ananya&#39;s dress is also very beautiful and gorgeous ️
I loved Deepika&#39;s dress.. 
I just can&#39;t stop laughing 
Bhai ye thumbnail 

If you talk too much, you look very funny.
JHANVI ️
Ye deepika ki dress thi ya samosa

She is wear a garbage bag

She is looking like an idiot... may be had drugs and came coz to wear this shit stone now has to have the courage...

I didn&#39;t like her dress its so over



This is a drees I can&#39;t believe this

I think so ranveer Singh Ka style dheere dheere Deepika pe Asar ho Raha hai

Why wear such a dress?
Becahri apne hair pr hi nhi h
I really feel like a vegetable.
No doubt she&#39;s looking beautiful , but dress kaafi ajeeb hai
Even a little on the name of the dress
what about janvi dress she is 0 scenes

Deepika ki dress to lazabab h bohut aram dayak v h ...

Thanks to Ranveer Singh 

Kode ka thela pehen kar aa gyi

Ye consi dress h be
Looks like she pulled down a curtain and wrapped herself in it 

i love jhanvi️
Hey brother, kill me, what a joke you are playing, you wear so much in the name of fashion 
Lgta h deepika green ballon k andr ghus gai h Or agayi h ??????
The clothes did not fit, so I tied the curtain.
Guys... Can anyone plzz explain me... Celebraties are Soo rice if they go to showroom they can buy beautiful dresses then why they wear such a poor dress.. like they have nothing

Why does the thumbnail show a tail like thing coming out from Deepika&#39;s dress when there was nothing like that in real??

Deepika always wears such ridiculous clothes, there is no dress sense, she is like a comedy piece.
Reporting this channel!!

Ur sooo pretty mam... Respect dipika mam

Hey armies  any army here ??

Chili mirch lg rhi h

Every time I think, I feel better but nothing special ️️️️
Ye to tent ️️️
Cartoon

Hahahaha

Andar chori karke kuch pana chahta hai भागा हुआ ???Cringe×100
Ananaya pgl lgti h faltu ka hasti rhti h ???
Ranveer phle se hi pagal tha azzeb dress pahnta tha ab ye bhi asar pd rha h 

How much do you wear?
It&#39;s the side effect of Ranveer Singh.

The bhavnani virus is more contagious than corona.Deepika got it from ranveer

Deepika is looking adroble

These two husbands and wives have gone mad, what kind of chillies have they made, poor lady has not cooked at home.
What is this  carrot are covered in cauliflower
What did Ananya do to the chicken?
Professor dumberdore
Tuada Fashion Fashion Sadda Fashion No Fashion
She looks like parachute balloon  

Ye sach me kya hai yr??? Shimla mirch aise kapde to kg k bache pehnte hai jab unka kuch function hota h

What kind of dress is this, how do you wear such Deepika Padukone

Mtlb kuch bhi

Cabbage lay deepika. Pagalji. 
Effects of Drugs

Puri haari mirchi is visible
Omg can anybody tell me where jhanvi’s pink set is from? I am literally hooked! 

She looks like that bindi vegtable

bad dress 
Pathetic, ubbla hua shimla mirch dipika

Bollywood actresses are nothing infront of Samantha&#39;s fashion sense

Shimla mirchi bani h fancy dress competition haina isliye 
I like janvi kapoor look
what she is wearing..
WTF is this?

I hate janvi kapoor

Yaa actress yaa too body koo cover naee kartii.. jabb cover krienn too sthh adhii zameen v cover karr datii 
The most stunning lady with worst stylist

Hahaha

kuch bhi kaho but even wearing that curtain looking shimla mirch dress she looks absolutely breath taking gorgeous as always

Oh my Allah, I have worn some designer dress.
Wearing such clothes makes me look good. Is this what I am wearing?
deepika kambal mor kay a gaya

jhanvi is fat and ugly

ewwwww depikia looks radiculousssss they are thr worst dressers in the world cartoons

I feel like my husband is dying.
The thumbnail though 

I think hus and wife have kept a single designer to save money.. Movies are nt working tht well.. Audience realised a lot f things so..

Madam has come with tarpaulin.
Hahaha, this husband and wife love both their clothes so much that not even a single piece is wasted.
Ananya dressed better 
I don&#39;t like ananya but dressing sense is quite good

Funny

Deepika is always gorgeous in every outfit love it 

Hahaha

Ananya looks so pretty
You eat vegetables every day.
Deepika is looking more glamorous than anyone present here , specially janvi kapoor

Where&#39;s her tail gone????????????????????

Deepika capsicum lg ri h
Ananya&#39;s dress was good one

Deepika failed Ranveer
What??? Deepika wearing a dress or a tent..it seems she  was sleeping in a tent nd suddenly she woke up to breaking the roof of the tent...

Big balloon dress
Deepika's dresses always attract me
Jhanvi is a very kind girl

Kaddu

sb bekuf lgri h
Pagal

Everything is good but one thing her green dress is not ironed

Annanya is looking gorgeous
Really deepika padukone has bad dressing sense..

pitch cover tarpaulin
Welp I personally like that dress and besides it rare in India to wear this kind of fashion so people are misleading it



This is a perfect example of she could wear anything and look glamorous

I liked deepika &#39;s dress!
Janvi 
Looks like TarpalRich looze minds
She was high on food, toh apna blanket hi orke chali aayi 
Deepppu your dress is sooo fannnny lookkking

World of fools is Bollywood.

Deepika looks so cute
Drugs leneKa nateeja(deepika)

There is no trace of Ranveer Singh. sidha is from the farm
what the fuck is that shit

it looks like a monkey's tail
Kuch nhi Mila to Apne car Ka cover hi pahan liya

I think that ananya&#39;s dress was most amazing than janvi and deepika. Janvi ne kafi ghatiya dress pehni h lagta h jaise blazer ke liye kapda chhota pad gya tha aur ab wo moti ho gyi isliye button achhe se band nhi ho rhe the . Anything for fame. Ananya was so amazing. Lovely style ananya di 

Ananya is such a darling
Anyways, I liked Ananya's dress the best.. Anyone else ‍
Looks like Dipika is wearing a tambourine at a wedding
Everyone is trolling Deepika but can anyone talk about Jhanvi she is looking so beautiful

They can wear anything for money......nonsence

Oh brother, kill me
Deepika= Jhavi=Anaya=
Jhanvi is so beautiful like her mother

Janhvi Kapoor me dress hi kisliye pehna he 

Ha ek to wo chrsi Deepika pagal type kpde phnti hi h upr se thumbnail me tumne puchh jaisi danthal alg chipka Dimad husband and wife both are chrsi

Look, this is my wife.. that's why I don't know what she is wearing...
When everybody says  deepika is beautifulShe is doing this actions

Love u Deepika️️
Its okay.....but dont forget to hang that curtain again after you reach home

Ek blanket odhke ayihe
Shame

Beautiful  gorgeous janhvikapoor Ji
Bora

nice also wsych<a href=""> ki aavaj... Hilarious one..
Because of this Deepika's dress was also available for free so no one got such a dress
This is very pleasant to see dipika talking picture with her fan  Who else think

Drugi women

What a nonsense, there is nothing special.. She is like a normal girl, she is also without makeup.. Even after undergoing surgery, there is no difference.
Janavi&#39;s face look like a  maid who is going to marry.

deepika is looking like capsicum

Why they wear kind of clothes so they need to have two people to hold it

Wow, what a parachute is Deepika wearing?
Hey Ram?
Look at Janvi's hand and look at Mok
Janvi ki button sahi se bnd ho rhe nhi

What happened to Jhanvi lips? Her natural lips were better than these fake ones

Randi Deepeka is so funny
3.32 I really feel sorry for that guy.Doing help for people like annoying pandey. Who are not even their Hair follicles.

What did you say to Deepika...What did you say about her sense..
Wtf is this dress

Asr of living with Ranveer
Deepika Chodekon
Annaya Pandey struggled to wear that dress lot of struggle no one can go she can struggle the struggle so struggle cannot struggle her again.jai nepotism

Inspired by mad husband ranvir.

Deepika and ranveer after get married they became paagal

Came wearing curtain clothes
Bhootni

I  like  Ananya  dress  . She  is  so  beautiful 
Ananaya's dress is nice. Deepika Ma'am
Ananya you don&#39;t have black heels
Biscoot tv
Wow nice coupleBoth jokers , both over actors and both stupidsHate u soooo much

Janavi looking like boy 

ABBE BETICHOD

Omg jannvi coat was so risky one

Janvi look beautiful

Is it bed sheet

Love u dipika and janhvi

Ananya is looking so preety and breathtakingly beautiful 

Janvi is so weird  look at her dress

She looks just like shimla mirch 

Janvi is very confident and smart

What a fool is this?
At least iron ur clothes

Bhn g fashion k name pr kuch b
HAHaha aaa
So embarrassing and upsetting

Deepika Padukone nice work with out industry father Jannve nice work starting from low then go to High Ananya have industry father f ×10

Wtf is Deepika wearing... I knew that her stylist is shit but Deepika would stoop down to this level lol.. She looks like a bulged up balloon

It&#39;s all abt face glow

Lagta hai janhvi ka blazer chota par gaya

Deepika ️
no one noticed that how pretty ananya was looking

Janhvi is so sweet that she cannot speak like this to anyone.
The dress looks like a paper bag

Deepika look gobhi and ananya look nice , Beautiful and pretty.

Deepika dress like a gobhi.

Ananya is so beautiful.

Black was fine bt i m surprised about her orrrrrange sandli made the odd everything.

When i see that deepika i feel that she is someone else but not the old one.

This looks like a fancy ot gown 

Deepika pagal ho gyi h kya

Black dress is lovely best dressed girl

Why can&#39;t Jhanvi cover her top part ?

Deepika what an odd dress omg. Really bad dressing sense. Unbelievable. Balloon ko odh liya hai

kya hn yr ye green ,
Yeh dono na bohut he gandi dresse pain he hai shame on them

<b>DIPU KIA HAI</b>
Deepika Padukone that dress so funny.     you looking same like potato bag coming one green colour alien. nobody no when that one fly.

Deepika's  dresses are always strange 
I had read the story in childhood about the effect of company, today I am seeing it coming true Huhay Deepu
Hahaha, what a weird dressing senseLooks like someone is trying to add a blanket to the dress.
She should have opted this at metgala than here

Is Ananya's orange sandals matching with what item of her outfit and is she not wearing  <a href="">4:09</a>
Why wont she experiment this kind of style for metgala.she is such a stunning person and can make any one awe..she doesnt go with the theme for events when comes to Hollywood.but experiments in india where there r highchances to get trolled

love you janhvi to Mannat

deepika mam  dress is very dirty

Deepika looks parashot and jhanvi too much exposing 
Sunny deol in gaddar-&quot;arey humne apko 1 cr die the batware k waqt tab jaa k apke sir pr tirpaal ayi thi&quot;..  . . Deepika stole that tirpaal

Dpk is green cancer

Deepika  you are really stylish ️
Kaly boobs wali

Luking lovely

Nobody said anything uneccesry creating misunderstanding

Ranvir ko sudharne bol rhe the sb yha pr to ye khud hi bighad rhi h

What are you wearing?
He seems to be suffering from his husband's illness.
Stop giving misleading title this way you&#39;re spreading hatred against janhvi..Janhvi didnt say anything like thatDont write anything  for views

She is  Unique dipi
Compared to deep janvi worst ..how beauty deepi ..

the parrot is looking
Professional ran.. Dis

 depu is my favorite but this dress is worst
