Hhhhh

Ye rishta kq tut jate

I love RK&#39;s voice. It is manly and tender...

There is no liplock or skin show in this movie! - Karan Johar confirmed!I think it&#39;s gonna be EPIC! Woof!

can&#39;t wait now

RK rocks

Nice

nice

nice

Simply WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

her voice getting back to where it started! from looks to her voice, she&#39;s getting more and more youthful each day

Too bad she only has 20 minutes role in the film

please add eng. subtitles! thank u!

feel sorry for Abhishek.. movie will be boring.. will still watch for Ash

I am gonna watch this movie for Aishwarya and the music

This movie going to be MAHA Boring..I can tell 

why dont add subs !

wohhhhhh ... ash v

He dialogue delivery is a crappy as always ...thank god she has just a small part in the movie.

aishwarya and ranbir ara so cute couple

ds movie will hit  n everyone eager to watch ds only for  Aishwarya n Ranbir kapoor 

dont watch this shit film

Her voice is melodious so poise I think after devdas this film is her career best..

wowwww

Bhai ye aurat kya kar ke manegi 

Wow aish

i think you guys have not seen yet Shivay&#39;s dialogue  promo..   nothing is looking  promising in ADHM  except Songs and Ranbir&#39;s acting  (no doubt  about his acting he does in every movie but he is not doing  good movies . he is just going with director not with story )

wonderful. picturization and chemistry is superrrrr

I liked this very much

ash voice is so sweet

Respected Ranbir Kapoor, it appears that,Karan Johar is not your cup of Coffee! Aap ek Funnkar ho! Jiski Jhankaar sirf aur Sirf Imtiaz Ali Sir jese Storyteller ke sath hi aa sakti he! Good Luck for ADHM!

Respected Ranbir Kapoor, it appears that,Karan Johar is not your cup of Coffee! Aap ek Funnkar ho! Jiski Jhankaar sirf aur Sirf Imtiaz Ali Sir jese Storyteller ke sath hi aa sakti he! Good Luck for ADHM!

How many of u believe in KJos nautanki hi has done yesterday..I dont..I will not watch ADHM

i like ash ranbir.chemistry dan anushka ranbir ...i ll watch it fa ash and ranbir

Thumbs up for Aishwarya/Ranbir chemistry 

Cheesy Crap

fuck off... milf porn

no kiss pls

Sizzling hot chemistry..

Gorgeous Aishwarya.. love her sensous voice.. chemistry with Ranbir is killing!! Goodness.

Wow wow.... Ash is best

Awesome Dialogue

someone  please translate

in rishton ke rule kiya hoge???jo aasani se tot jaye.. loved it. Damn gud dialogues

Wowwwwwww 

wooow all Time blockbuster...Shivaay toh giyo bc movie madorchod

wooow all Time blockbuster...Shivaay toh giyo bc movie madorchod

Bomb..  Sooper hott

Hot hot hot!

Bombbb.... Chemistry 

Ranbir &amp; Anushka&#39;s chemistry is way better 

Goose Bumps when the song plays &quot; Ranjhan de yaar Bulleya&quot;

Didn&#39;t get a word they were saying 

waiting
