Jersey (2022) Watch Now HD<del>Son unos de los mejores</del> <a href="">eye.netizenn.one</a>los  mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer  .Tu..belleza.viaja.al.universo.se.reune.con.estrellas.y.luceros...tu.mirada.enamora.al.sol.....tu.hermosura.quedara.por..una.eternidad. en .los.corazonede.tus.admiradores......felizNavidad.y.noche.buena....mis. respeto .para.todas.las.mujes.del.mundo...saludos..al.fin.del.mundo

Jersey Movie | Release Date Changed | Watch My Updates-<a href="">

श्री शाहिद कपूर अभिनेता, श्री मति मीरा राजपूत कपूर अभिनेत्री बेटे श्री जेन कपूर जेड अभिनेता को नववर्ष हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं बंधाई विश्व आदिवासी दिवस 09 अगस्त पर शुभकामनाएं बधाई नये भविष्य में सबसे अधिक लोकप्रिय श्रेष्ठ पुरस्कार प्राप्त होने पर बधाई नववर्ष हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं बंधाई 2022 श्री राजेशखराडी सर

श्री शाहिद कपूर अभिनेता, श्री जेन कपूर जेड अभिनेता श्री मति मीरा राजपूत कपूर अभिनेत्री सभी पात्रों सदस्यों को जर्सी मूवीज़ के लिए नववर्ष हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं बंधाई विश्व आदिवासी दिवस 09 अगस्त पर शुभकामनाएं बधाई नये भविष्य में सबसे अधिक लोकप्रिय श्रेष्ठ पुरस्कार प्राप्त होने पर बधाई नववर्ष हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं बंधाई कार्य सम्मान समारोह आयोजित किया गया है थेटर टेलीविजन मोबाईल लेबटाप कम्प्यूटर बड़े पर्दे पर परीवार की दुनिया में सबसे अधिक लोकप्रिय श्रेष्ठ पुरस्कार प्राप्त होने पर बधाई नववर्ष हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं बंधाई कार्य सम्मान समारोह आयोजित किया गया है नववर्ष हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं बंधाई कार्य सम्मान समारोह आयोजित किया गया है नववर्ष हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं बंधाई 2022 श्री राजेशखराडी सर

JERSEY (2019) hindi dubbed<a href="">

Abh hua original trailer not release samjha

Very nice,another blockbuster from Shahid Kapoor

Bakwaas

Defence Aspirants are here for Maj.Rudrashish Majumdar

even tho this is fake, but kudos to the editor

Are Shahid Kapoor Kitna south ke movie copy paste karega

No one can replace nani action emotion not even dailoge

Copy sala writter producer director

KamineyHaider R rajkumarUdta Punjab PadmavatKabir singh Now jersey Shahid Kapur is one those who can pull up any role

Kuch bhi karalo Naani jaisa Koi NaniNaani is the great Actor

Nani is best not sahid poor

Shid hai copy book Jo Telugu jersey movie hindhi  main remak Kar raha hai sasti shid . Sale ganjakhor

HomanowamomoshindeyuNaniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

Quero na Netflix...

Shahid Kapoor picks movie which are tend to flop

Hya Song Sathi Yash narvekar la theva.

Dekh Ke nahi

Beta dum hai na to apne se bana

Chutiya bana raha hai alag alag move se sine cat ke dala hai

Literally no one can remake this movie

Fake trailer

How much will be they try they cannot bear natural star nani



why do you create a fake trailer..damn.

COPY KARTE HUE SHARAM NHI AATI KYA TUMHE....SALE LOSERS

Fake

Boycott Shahid Kapoor...Sushant Singh Rajput was bullying by Shahid Kapoor....Justice for SSR 🇮🇳

Some foolish people prepare such videos,,,

people are so innocent that they are taking it serious 

Nani

Nani do best act in jersy.   No  One. Can beat him.  We all are fan of south actor&#39;s

No one can act like a nani sir he is something else. Bollywood log kitna cheater hai hm audience ko kitna tageega kuch achaa inspiration bala movie tho nahi detee bass paisa ke pechee he bagte hai Seme on you.

There was only one character in Bollywood, a player and no one could remove him as a skilled actor️SSR️Not everyone can take on all the characters they wantI advise all of you please watch the movie (South) <a href="">#Jersey</a> This is amazing because it is not made by any crappy Bollywood actor.  If anyone agrees with this comment, please like and agreeWe Miss you <a href="">#SSR</a>️

Beautiful Murnal thakur



Nani acting was great. No one compare with him in this movie. In V movie also he done a strong character wow great.

no interest Bollywood

I love this sauth movie

I love this tollywood

Nani is the best actor

Fake information

Fake one

nani is Natural ....

Nani is nani no any comparasion to him

Fake

Wow what a editing ms dhoni clips , sachin clips , super 30 clips  and kabir  singh clips . 

Sandaas remakes never fail to disappoint

Nani..

Jersey️

Super 30, Jersey (tollywood) ,MS Dhoni. And others...a video made by mixup of these movie scenes

nanis

REMAKEWOOD ‍️

Natural star nani&#39;s acting is more better than this shit remake star shahid kapoor acting... Boycott Bollywood

This was fake trailer. All cricket movies made into one trailer

Remake boycott this movie

Nani is natural star his acting is natural

nanis 

i really hate when big actor,producers,directors remake a movie and grab all its attentions

Isse achcha to South ka majili ka remek banana tha

Original is best .....no one can compete nani

Fake 

We want justice and boycott Bollywood,  original original hota hai or remake remake hota hai.

Ye kya bawaseer h be Kuch sharam kr bollywood kbhi to khud ka bnao kuch

Good decision shahid kapoor sir All the best

Kuch banaya hai Chutiyapa kar raha hai Tu

Bollywood ka name jaldi change karna hoga Let&#39;s call remakewood instead of bollywood Remake pa remake  muja nahi dakna ab bollywood

Thanks for this video

ᴍᴀᴅᴇʀxʜᴏᴅ

Ye nakli teaser h yr dusri movies se copy kiye h scene

North side all copy our South Indian

And its a fan made

background music name please?

U fool

Fake

Shahid is a great actor that he has nothing to prove to anybody. I am bit concerned about this movie though. The original movie made in Telugu is like a masterpiece in a way like we don’t see the actors as merely acting except for 1-2 negligible scenes... take it the kid, heroine, character artists and what not (don’t even need to talk about the protagonist played by the natural star Nani). I guess, many Hindi ppl also are watching the dubbed version of it and getting connected. When it’s made in Bollywood, they may, as usual but not always, try to change the script and screenplay of the masterpiece in the name of making it suitable for Bollywood audience per their own observations. Regardless, if Shahid wants take it up considering all these challenges and work for this movie, I will sure like to watch his movie. Great actors take great challenges. He will work hard for sure and I hope that his hard work pays off. Thanks

Original flim ko q remake karte ho

Hat

Why Bollywood depending on tollywood

Teri maki

Lol its nit real... the man is making us fool he has cut many movieds seen and join to make us fool

It&#39;s. Foolish..work..for sahid Kapoor

Hamko smjh ni aata bollywood itna chutiya kaise h  ..  ye q south ki movies ki copy karte h...     hmlog to bollywood se jyada south movies dekhte h..    Aur ye movie hm ni dekhne wale.

Nice editing

Boycott shahid

Hey guys shaihd japoor half moive is made in Chandigarh and his vanty van in our school or Kareem paoor is vanty van and my friends and Im trying climb his vanty van he is in jw married hotel .  I have also met with him when he is going to shoot his movie .

All Shahid is trying to do is springboard off someone elses success like kabir sing,

Fake videos

Bollywood depends only tollywood

Love you shahid 

<a href="">0:57</a> scene of Kabir Singh

Suth ala ki kya copy krtya h

Ye bollywood madurchod ke log bina copy kie ek Film Nehi bana sakte kya sirf South se copy kar te he bc

Saala kitna ullu banaega

Imposter..

Or kuch nhi mil rha h bolliwood walo ko south ki moovi copy kr rh h

I&#39;ve watched jersey original movie of GOLDMINES it was awesome. I don&#39;t need to watch remake

Copy movie South ka he jarsy

Nani is Nani....Shahid abhi baccha hai.

Kya yrr  fir se copy paste..... Kapde to khud ke haina,ya fir vo bhi udhaar ke h

Again copy paste of South movies...Nani is Nani.. Bollywood can never replace south actors...And the level of Nani acting they can&#39;t touch

It would have suits sushant more then sahid 

, fake trailer

This isn&#39;t the official trailer . This guy is making you fool by joining various trailers and movie clips together and I can see so many fools in the comment sections 

Wtf attached pieces from telugu jersy n mrunal from other movie.. this is fake trailer

Seriously nani is best nt u

Original is original. No need to watch remake

No innovative ideas.just copying.

Ye kya chutiya banate ho official trailer likh ke . Dusre movies ke scene merge krke official trailer ka naam de diye 

Sale no sahid kapior

No one can beats natural star nanis action

Ohh god  why why why....?? Only No one can replace Nani️

<a href="">1:07</a> that was the scene of Super 30 movie

Fake !

Faltu.Dislike maroooo

Shaheed made a fun of SSR in a award function the way Bollywood treated him it shows they all were jealous of him.. Disliked and reported.. Boycott Bullyweed

Fake video hai...Ashok dinda ke uper moove ka chura ke

Love you so much shahid kapoor 

Only suits for nani... Who the hell ru?

Drugisst Shahid Kapoor

More dislikes please  <a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

Wow again attb movie love u yr shahid

Bollywood wale bhukhe aata hai sirf copy Karni Tollywood ki movie

<a href="">#boycottshahidkapoor</a>

Kon kon ish trailer ko dislike karne wala hai

Fake video 

Is this also a remake ? Then it&#39;s enough to watch the real one. No need to watch again.

Dislikes are lower than likes. What happend. Sub bhool Gaya hamara lakshy. Our   slogan is boycott Bollywood  .

Only copy to south ha make by your self you dafer stupdy bollywood. respect south they make by ther own.. like..i know south also but bollywood copy toteley

Abe Kabhi khud Ka Kuch banao.Copy Karna band karo

साउथ की पिकचर की फुल कॉपी

I love you shahid kapoor  

Nice

Get ready for dislikes butchers

Let&#39;s remember that Shahid Kapoor was one of those cartoons who who made fun of Sushant Singh Rajput on stage with Shahrukh. NOW IT OUR TURN.

Sushant k saath jo tumne kiya wo thik nhi tha Shahid...that&#39;s why I m going to dislike u.

44

<a href="">



Jo jo dislike karne aaya he wo yhan like kare 1m dislikes karna he 1 dayRip shusant sir

I have seen 26 min it upload

I have done 2 nd comment

Wait South Indian movie kgf 2
