Request you&#39;ll to read up on Substance Use Disorders. The term &quot; addict&quot; is hardly ever used these days, the least you&#39;ll can do is sto adding to the stigma and discrimination this community faces already. Why does our government ovide harm reduction services?

Honey Singh didn&#39;t disappear because of drugs; he had bipolar disorder, and he was curing that.

Nashedi

Celebs meaning they are not human?!?! When normal ppl do drugs and drink alcohol un log ko kuc nahi bolte celebs ne kiya toh dont follow bollywood dont watch movies of them ..are live a life you people un log ka paisa un log ko kuch bhi karne do humme kya...you people are the ones who are wrong in this perspective...have the celebs told to follow them, to dress like them, to look upto them nahi na phir kya tum logo ko itna kujli?? As audience see their movies acha laga toh good nahi tph topic ko chodo...they do movies for earning money what ull get from spreading hate about them kuch milta hein? nahi..aa jate hein time waste karne ke liye.

Vijay raaz, not Viyaz raaz

Weed ain’t bad tho

I have seen some videos where youtubers shows some place when they tour where they get weed and say they do that, I&#39;m not promoting, I didn&#39;t know weed was drug.

Bhai kuch bhi ha apni hi country ke star ha

Bollywood nahi Drugwood.

Seems like many got into addiction after they reached the top

Honey Singh is not drug addicted he was fighting with bipolar disorder

I don’t consider weed a drug

We don&#39;t need to be stars , being simple layman is utmost merriment ️

These druggi are not our Hero  boycott druggi Bollywood 

Nice 

Friend, Lord Jesus Christ is the Only Way to Heaven. Repent &amp; Accept him as Your Personal Saviour. He will accept You as his Child. See You in Heaven. God Bless... ️

Watching these videos is waste of time

I m also used drugs especially  u  know hashish   charas what a wonderful drugs

Send this to JAYA BACHANA TO UPGRADE HER KNOWLEDGE ABOUT BOLLYWOOD AND DRUGS IN BOLLYWOOD.WE Want drug free India

saala lagta shahrukh khan ki puri family nashedi hai

Drug destroy everything in life whether in rich or poor families, ts a retardable  bomb.

Don&#39;t talk bad about who are dead

Summary : Whole Bollywood

Carry ur own cross

Who makes these shit videos without any proof

Just a clarity for admin who posted video.marijuana is not a drug.

It  means that all d actors n actresses of Bollywood r drug addict.

Jay Saha son of Amit Saha is a big durg addict .. provided by Adani uncle

Now we know where Aryan Khan picked this bad drug habit. Gauri n SRK should be ashamed  of themselves

All d druggies all d big stars and sameer aint ketch them yet what u waitin for sir because he likes children so he can beat them up

Yahi agar Amitabh bachan ka beta hota jail me to Bollywood aur media Zaroor bolta Shah Rukh ko Muslim hone ki saza mil rahi hai

Gauri khan ne accha Training diya.

im here after Ayran Khan detained by NCB, just to confirmed back about his mom. So no onw should back up this SRK family after all they totally involved and carry their life with drugs. I feel sorry for people who stupidly and blindly support SRK family. They are totally part of shameful bollywood

Kinta logo ka name batenge sab ke sab drug addicted hai..

I am here after 20 days of Aryan khan’s arrest

Where is Aryan khan lol Aryan be like : main karu to saala character dheela hai

Arjit is in drugs? Because this expresion and eyes is like that he is in drug.

रियल हीरो विश्व के टॉप एक्टर &quot;जैकी चैन&quot; के बेटे &quot;जैसी&quot; को  2014 में ड्रग्स मामले में पकड़ा गया था, उसे 3 साल की सजा हुई थी और उसको 6 महीने की जेल काटनी पड़ी थी !कहते है जब बेटा अरेस्ट हुआ तब जैकी ना तो उससे मिलने गए ,ना अंडरग्राउंड हुए और ना ही अपने प्रभाव का इस्तेमाल उसकी किसी भी मदद के लिए किया ! जैकी ने बाद में बेटे के इस कृत्य पर सभी से मिडिया में पब्लिकली देश से माफ़ी मांगी थी और कहा की इसके लिए मेरा बेटा तो जिम्मेदार है ही साथ ही मै भी जिम्मेदार हूँ, शर्मिंदा हूँ शायद मेरी परवरिश में ही कुछ कमी रही होगी जो बेटे को सही वैल्यूज ना दे सका, आप सभी लोग ड्रग्स से दूर रहे, ये समाज के लिए बहुत खतरनाक है !कहते है बाद में जैकी चैन ने अपनी अरबो खरबो की सारी संपत्ति चैरिटी कर दी और कहा अगर मेरा बेटा लायक हुआ तो खुद कमा लेगा अन्यथा वो इसे भी व्यर्थ गवां देगा !दुःख की बात ये है कि हमारे यहाँ ऐसी घटिया हरकतें करने वाले बेटों के बाप और उनके कथित शुभचिंतक, ऐसी घटनाओं पर शर्मसार होने के बजाय अपने बेटों के साथ खड़े होकर उनकी हरकतों का खुल कर समर्थन देते प्रतीत होते है !

Vijay raj koun hai bhai vijay raj hai vo

Hrithik wife and honey sigh is bollywood?????

Aryan Khan took drugs as drugs is halal in Islam so Aryan khan is  a true muslim since by consuming drugs he is doing halal things mentioned in islam

Ye to bhai kch bi nh h.....agr sb celebrity k ghr pr raid maroge to 20000 kg drug milega...ye consumer hi nh saale bechte bi h...narco terrorist h every druggywood

Deepika kidar h bhai

get real guys -  acting is not an easy job.  for such kind of energy and re-takes for sure they need the support of steroids and drugs and they take it, else crores of income is at stake..everyone in Bwood consumes it.

Fardeen khan was the head of narcotics control board so he needed to taste the stuff to make sure it was real cocaine

What a rubbish video... bloody idiots!

Parveen were murdered get your facts right

Thuuuuuuuuuu

Sab sale new generation nashedi.....maha Kalyug.

Fardeen khan yes failed actor

Sanjay dut tho abhu.bhi addict hi dikththa  hai

Hrithik did the right thing left the the addict

Please get your English right. If you don&#39;t know the language, it&#39;s perfectly fine. Use Hindi then. But don&#39;t peddle half-truths and misinformation in such videos.

Where is Shraddha kapoor in the list??

Add the name of ariyan Khan .

Aryan khan

Ssr is missing in list

Sanjay Dutt is the boss of drugs and mafia

Boycott druggiewood

Aryan 

Idk why India views drug users as monsters

The political persons are risposible to treble situations only.

Who really cares that&#39;s their life they&#39;re living in as they choose to

We even don&#39;t know how our generation rapidly going into Addiction.Students took stimulants in higher rate.Even we don&#39;t know what type of things students use...Nail paint removet, thinner, kerosine oil and many more things..

This is how 70% of bollywood stars spend their income. And they think that as a status badge.

What? Weed ? Its legal in many countries. Its harmless

marijuana kbse drug ho gya ptani ky sochte sb kya hotaa hoga itna kuj n norml hotaa jo n krta usko esi lgta

Not viyaz raaz he&#39;s Vijay Raaz 

They&#39;re human. Not Gods as you treat them in India. Humans are imperfect. Anyway, it&#39;s their money. They can spend it how they want to.

Still the same

You have left out all of the people making news these days !

Thank god shraddha is not their

My goodness, Bollywood Druggiewood is really an evil place with evil people.  Hide your families from these people.

Can&#39;t understand drug,marijuana addiction.Any type of addiction is dangerous but why do people intentionally destroy their life?

When Kangana says 98%,, she Means all except few senior actors.

Yo yo craze just start,,,,,

Chhhiii hm ese tatti logo ko hero keh rhe hai ‍️

A PERSON APPEARS TO BE DRUG ADDICTED CONDITION MEANS HE HAS NO CONTROL OVER HIS MIND OR ALWAYS EXPLORES FOR DREAMS OF UNREALISTIC MATTERS.

Boycott Bollywood forever

honey promotes alcohol and drinks it - at least not hypocrite

Sorry to say that Gauri Khan and suzaain Khan are not Star s .... they are just a Star  wife  ...

shah rukh’s wife and children are also into drugs and so called king of bollywood

Boycott Bollywood for ever and shut them down because they are all murderers and drug dealers and druggies

You don&#39;t go to rehab for Marijuana it is not a hard drugThe maker of this video has little to no knowledge of drugs

Superb

फिर भी हमारी इंडियन gov इनके तलबे चाटती है और सिंपल इनोसेंट को मार कर ड्रगिस्ट बोलते है।क्या ये मुल्क या मजाक है

Why do these guys take drugs at the peak of their career with so much money and fame.

Outsiders are drug addict

Surprised to hear about Ranbir Kapoor

Ye hein gutterwood

Most of them are women

contact for 8104716124 md.

vijay raaz was a drug delivery boy  when he was caught in the airport at that time he was a struggler and was an unknown actor so how he afford drugs it was impossible for him If you would say that in this time he was caught then i will agree with it 

I don&#39;t honey singh was in drug addiction because he never accepts it but except him everyone in your list accepted their addiction 

Wackos they&#39;re all bunch of wackos.

The best drug faced photo I like was Sunjay dutts. It made him look very funny in the zombie pose. I bet he can’t give a facial expression like that when his sobber.

nowadays indian film industries is going down but i want to tell you that whether its hollywood or bollywood each and every industry have bad side that does not mean you will ignore it i mean in india today we are supporting kpop and chinese industry but i want to tell you that they are wrost than bollywood because nowdays bollywood is somewhere open and transperent but kpop act as all innocent they are wrost if you like there music support it but dont increase there economy they are not what they show

Sushant singh rajput 

Who cares man 

Gauri khan I&#39;m really shocked. She has 3 children and wife of shahrukh Khan i can&#39;t imagine she can do this kind of nasty things

Good going ranbir kapoor..keep it up

Aur ye chutiye hamare youth ko motivate karne aye hai

M from Ludhiana Punjab. India. I want to earn money at any cost. Give me some work. M very loyal guy.  Plzzzz help me to find work .

She forgot to mention kangana &amp; Deepika

Phele drug Karo phir rehabilitation centre hai bhaut badiya

How you getting all this information ‍️

Love you sanju baba 

Boycott Bollywood Mafia !!!

Many are in light drugs such as marijuana hasish ect not hard drugs or injections otherwise it would be virtually impossible for most to quite forever

Why shud we care..thy r just actors...

Ranbir said he doesn’t likes alcohol

Marijuana(weed) is not a drug guys

Pehla naam hin lord ranbir ka

Who tf are these ppl?

1. Weed is not a drug. It has the least addictive ratio , even coffee is more addictive 2. Treat addicts as addicts and not criminals. 3. Understand the simple fact that even celebrity is human.4. Just because you are a person with no addiction doesn&#39;t mean you&#39;re automatically a good person and the vice versa. To think like that you should be fuckin stupid.5. Success comes at a price. It is very difficult to maintain that level on a personal level. Even those of us who are just living our lives find its very difficult when we face certain situations. 6. Everyone copes with sadness in their own ways. But addiction is not the answer, they need more support and love.Hypocrisy in these comments make me want to puke

it’s Vijay Raaz not Viyaz raaz

Omg.......plz boycott n ban this filthy industry once n for all......save our next generation n society

Acha, Saale Sab drug le le ke.aadhe paagal hoke. Ajeeb se hoke. Dukhi se hoke. Jindagi se pareshan hoke. Galat adaton se pareshaan hoke mar jaayen

Ranbeer Kapoor sabse badha charsi hai Sanjay dutt ke baad aur ye Honey Singh to bana Rahim ban Gaya h ekdam aur ye gauri Khan ko Kya gham h nahi isko bhi doosra Arjun type chahiye...sab line se charsi hain aesa lagta h Bollywood jese zamin pe narak

sanju doesnt take drugs now ..

Yes see guys not only in sandalwood the drugs cases find in every film and business industries it will take place. So no one is great no one is cheap. Only God,our indian soldiers and farmers are great Jai karnataka Jai Hind 

S.R.K very proud of his family bt bolshuti his wife sleeping in drags She is such dirty woman wit drags she is not ashamed mother of 3 kid ..How y can be a good mother bt u r not

I am here after Sushant Singh death.

And all these drug addicts say SUSHANTH SINGH RAJPUT is a drug addict

Weed is not addictive

Meena kumari was an alcoholic not a drug addict.

Are nahi.sabhi bsdk k drugs letey hai

राजेन्द्र राम से बात करने का कोई साधन नहीं हैI hate this type of computer language

राजेन्द्र राम से बात करने का कोई साधन नहीं है

Boycott Bollywood

For drug withdrawal 7014164607

Excuse me it&#39;s not viyaz it&#39;s Vijay  raaz

Bollywood is druggy really

Do all bollywood actors take drugs

May they die soon

Wow... This video is so bad.

Divorce makes women drug addiction Lord safe theirs life

All

And I am Smoky evening addict 

Please add deepika, Sarah Ali khan and others too

Tell us something new, idk why they are making such a fuss over drugs these days. Is this new? didn&#39;t each one of us knew this before? Even teenagers are getting involved in drugs these days.

Weed is not a drugPade likey soot boot waaleIt&#39;s organic

Lady talking from India? Lol I want Indica now 

Where are rhea, Sara , rakul and deepika

આ લોકોને ગળથૂથીમાં દેતા હશે.

All they have is money... money can’t buy happiness though.

I love south Indian movies l have so much respect for them coz they don&#39;t forget there culture

This thing look inocent but lots of stink they should help the poors who sleep on streets with ther money than drugs n partys

Disgrace n shame on bollywood

Agar yen Haramkhoroko saza nahi mila to ye sabit ho jayega ki Kanoon adha hi nahi langada ,loola, bhaira, gunga, bewakoof bhi hai

ab ncb janch nhi karegi ab tum karoge sari because u know celebrities who are addicted

I can’t believe this.  Terrible people.

Susan khan a druggie?

Deepika, reha chakraborty sushant, pay me for new information

Almighty has created human being as super creature a dignified being that he orders agels to bow him.But pity on human beings they have made themselves  gutter precipitation.

Is that Priyanka chopra sniffing something.

Whats wrong with ur voice

issme deepika ,sara, shraddha , rakul, dia mirja , namrata shirodkar, rhea ke name kyu ni h bhai ,,,,,, bhul gy inko

arrest them

all

Bakwas 99% of bollywood people are drug addicts..

Ye durg matter har Kisi ko pta h fir v khule aam desh me tamasha ho rha tha ,NCB n Government Kaha the itne time se ,such a shame ?? This is why we lost our Sushant !

mamta kulkarni was  never a drug addict but involved with probably drug cartel as ive read nd heard  about  as she has been in a relationship with one of the men

Mam then why not they are summoned by NCB. is it a fair. I think they should also summoned by NCB

Pura bhart ka Pisa ye Bollywood wale uda rhe hai band ker do ban laga  do tab ye sale road me aynge

Iam from Bangladesh...and now I know that why are indian are expert in acting. . they&#39;re drug addicted

I&#39;m hear after they&#39;re in jail 

Hrithik didn&#39;t divorce his wife. His wife divorced him for cheating

Total bull shit.

R u nuts !!! Don&#39;t just bark  for views!! R u sure yo yo honey was in rehabilitation center ???? His mental health was not good and he was frightened seing each and everything!!!! His Crazein bollywood is still  god dam high u understood 

Sale saarh ganja fukte the

Manisha was not drugs addicted she was alcohol addiction stupid people don’t spread false news

Guari wooow that sad because I  love srk

So you freakin predicted it way before its official parda-faash 

Deepika ka name nhi hai ismae sale sb ke sb nashedii hai

Meena Kumari was alchoholic not a drug addict..get yr facts checked..

It&#39;s too much now.. boycott these druggies

Saare drugs hain saale

Ye sale sab charsi gangd gain

Now its all opening up️

Promod Mahajan k bete se shuru karo...

These celebrities are only human and they need help. Stop bullying them.

Nothing wrong with a little weed

Give hugs to Defence Forces Kick away celebrities from life

Now I get, what Kangana says is so true....

What about Mahesh Bhatt?

Vijay raaz ko viyaaz raaz bana diya

Since when is Rahul Mahajan a Bollywood Star??

I do drugs grape water ... 

How do you know about this

RIP English

Its vijay raaz.

why am i even here lmao

Shame on us ..Jo hum inn Drugs addicts ki movies dekhte hai..

Shame to the public if they still consider bollywood movies to be produced

Omg homey singh poor guy

Kangana Ranaut

Weed is not a drug, it&#39;s cannnbis, fix your information.

Arrest Karan Johar, he is a drug lord.

Don’t worry Ranvir,that bloody old takalu’s daughter will surely give you peace on the instruction of takalu.Takalu has 60 years of experience in that field.

wht gauri khan, meena kumari,   really gauri khan no never

who is here after rhea got arrested

Tatti ki tarah yeh video hai

&#39;तेरी मा और बेहेन का फोटो नही है इसमे

Isme salman khan ka name kyu nhi haiSab mile hue hai sale

Too much of money and Fame then the next thing is DRugs.

Give chance to new comers  actors from small village and cities Manoj bajpayee Nawazudin siddiqi Pankaj tripathi Deepak dobriyal Bijendra Kala Sudhanshu pandey Rajkumar Rao Siddhanth chaturvedi Vinay pathak Abhishekh banerjee Kumud Mishra Debyendu bhattacharya Mukesh Tiwari Abyendu sharma Murli sharma Yash Pal sharma Varun sharma Radhika apte Kartik aryaan

On observing this video.  It looks like at the peak if career actors are made addicted to drugs.  So bad.

Vicky Kaushal bhi drugs karta hai....But in public, he&#39;s pretending to be clean....

Shame on them They call themselves hero and heroines and on other hand doing such cheap thingsThey are so different in realityWhat they show us in movies it is just acting

What are your sources?

Many addicted stars are not in this group

We simple people in business and jobs have a much better and happier and healthy life than minting money overnight and taking to drugs.

Bycot Bollywood justice for sushant!!

Waah Viyaz Raaz Aur Ranbir Kapoor addicted during school days!! Toh abhi konsa clean hai woh Honey Singh due to his drug addiction disappeared for 3 years and lost his craze but what about Sanjay Dutt who never lost his craze  Why Honey not Sanjay?Sussanne Khan&#39;s drug addiction (Arjun Rampal not mentioned) 

This is only a short list

Clearly ttrue.....

Aa salo ko niche karne ke liye Bollywood Mafia dwara drugs Diya jata tha

All r khans

Drugsi kutte h sab sale

Even Sara Ali Khan is drug addicts

Bolna aata hai kya ? AUR spelling aati hai ? It&#39;s Vijay. Not viyaz. Ullu

Most of them are very good actors..It feels if you wanna be in Bollywood, you have to be smart since you need to deal with drug addicts and not become a drug addict

All these people supported rhea idiots

Meena kumari was not druggist but she take alchol whats the rubbist people in bollywood finally boycott bollywood

BOYCOTT their movies for ever..let them learn to be a good human being first..what kind of values do they impart  to our youth and society..AWFUL lot and led into criminal activities..CLAMP them hard..

pls arrest all

Bollywood Gutter-is-stan. Boycott Bollywood.

Who love republic like here

You missed Kangana Ranaut 

I dont understand how the look normal, beautiful and energetic most of the time while taking drugs.

Tatti editing math a r cho d editing

Gauri khan shame finished sharukh khans money

Editing is shit

What there parents were doing when these all rich druggies were kids

Itne logo ka drag ka tha wo flim mo se nikal gye sirf lekin sushant apni life se ab kya kahoge

Sab bosdiwalw he JAIL jayengee

We should not watch movies in theatres of this people. Stay away from this and have some usefull work in life.  Focus on self growth.

Waiting for 25 names

Ma niggaz... weed is not drugs.

None of this is true, made up by media

Riya arrested

Boycott in chutiyapa

Honey Singh was not an drug addict he got took down because of his alcoholism , pls stop spreading these rumours

Inki shakle Dekho Dekhne me bhi nashedi lag rhe hai

EVERY ONE IN THIS DIRTY DISGUSTING CRUMBLING INDUSTRY ARE DRUGGIES AND THEY SUPPORT EACH OTHER A D THAT IS WHY NO ONE OPENED THEIR MOUTHS - THIS IS AN EYE OPENER FOR US AND WE SHOULD IGNORE THEM COMPLETELY AND NOT WATCH THEIR MOVIES - WE SHOULD SUPPORT THE INDIAN ARMY WHO ARE SACRIFICING THEIR LIVES FOR US NOT THESE GUNDAS - NO NO NO NO !!!

Bitches

Salman Khan, Shahrukh

How come salman, suraj names are not on the list?

Pay to watch Bollywood movies and at the same time indirectly helping those drug mafia/suppliers to earn millions of illegal income.

They are not make people but shame on the name Khan and Muslim community where alcohol and drugs are haram.

Drugwood के गुलाम मे मेरा नाम नही हे

All are druger boycott Bollywood Varna ya India ko Barbad Kar dega

NCB should Arrest Gouri Khan

Its Vijay Raaz, not Viyaz

What&#39;s there to like, and with whom to share ?

Mughe bhi nsha ho gya hai tumhare pyar ka tumhara kya khyal hai mere liye jannu

Bollywood  is  full of  drug  addict S.  How  can  anybody  watch  their  natak paying  their  hard  earnt  

Bollywood is drug

Ohh my god. Don&#39;t tell me they are stars, druggies. How can they represent Indian cinema. Such a disgrace

Keep it up..nice u r doing great job of waking up ppl

Don&#39;t follow blindly any of such person

Drugs are used to keep them in line by the big players.Makes it easier to control them.

All are drug addicted.

MEENA KUMARI WS ALCOHOLIC NOT A DRUG ADDICT .WRONG STATEMENT.

Sab bde baap ke bigde aulade hai to ye sab aam bat hai insbko jail bhej dena chahiye Bycott all actor&#39;s 

Parvin babe nhi leti thi durgs

CBI needs to investigate murders cum suicides happened within one month span :1] Manmeet Greewal [May -15] (SSR&#39;s friend) murdered2] Preksha Mehtha [May -26] (SSR&#39;s friend) murdered 3] Krish kapur [May -31] ( SSR&#39;s friend &amp; &quot;Jalebi Movie&quot; casting director)murdered4] Disha Salion [June -8] (SSR&#39;s manager) raped &amp; murdered5] Samir Bangara [June -14] (SSR&#39;s friend) allegedly got road accident on june14&#39;s early morning6] Sushant Singh Rajput [June -14] ( of India) drugged &amp; murdered7] Anandi Dhawan  [June 14) Missing/Fugitive/Murdered.. till date ,some news channels/youtubers are saying that the 2nd dead body with SSR&#39;s was of her8] Steve Pinto [June 14] Missing/fugitive/Murdered9] Vijay Salgaonkar [June 14] Missing/Fugitive/Murdered (please to know that now he is alive &amp; safe..thank God)10]Sameer Sharma [August -5] (SSR&#39;s friend TV actor) brutally &amp; heinously murdered.... global shame on dawood-lead-bollywood..

Boycott Bollywood. The druggists

Bollywood should be named Druggiwood! Fuckin idiots , man ! So pathetic, they never or can ever be like the Westerners) true but) so pathetic!

BULLYwood is a disgusting place. Need to be shut down. Not a good example for the youth and upcoming generations

Udta Bollywood

Salman khan kha he sbkse bda nasedi

Bollywood is a gatar they are not drug addict by depression they are addict by their parties, funs, music masti.

Remember Chursee actors are always bogus people.

Ya

Honey Singh is so ugly. Roadside creature.

What about Mouni Roy.

Not srars instead of gatars&#39; kida

Those faces seem as if been starved of life&#39;s spiritual blissfullness.

Deepika malaika, varun dhawan zoya akhtar vicky kaushal add them too list too.

Most of them are female!!

Hrithik is a culprit too..both husband and wife are druggie..

At <a href="">2:32</a> Kya ye Manisha koirala hai!!!!!

Gauri khan ye to rendi type he

All gone fat and ugly. Druggists lovers.

No wonder they have cancer

Cant these idiots just make films and keep quite ?

Lmfao here after watching all videos in yt

So sad... why????

We can easily make out from their faces , eyes that they r addicts. Initially when they start the career they look good n innocent but after 1r2 movies their face itself looks as if they hv grown 10yrs older... eyes r puffed n drowzy looks ....all r addicts ...they r not to be called celebrities ..r ..stars ...they don&#39;t even deserve to be called actors ....just entertainers....

And poor audiences pay to make this USELESS ACTORS TO BE RICH...

Charsi nashedi kahin k ye kya india k hero heroine banege

Honey is not a Honey.

Ooo my God ye log drugi h

Thier life is full shit and shit money! I&#39;m so so happy with my simple life.

Now I can understand why r they facing cancer

I&#39;m here after Sushant case.. justice for SSR

I think Gouri Khan is Drugging bcse of SRK. May be her addiction supplied by SRK. Association.

Kangana is very right

And we make these kinds of people as role models ??? YUKKKK

Most funny fardeen khan...he is not only a flop actor but also a drug addict

It&#39;s our fault that we make our idol these drugists..

bollywood actor &amp; actress are all Money , Fame &amp; Drug addicts... And these modren youth idol is those addict... imagine about the society then

Shame on u all ...

Salman Khan ka name to liya hi nhi

And people call them role models..

I am here after Kangana Ranaut&#39;s exclusive interview with Arnav Goswami on Republic Bharat

Susaine was drug addict.. that&#39;s weird..

Karina kapoor ka nam nhi likha

All these were made addicted to drugs specially the outsiders by the kk gang Karan and khan&#39;s,when they want to destroy someone they are dragged in drugs ,nobody speaks about them

I guess most of us r here after kangnas revelation..but she&#39;s ryt ki hme to ye sb pehle se pata h still we idiolise them galti to public ki h Jo Bollywood walo devtao ki tarah pujte h follow krte h.we need to correct our selves 1st.

hritik Roshan had collapsed  while shooting for Agnipath at madh island. he was rush to kokilaben hospital.  He use to take drugs as well his trainer  staya was injecting him with steroid. there was chemical reaction.

I didn&#39;t knew Shahrukh. K.wife Gauri. K. into it.Big surprised names R cmg out.

Hritik roshan should be there. He was admitted in hospital because of heavy dose

Letast  information  please

Hamko dekhna padega hum kishki movies dekhe

Sab k sab nashedi hai bloody morons

Actually from the very start Bollywood was drug addict but only weak people got arrested.

I &#39;m here after kangana&#39;s latest interview with Arnav on Republic

Where is Rhea?she is also a drug addict

These are role models of today&#39;s generation  yukkkkk  inhe to narak me jagah nhi milegi oh God please punish them all and bless our country 

Meena Kumari? Comeon she wasn&#39;t

We should watch only self made actors not star kids movie

Sickening / Disgusting / IDIOTIC bunch of Jokers Bollywood STINKS 

We should not follow them.Instead we should pay our attention and respect to Indian army soldiers.They are our real heroes.

This is the reality of these so called celebrities.this is there Sanskaar and values.

Parveen must have been given drugs by Mahesh

Dont know about others but Gauri khan and Salman family are  addicts.

As if rhitik is not  drug addict......wait and watch everyone will be exposed

These are the complete along with few film makers(oh I think it&#39;s not enough let&#39;s say entire Bollywood) responsibility   for destroying Indian children to  youth mind set.

ਇਹ ਆ ਸਾਡੇ ਰੋਲ ਮਾਡਲ

Sab marenge

You are a disgrace to Indians

So munna bhai is a part of ranbirs life

Read good book  or watch documentary instead of watching their movies...Almost all Bollywood stars take drugs...

Boycott bollywood 

I am here after narcotics control bureau register case 

Shame on us for making bollywood a success full of drug addicts who killed ssr.

After ssr case here

haa haa..fardeen khan flop actor....

They must be depressed to the core to do this.

Meena Kumari&#39;s personal life tragedies led her towards alcoholism. Eventually alcohol killed her. Not drugs.

Parveen babi ko bhi sushant ki trah jaan k mara gya drug de kr

Sushant jaise ko jaan gawaani pdhi..in log m s kisiko mrna tha

CBI now catch all.

What’s more shocking is your English and voiceover

So many women

Boycott Bollywood

Sanjay Dutt has now quit drugs but the problem is he still smokes

Boycott these assholes

Terrible editing

This will be next generation of Bollywood hats off to the bollywood donkeys And the not only about drugs know the Khan&#39;s are linked to worse dangerous to the country with the pak gang‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️

Where do they get the money to pay for these drugs or who pays for their drugs or do they have money to blow up when so many in the world still go hungry  ? Thankfully so many people are saved from these drugs simply because they do not have the money for such an expensive habit. and what is the Bombay police doing ?

Bollywood is the most filthy place. This paid actors are destroying life of many youngsters

You should have been behind the bars because of falsely accusing Gauri Khan

Free frm addictions,illness,sins,satan,hell,TRUST JESUS died 4 ur sins n arose on the 3rd day frm ur heart..! C Jesus heals in google!..

Was the person who edited this video on drugs aswell?

Vijay Raaz not Viyay Raaz you densefuck !!

Weed is not a fuckin drug u son of a bitch

I&#39;m soooo shocked to hear about Sussane Khan, I don&#39;t believe such news. Just no way, no. I&#39;m sorry I don&#39;t believe it at all.

Voice laggage

Where&#39;s mf Salman Khan??

These people are running bollywood .

Do you think smoking weed is called drug addicts?

Sob mia kla xxxt

it shows hw weak thy r actually taking help of drugs to live wid sucsess with failure and controversies 

Ranbir is addicted for anything

Bollywood Mafia&#39;s

Honey singh got disappeared yo

Boycott China and it&#39;s product from root level

नसे की वजह से ये बॉलीवुड वाले एक दिन उखड़ जाएंगे 

Hrithik&#39;s affair with Barbara Mori after Kites lead to his divorce. Changing history now eh.

YE SAB FOREIGN COUNTRIES KE REHABILITATION CENTRE MEIN JAATE HAIN COZ YAHAN PUBLIC KO PATA NAHI LAGNA CHAHIYE.

Ranbir Kapoor  

when rahul became a celebrity

Paisa he kya karenge

that irritating mic mute

Weed is not bad mmkay !

lavde sab aise hi hote bhosdiwale

All this news is full of ... get your facts right pls

Very sadly

The voice of this video needs serious help

Gauri khan is not the durger

Editing quality is too bad

Fardeen Khan bhut kubsrat tha par acting nhi athi thi USA par kubsrat bhut tha voh

Edit properly your videos please, it&#39;s irritating

Walahii dadka cafimadkoda igayaa la dagaalami laakiin ma oga subxanallah subxanallah

Now I can believe

Rihtik and susane divorce reason was his bad character and things he did with kangna raut... Not  drugs

Weed is not a drug if u consume it in a limited and positive way...I smoke it and its about 7yrs now... Still i can  stay without consuming it for more then 2 mnths... So its not a addiction

Iss narator ke muh me lund do koi bhai...&quot;Kisi doosre ko badnaam krke khud ka kya naam kiya&quot;...Madarchod saale

Akshay Kumar is the real hero and inspiration to all..Not these drug addicted peoples

Weed is a medicine na or am wrong?

In the background you could have played cocaine by Eric Clapton...

This video is akkh thoo

Kaha se aate ho yaaar

Kya bakchodi hai

Ye batao ye actor ki diwi kab se star hogai..

Meena Kumasi was alcoholic not drug addict....get your facts straight

poor thing

U gotta understand something though. Most drug addicts are the people who try to escape from  the harsh reality and it&#39;s there way of dealing with trauma or unhappiness. Everyone is not lucky to have close friends and family. Even they have, they may not understand or simply brush-off the current condition. Also, some people, even close ones are there because you are in the top of the game and once that goes away, you are left alone to deal with.

The devil is a liar a d knows how to trap people to take their souls to hell. Only jesus can save you. Stop living for this world

All these rich and famous peoples kids are all messed up. This is what happens when u have it too good In life and don&#39;t know what else to do.

How do they know this I honnestly dont believe this at all

She needs to do some home work.

is marijuna is a drug?

Arjun rampal too

Ohh.....that&#39;s why Sanju done by ranbir Kapoor......humdard.

Are pine do yr kyu ungli krte ho kisi ki personal life mai apni family dekho yr phele

Shocked to hear Gauri Khan is a druggie!

Kuch bhi!! Lies

Ranveer kapoor is not a drug addicted

Yeh sab chees isthamaal karke behosh hone se acha hoshme rehna hein

Susanne and Gauri? Really

I never heard if someone take weed (ganja) they have to rehab. Probably ranbir is a milk boy. Lol

No doubt all the new generation of bollywood is drug addict

Thats why ranbir kappor was signed in sanju because he can match the level of sanjay dutts  drug consumption

Weed is not a drug, moron!

Rascal get your facts right Mamta Kulkarni at Top of her Career was a pure vegetarian and only actress that time refrained herself frm Alcohol or Pubs as far as her role in drug scam nothing is concluded allegations have sparred no one till today

Marijuna is not drug

Weed is not drug my friend it&#39;s not addictive

So what do we do?

Explain Fardeen Khan in one line.Not only a flop actor but also a drug addict.

Gauri n Suzzane

Meena kumari was in to alcohol ,,,,not in to drugs

Ab main kehata huu jisne a vedio baanai ohh ganjaru hain

Honey singh was not at rehab

Gareeb hona b acha.. Fltu shonk nhi rehte.

Parveen Babi?

Things happen. Better to lend a helping hand to a hurting soul

Sorry weed is not a drug alcohol is drug .weed is medicine

Weed isn’t a big drug in my opinion

Honey singh was suffering from bipolar disorder Okkay

Do you even know the difference between Alcoholic and drug addict?

Gaudi ma che combini?

Omg

Rubbish if these stars were drug addicts ,they could not have become so successful. Utter nonsense

Showbiz industry has its own standards, belief system, religion. These all vices (which we consider) are  fall into normal behaviour. Once you enter into the system it appears odd but when you are into it you embrace its culture and live with it.

Spelling to thik kare randywale

Hello fucker honey never went to any rehabilitation center

That&#39;s why ppl are taught to say No to Drugs.

Meena Kumari .. m stunned !

One bollywood actor raped his maid and fans of his say he didnt do it because a few years later the woman he raped tried too kill him lol to me if a woman tries to kill a man it&#39;s not because he didnt try to rape her

Where is Rani mukharji

Marijuana is not a Drug

tell us the drugs name to us

Totally bakwas documentary.

Nobody watched it carefully! Just watched this video like a Robot! Viyaz Raaz or Vijay Raaz?

In your old vedio said that Ranveer Kapoor go to Austria for drug rehabilitation centre NOW IT CHANGES INTO USA. Shame on you you are making subscriber out of making their fake vedio

Salman nahi gey America?

Isss ki awaaz k si hai comment kar k btaieeeen????

Weed is not a drug

Aisi daulat hi nahi chahiye jo insaan ko barbaadi ki taraf le jaye

Wtf. Weed is not a drug!!!!!!!! You can’t be addicted to weed.  nonsense

Please learn to edit

Bollywood are drug addict, womanizer, Characterless

Marijuana is not a drug

We all know about them..nothing new

Why do you change the facts in your own videos.... Sometimes you say ranveer kapoor goes for rehablitaion to USA sometimes you say to austria... Which one is real

Beech beech ma fullstop kyo lag Raha ha vai??!??

Gauri khan?...addict??so, what shraurk khan do??...

Gauri khan is a drug addictDo you think we are fool?

Ani drugsmadhe tar etkech naave ahet ajun khup  aget  ni alcohol  ghenare tar actress actors khup ahet ni lok asle lokanche fan ahet .role model asel tar fan asava Jase prakash baba amte kiti dedication devotion ahe tyache te role model ahet .hatsoff.asle fhalatu bollywood Hollywood, Hollywood chya fan nahi mi kadhich ni naselhi

inko bhagvan ne sab kuch diya, phir be ye sab aisa apna health kyun kharaab kar rahe, bhagavan jaane

It&#39;s not true about Manisha koirala. We all Nepali trust her and love her

Hello miss  Weed is not drug.Weed is hurb.I am disliking this video.

Meena kumari was alcoholic.

Ranbir is not / was not addict. Haha weed addict does not do bad, now looking at sanjay pics, that is hard drug

Honey singh had bipolar disorder stop spreading fake news,rhat was the reason for him &quot;disappearing&quot;

How can uh say someone flop actor who are uh to judge him as an flop actor.. disgusting

Unbelievable

What about sharukh Khan and Salman Khan??

Even Gaui ???????????????????????????????

The way she said about honey singh is so funny.

Aah srk ki bad luck nasheri ho gyi wife kuch keh bhi nhi skta kisi se

Even Gauri Khan ??????????????????????????

Conclusions: Bollywood became an industry of break up, divorce, love, alchoholism, smoking, career ruining ,drug addiction and arrogant actors and actresses.

How can a life be hell, please watch out ur word sometime,

There are no celebrities without drug and alcohol addiction.

pata nahi kion drugs lekar ye log apni life barbad karty Hein.Allah ne itna kuch dia hai inko shukar nahi karty.

Drugs or alcohol?

In their previous video of dirty secrets of RK, she said he wss sent to rehab centre in Austria. FOLKING LIARS.

First do preparation before posting any video as the voice of the girl in this video makes this video disturbing in all the pictures of the actors, bad work

Sub lanti hy payssa or fame a jay to haywan bun jaty hy very sad

Wow thats sad i guess half of the planet is on drugs....

Ur information 

Marijauana and alcohol are not drugs ffs

I hope they all get well Inshallah, god be with them. And that we hear good news. Bless them all.

Humans r not perfect , even the famous ones ... everyone has to fight their own demons ... thats life .

donkeys the and️

All of them are not role models. They all come to America to get cleaned but they are not people you want to spend time looking at.

First view &amp; comment
