Laksh
Great!! Talented Kartik Aryan out and worst actress Jhanvi in main lead. Bravo Karan Johar

Laksh
Fan of Laksh after watching Porus 

Abhi &amp; No one can take john's place.
Bollywood should really start making LGBTQ+ movies since the new generation deserves different genres

Kartik aryan and janhavi kapoor is best jodi

laksh lalwani so great
Boycott Dharma production&#39;s movies
Kartik

Boycotted by me this jhandva movie

And now Kartik is going to be replaced 

Karan johar banned kartik aryan banned for dharma production and replace from dostana movie..

SHIII

Why god why Can&#39;t they take gud actors and gud story

Janavi Kapoor very much boring and bad acting skill

Proverbs 8:13The fear of The LORD is to Hate evil;pride and arrogance and the evil wayAnd the perverse mouth I Hate.YAHWEH YESHUA HAMASHIACH

I am excited to watch this movie

Plz dostana 2 ko jaldi laya jaye plz
Laksh gonna be the rising star️

Janhvi Kapoor cannot act.

Love u laksh
I&#39;m gonna watch it...just for laksh

Yehi movie ma sirif laksh ka Liya ma dek raha hou other wise I hate nepotism product

Laksh lawani is better that every woman who lives with him.
I am happy for jahnvi i hope she can make her carrière in bollywood
Laksh is so the great and will be very great

Dont add janvhi kapoor

Laksh my fav

BOYCOTT all NEPOTISM - Charsi &amp; Anti-Nationals...JUST DISLIKE.

Kartik aaryan is better than is Varun dhavan

I am boycotting this movie because I can&#39;t support movie which is ruining a good movie .And DOSTANA , SADAK , BUNTY AUR BABLI are getting ruinedPls boycott the sequels of these movies

Janhvi ️️
laksh better than kartik
Superb cast

I&#39;m very excited ️
Jhanvi don&#39;t deserved to play a role in this moviePlz ananya ko ye role de do ... Wo kartik ke saath buhut achi lagti ha

Nepotism

Lakshya lalwani is the best king of porus

Janhvi ki sab  movie hum to dekhe ge

nice Janhvi
Laksh 
Janhvi kapoor is best for ls film
laksh laalwani ke saath ushe hero laksh ko
Really, part 2? Its gonna be a dream come true

John Abhishek is a hit
Are Yaar Iss Dostana 2's Adhi Shooting Complete? Kartik Aur Jahnavi Iss Movie May Brother &amp; Sister Honge and Lakshya are in love with both of them, Kartik and Lakshya Gay Couple May Dekhai Denge Iss Movie Ki Shooting last November May Hi Started Ho Chuki Thi And you are making a video about this, what a friend 
