You edit Virat and Anushka's photo on the thumbnail but Virat's heart tattoo kya , you forgot to edit, the audience should understand.
What is the name of Anushka's daughter?
Soooo sweet heart baby
Virat kohli resign as a captaincy in IPL &amp; Indian cricket team in 2021

Baby girl not boy.

I wish god give you sweet baby girl

Awwwwww ️️️️️️
When will Chhota King Kohli come...
Best couple

congratulation Anushka..
Not baby boy it&#39;s baby girls

This is fake and she gave birth to baby girl..

<a href="">

Baby girl

Not baby boy it&#39;s babygirl

MāshaAllāh
Kucchhhh bhi bakwas karni hai!!!!She has given birth to a baby girls which is officially announced by Virar Kohli on Instagram! Please get your facts right before posting any nonsensical crap on you tube!!!!!

Baby boy u r idiots

Oye fake news baby boy ko ni baby girl ko

Oh god why fake fotosp

Have homework to do before making the video... Anuska has a daughter and no son
He gave birth to a girl️️
UNKA BOY'S NAME <a href="">#NUSRAT</a> HOGA
Happy cure baby

The thumbnail is an editted image. 

Pagal likh rakha he baby girl or bol rahi ho baby girl so confuse you are
Beruska Thik h

Congratulations everyone Anushka Sharma is married
Dhoni has a daughter. R sharma has a daughter. Rahane has a daughter. Pulara has a daughter. Ashwin has two daughters. Rama has a daughter. Saha has a daughter. Shami has a daughter. Umesh yadav has a daughter. Virat Kohhi is blessed with a baby girl .Finally hardiks son should be the happiest person on earth 

Baby girl he ya boy
Baby girl

This is totaly fake news she is blessed with a baby girl

It is a girl not boy....

Virushka congulations

Began lahi umar diye amen
Always be happy

Mashallah she is very cute!
Both both mabarak ho

No baby girl

She is gonna be a another beautiful one

Welcome to Virush baby, God Balaji blessings always with you.

Virat kohli and anuska sharma 32 years only 6 month different

Baby boy nhi baby girl ko janm diya h tum log eaise ghatiya news kaha se late ho yr

congratulations bro, bht bht Mubaraka virat bro.

Me to like nhi karta

Baby girl not a baby boy..!kuchi bhi batate hain aap log

Mashallah it is a matter of great happiness.
The future woman s captain is born

Baby girl

Baby boy nhi girl

Congratulations from Bangladeshis around the world. 🇧🇩

Very nice

Hi virat and Anushka congratulations God bless you all

Baby boy ap logun ka jwab ni boy ho tu hi bless

Was this operation normal?
Very nice news

Congratulations virushka

I wish both mother and new born baby a very happy, healthy and prosperous life

Congrats

Fake news mt falaya kro plz,
It&#39;s a girl not boy

Congratulations

Kuttay taile oboshesh e baccha dilo
Congratulation both of you

Congratulations 
Congress

Kangrazleshens
What a wonderful editing you have done...
Congratulations

anybody notice thumbnail was also editing 

Which date baby was born

Future Virat Kohli (Cricketer)
So nice virat  anna
I thought it would be a boy but it&#39;s a girl and now her daughter will be a tomboy like her

Who is a girl or a boy.....
You are writing baby girl or you are writing baby boy.
Congratulation virushka
Baby girl Hy.. not boy

Thumbnail op

Congratulations both of u 
It&#39;s girl not boy

Baby girl h baby boy ny

My baby boy, my baby girl, born here..
Chutiya log here
She going to be one gorgeous girl

congratulations 

Are your baby girls here?
Nice

Its a baby girl

For baby girl

Congress virat bhai

I wish  you  baby

In some vedio its a girl and in few its boy some one give me the correct information...

Congratulations 
Hi Guys  
<a href="">00:39</a> Title me baby girl aur voice me boy bol rhi ho 

She will be in politics that&#39;s only lift in his family top 3 tranding in india 

I wish your baby is always happy and safe

Their baby must be cute , but he will be a cricketer or an actor ️
