Done

pamper me.. otherwise my temper will hamper you

There is no dialouge &amp; screenplay writers names in the description with director &amp; producer names !!!It is such a shameful thing for production houses that still there is no honour or respect or  at least evolution of writers by the production houses in bollywood !!!!Chiii

POLICE!

saksham simmba
Bharamstra bekar movie bakwas badaa ranbir busnda
Remake banaye ho sale isse acha hum ntr ka dekh lete
blockbuster
Kis kis ne ye film theatre me dekhi hai

Best movie ever 
I love ranveer Singh  he is soooo hot

Ranveer is a good actor

Overacting shop! India will become popat first......
Ha temper to hamper hoga hi ..copy jo Kiya h ntr ka

Lowda sa acting kiya  chutiya ranveer, isko overacting thoda Kam karneka vakth agaya, thoda south walanko jake seeko kaisa act karna

ranveer singh is telling this to srk . simmba vs zero

Guys go watch TEMPER Telugu movie with sub titles.... dubbed version may loose the feel of it...Remember no one can come close to NTR&#39;s acting in this movie

Chutiya Ranveer

Please DHARMA

Please AE DIL HAI MUSHKIL 

Please upload Ae Dil Hai Mushkil full movie.

Temper movie is much better

Loved ranveer in all times ️



if allu arjun and ntr came in Bollywood they will destroy every young actors

never touch ntr

Ranveer Singh is good actor we have seen in Padmaavat but in this  movie overacted a lot....

Simba total disaster movie... Temper was much better than Simba...

KGF jesi ban hi nahi sakti
Let's start with the fact that he himself said that the temper will hamper. I would not like to watch the first movie of 2015 with such a bad acting, and the next DRIVE movie should be a flop, it is also a remake of the 2011 DRIVE movie.
Who has seen this film?
Ghtiya movie
  Fan&#39;s must watch this one for an &quot;UNLIMITED ENTERTAINMENT&quot; JOY-RIDE!

Flop

Don&#39;t watch simba total waste of money. Rohit shetty can only give a hit with Ajay Devgan

this is one of chutiya dialogue by Ranbeer.Rohit shetty kya chutiyapa kar rha

Worst dailoge delivery jr is best for dailoge delivery... first watch temper

Disaster

No one can beat Ajay devgan when it comes about action of a policeman.

Puri temper ki copy bc
First line is the thing because of which this exists

temper movie is more aachi hai
waste of money

Chutiya

Ranveer Singh has overacted the entire film.
Over acting

How many of u saw TEMPER ???? ( Telugu )

Guys this movie is awesome and at a certain phase it really gives you goosebumps. Plzz watch this movie.

Bus is filme me over acting kuch jyada thi aur movie ka first half temper + second half kuch Milta julta theri movie se tha film mein kuch naya karne ki koshish Nahi Ki Gayi Hai bhai sahab Purana bus last mein thodi bahut change kar Diya temper se Ranbir Singh ki acting achi thi

Awesome movie

Copywood zindabad
This video was opened in the name of main temper film.
Aala re aaalla simba alaaaaaa
You should feel shy after making the remake movie.
Chutiya Sala
Het re bay

150cr in 7 days....Blockbuster......

Ntr Jr Is the Best

Ohhho great friend..
<a href="">0:03</a>

Who has not seen this film yet...Reply 
Jabardast
Jr in fan 
Temper is better than Simmba!!! 

Ajay devgan is the best actor. But Ranveer didn't like it.
Ranveer Singh ka manhoos chichora munh dekhte hi mood kharab hojata hai

Average movie...

Temper is my favourite movie temper hamper

Wow Awesome Lovely LoveYou RanveerSinghSirTemperWillHamperSaraAliKhanMamRohitShettySirSonuSoodSirKaranJoharSir DharmaProductions  RelaniceEntertaimentts Simmba
Mind Blowing I watch It

Ntr fan like here

Temper me, otherwise my temper will hemper you.

A6i movie hai but temper ki copy hai

Jfry

Liking this type of movie is not the problem but not supporting movies like tummbad or upcoming gully boy is ..as we can watch both types of movie and enjoy them 

Ab Jab Mobile Me Original Print Ayegi Tab Download karke Dekhunga...
Singham is better than 2
Best movie  watch it .

I have seen this movie, I am crazy about it.
<b>Simmba and Singham fan hit like.. Ek like to bnta hai </b>
Background music is there, that's why the movie looks like MST.
nice

Because of copy, this movie is sold only to original, so bc movie copy song copy is being copied, what is there left behind?
Film achi ni. H
<a href="">#mansisehra</a>
Mast

Temper is far far better in the simba climax is little change so simba is a big disappoint and rohit shetty biggest copycat of bollywood

Tomorrow please upload the movie also
<b>MIRAMAR POLICE STATION</b>  lol .

Masterpiece   full entertainment plus with great message. ️
forget simbba now toh gully ka ladka (boy) aa raha hai  <a href="">#aslihiphop</a> ranveer singh ️
Inke Copy Paste Karne Ki Wajah Se Bahut Si South Movie Abhi Tak Dub Nahi HuiKick 2009Ready Arjun Reddy Aur Bahut Si


Hii

Ranveer Singh Simmba 
Ab part 2 ka intizr h

Who has not been seen moving yet?
Bbl

you are very beautiful

Some parts Copy but way better than original️

9 view or 133 like

Bhai ki movie blockbuster ho gai Congregation bhai

35 views

Nice movie 
1st view,1st like &amp; 1st comment
Cool Movie...but story pehle se hi pata thi

Super hero
1st

Plssssssssssssssssssssss

Movie mst h
Biggest Blockbuster of 2018 

Plssssss reply

1 st

Plz watch my channel
Bollywood Wale Bus Copy Karte Raho

fisrt viewer

First like

Soty.2 ka trailer kab aaygaaaaa
Kadaksimmba
I am First But this flim blockbuster

1st
First ️ ️
First comment

First

1st viewer

3rd

First from Nepal

1st

Nice

First
