Ranbir kapoor said what are you doing then what are you doing with me?
Hi Alia i am die hard fan of you Alia .i love you forever Alia ️
Plz join me  am single Mom plz

Alia butttt 
hi

Daddy Mahesh delay 
The video ended in build up

Congratulations! Aaliya️
Love You ️️
Ether cath
Hi aaliya waht a your hous
Who else wanted a new house tour with Ranbir ?

Own effort? Does they know the meaning of that

Wow!!!
You are so cute 
Hii aliya mam iam very much inspired for you love you aliya

Please reply

Alia Bhatt is beautiful so beautiful

Home tour please

Home tour please

Hello

What was this? Wasted my time lol

Then become eye candy and civilize by drilling it in the ass.
God bless you

I just loved your YouTube channel ️️️️️ Alia Mam and I just enjoyed with you a lot ️️ I love your house tour vlog  vedio ️️️
<a href="">1:21</a> WiFi password?! 
You help poor you drink alcohol you

You  become my friend please reply

Alia  bhatt I&#39;m your very big fan my name is sidra

Post something new on ur utube

Post something new on ur utube

Stick to movies. the vlog did not serve the purpose of being a &#39;vlog&#39; actually.. Disliked...

Please mam home tour

Did not like the house... it&#39;s basic

Rameesh .P.U. deaf-mumbai-Maharashtra, Alia Bhatt, sadagoppan ramesh. Tamil, cricket.

how can i not like your video i loved it Queen love you so much, and i&#39;m glad you have ur own house proud of  u love u alot

I don't have a ball
I&#39;m shocked !!! Bollywood stars are also making you tube videos ....are didi ji hum logo ke liye bhi kuch bachega ya nhi ...I mean I&#39;m not discriminating ,you also have right to make videos but aap to pahle se hi brand ban chuke ho aapko iski kya jarurat ??

WTF

a whole Mansion for thyself you are the Queen, the Maharani of your own Castle lol

Home tour
Alia bhatt for life the best u are queen alia coolest most easy going girl love you ️️️️️️️️️️
Love you alia bhatt u are the cutest ️️️️️️️️u are the best ️️️just see u for a while and my mood becomes so so better love you so so much ️️️️️️️️️️
Congratulations and wish you more and more success ahead!!!!!!

Home tour
Hii refuses
Radhe radhe ji

I Love you  Alia Bhatt

I want to meet you personally dear Aaliya , Tell me please.....

Piz in hindi me bol kariye
She just pretended to show her house lol

Wow... gorgeous talented bubbly sweet versatile fresh blooming star Alia Bhatt 

Call I&#39;ll there
Live in with ranbir

Fayway is India number 1 Construction Company which deals in all kinds of Home Villa Mansion Hospital Corporate office and Corporate Manufacturing Plants Construction. Refer and Earn Money

Many congratulations to you on your wedding.
Alia didi your house is very nice
Someone miss u  lot.
niece
But help ur costars

U look great
Such great achievement in young age... Great Alia ma&#39;am 


Nice madam

If I am there then I will not be afraid of anyone else.
Congratulations sister

Nice house

Alia is so cute.
Hii

Born for bollywood

Finally  indian  people  ,show  them  their  level  ,alia  who is sushant  i think  whole  bullywood  now  know  him

Love you di

I feel sad for alia......She choice wrong man........I never feel alia dumb when she doesn&#39;t know gk question bt now I feel she is really dumb

Congratulations Alia ️
Speak in Hindi, don't understand English.
Have in the some days after I the last one in order of which you

Can you make an house tour please

Hello mam, I don't want to pass in half, I don't want any more madness than the cow.
l m your fun Aloo.
Is video me to house tour ke badle jada time bolne mei waste kar diya

How u edit the channel

Flat on rent in mumbaiFind here

I am your biggest faan Aliya Bhatt
What day has come when I am not getting money from film city and I am on YouTube Madam, I came to know from my heart that this house was not sold after paying the lawyer's fees in the drug case
Lolz...Well, his son went to the boat with so much money to have fun, dancing abroad...Does the badsha pay income tax properly?Not only Badsha but the rest of the actors and actresses of Bollywood pay income tax properly?Or all their black money to be white in the Swiss bank?How long will this last? corruption should be stopped....Sameer jaisa officer required very much.....Ugly real behind the golden screen ... stop wasting people&#39;s money ...The time has come to amend the constitution...The country needs real soldiers like Netaji...Let the policy of aggression be stopped after subjugation, There is no money in science and research for this...max of money is wasted for corrupted politics and bollywood...Nowadays, the new generation has forgotten the meaning of life, When will India wake up?

Hahah

Woww Alia Aapke liy ho jay Taaliya U r great Alia Didi 
This is a maam
Very nice 



There was a time when public used to wait months and months to have  glimpse of their favorite actor. Not so so many girls cut their wrists for Rajesh khana . Those were called stars .Now they are on streets telling you please look at me . I am available 

Lovely
I like the whole interior so much

I am big fan of you

Could u pls do  a whole house tour

Though I really like your acting skills , but mam Kuch  hum commoners ke liye chor dijiye ..

Alia I love you so match

Wow
I am MishwaBeautifull house of you alooo....

Mujai bhe bana hai star

World’s shortest vlog. Please don’t call it a vlog. You are already earning enough, you don’t need such clickbait titles.

Cute cute words 

Hi alia mam you speaking tamil  video
alia you so cute my frinds
Mommyraz from Mommyraz from Mommyraz from Mommyraz from Mommyraz
Alia, please give us some home decoration ideas. How to maintain coordination between every kind of stuff of room. Alia di please a home tour. waiting for it

Alia ma&#39;am pls make full video of your house

You are so pretty           Love you️️️️️️️️️
Love u shushant
it&#39;s not even a home tour sob..
Hello Aliya
My.favoruite.heroine.aliabhatt

Mam u was looking so cute in this video

Super

Cks view
You look damm beautiful in this video.i Could not take my eyes off from you....

Hi Alia di
my favourite actress ...Alia you are ossam 

U are fav️️️️️Alia️️
Mam biggest fan of your️️
hi

Hi there
I love alia

Wait.. I just came to dislike 

Nic house 

Who loves Alia B???

I like you so much

But I know hindi

Your my one of favourite hindi herions because I am from Hyderabad so my mother tongue is telugu

You don&#39;t call this a vlog

We are not interested in seeing your house. Nothing but spoiled rich girl and fraud. Please go away.

Nice

Seriously dude ..Ali not have manners wow so great standing and eating 

Hey brother, I came to the wrong channel, the language here is beyond me ️
Isn't Malayalee cool 
<a href="">0:42</a> It wont take 2 years as per my experience 

Mom my favorite heroine my name is Navika Desai
Hate her aftr SSR

Saadi krogii Aalia bhaAt mere se bhot pesaa h mere paasAmbani Ko aapna servant rkta hu
Chalo dislike kar deta hu
Alia if you are looking at my comment please give some love to my channel ️ love from Assam
You are so beautiful, I swear. You looked 16 instead of 26. 

Nice home dear god bless you...

my name is alia

We love you
Sushant Singh Rajput ️️️️️️️️️️️
M. T. E. L. F.

Mast 
Iam your​ big fan
She is only actress who is very personable

Nice House

Richa Bahl is alia s integrator disigner of her home

Great lovely actress alia bhatt didi why are not replying me something

Wish a house like this my idol

And my name is also Alia bhatt

I am your biggest fan
Don&#39;t like to see you alia because I love only sraddha Kapoor 

Alia bhate you are so cute from bangladesh

who thought this is a home tour

Mam I am big fan of u

By giving replies to comments only we got interested to follow u

Hi mam my name is akshada mi tumchi khup mothi fan ahe
beautiful home ️
Mera fevrot heroine Alia Bhatt 
bęāţiƒŸl ƒęęlīŋg
No new video since long

For a first time I saw your home. It is fantastic.

Struggling

I m a cat person too

I am waiting for shraddha kapoor &#39;s official you tube

Ayu and pihu Normal people 12.somethingMillion subsActress Anushka Sen 2.something millionJannat Zubair 3.something M Alia Bhatt1.something MWhat Normal peaople can beat big Bollywood actress All is effort and hardwork where you want success like Alia is better in acting but less in youtube

Di pls make makeup vedios and ur skin care

Hai alia plz reply I&#39;m your big fan

What will you do with the books Aalia?
13 year old fan here! Love ya alot! Stay strong and ignore negative comments! Love, Ameda 

Alia mam I am big fan of your plz can you give me your number please

love love
Could you please show us your book collection In a separate video......@Alia Bhatt

Earn a lot of money and be different from your parents.
The planet &quot;SIRIUS&quot; A &quot;,,, SIRIUS&quot; B &quot;, civilization disappeared due to the highest madness, a dead planet of 10,000 earth years, people were with forked tongues and long fingers, 7 people settled on the ground, flew for 7 years.The planet &quot;VENUS&quot; - there is life, people are 2.50 cm tall, people are white, plants are green.The tenth planet &quot;MARS&quot; people are green, and there are membranes on the hands between the fingers, and there are still two races with 5 fingers, and the White race. The planet &quot;Saturn&quot;, 25 states, 14 billion population, there are no powerful flying machines, there are wars, multilingualism. The Good News planet is 72 times the size of the earth. 12 heavens make up 117 planets or one World, and so on. I just wrote what I received from grandfather who lived in the forest. The manuscripts describe the planets, who lives there, how tall and so on, I wrote only very little. 16 Worlds make up one system - one world, 12 systems make up ACRODYTON ,,,, 12 ACRODYTONS make up Infinity, there is no beginning and end.I will sell these manuscripts, they also have a cure for earthly diseases and invisible and sent diseases.  Тhe planet &quot;SELIKIR &quot;B&quot; - people of brown color, brown plants emitting special voices, there is no warrior, people live 2500 earth years, there are diseases and divine doctors with divine power. Etc. ..ALEKO is the ruler of the solar system, he sends ships and aircraft with people to the earth, to observe our earth, since there is disorder on the earth and there is no truth, an aircraft with 5 people will soon appear. CAPRICORN-1006 - the formation of human souls .. Planet ZIRIY is a high planet where there are no diseases, no doctors, where the immortal world of the outside world, where there is an impulse of healing healing of divine forces - spiritual, to preserve the life of an earthly person. The planet SOKON - a high mind, 200 trillion kilometers from the earth, holy heavenly forces - from there comes a healing stream. Planet Mercury - eternal flame ,,, Hell - Tartarus under the Himalayan mountains at a depth of 14 kilometers, the underworld of the earth under Mount Everest ,. Under the mountains ANTY is an underground kingdom.  The spirit of evil comes out of the lungs, kidneys, head, stomach, liver, duodenum, sedal nerve, gallbladder, blood, veins, lymph gaps. , from the mediastinum, from the endocrine glands, from the salivary glands, from the ears, from the eyes, from the nose, from the spine, from the muscles, from the joints 150 canals, from cells 524 billion, from hair 10 billion and 570 million brain cells from the coccyx, from the nails of all organs of internal secretion and the external body. May it be so .  Yes, in this manuscript, in addition to space and the description of planets, worlds, there is treatment, the grandfather treated people with this spiritual weapon and the words written in the manuscript. A person has two invisible valves in the larynx, doctors do not know about this. And through these valves, poisons, viruses, 12 types of magic, cosmic dark forces, interstellar, radioactive, book, television, telephone, radio hearing, windmill, air, and so on, the whole dark world are removed from the human body through saliva and and from the lungs by breathing. Wathsaap +375292359161

You love your your mom na, then the reason of becoming independent? I liked you with your family. Because now a days every one is becoming intolerant in the name of modern world. I liked to see you modern as well as traditional, respecting and living in the rules of family and enjoying the modern world as well.

What did you say in Hindi?
Didi, please speak Hindi also.
Akka please do home tour

U know who is the president of india alia

Didi muje film industry mye act karna hye mye 12 years ki hoo ek girl didi kayse aa saktye hye didi app ko director pata hye too please ek barr puchiye merye liya please mye acting achesye karonge please  mera goal hye hye didi app iss kye barye kya soch rahyee ho reply doo please and try for me

Do on my ownreally!!
cool
We all should dislike her videos, only for Sushant 

Napokids

This also happened in their case….you can watch it on YouTube
lov u cutie pie big fan of urs
Harsha Kapoor Jaise best

Look at my normal suit and less make-up...I don't care about my height or my figure.
Mouse
I love you so much you are my favourite actress

Why books are there in background

My miss anand has more subscribers than you
Any way to contact alia

I extremely follow you alia mem

Where is home tour ?

I am fan you alia bhatt
I want to stay with my family for ever and ever

I love you Alia ️️️ you are soo beautiful
Bharat_me_hai_tu_English_ki_jagaha_Hindi_ka_prayog_kar🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Hill Alia dir

please reply

you are very beautiful l am your big fan where do you live please reply me I am waiting your reply I swear your are very beautiful

Hi alia how are u and ur family please coment or give heart on this coment l am ur biggest biggest fan mam

Talentless nepokid

It&#39;s really Alia bhatt s channel on YouTube?? 

Why u are on youtube 

Hello

Maam May ap kee buhath fayn hoooooo 
You are my favourite actress

Number Number Number Number Number
Money is a choice Creative is real 

2.28 she was just sooooooooooooooooooooooo cuteeeeeeeeeeeeee ..

I&#39;m so happy to talk with you

Hello alia didi  you are so beautiful
Ali batt Big fan
I want to produce 1 cr budget movie

I love alia bhatt

Home tore plzz
I am Ruqayya I love you so much my favourite Bollywood

Nice 
You have office? Really?

you have to understand what I read the file in full you have to understand absolutely in full I understand you that you are alone in the family that works more than I read very carefully everything today you are full actress today the whole planet will bow before your today you are with name and surname absolutely with full right actress more than that no one repeats once no one is allowed to discriminate today and more than that the first step I will take I bow before you and my heart I don&#39;t put her at your feet more than that I totally respect you you are the best actress for your parents and for everyone you have to understand how much I read the star very carefully more than that I respect you and more than that I will respect you in continued today you are a full-fledged actress no one repeats no one is allowed to do any I want You must understand this we must fully respect all today&#39;s actresses you are act rita signs Nițu Joker

Hi Kalia...

Ate I the one who played with me umongus

I am a big fan of you and my sister is    like you

I have only 50lakhs in present and invested in earning from land

But the reason is i dont have money

7 cr idea in 1 month

Cutee

Hi, Alia ma&#39;am. I&#39;m a big fan of you and Varun sir. Your Kalank movie is so awesome . And your Badrinath ki dulahania is also my favorite. Your all movies are really awesome.

Hi Alia di I am your biggest fan️️
Antique
I am big fan of alia ma,am

Fake

𝙻𝚘𝚟𝚎 𝚢𝚘𝚞 𝚊𝚕𝚘𝚘𝚘𝚘 𝚕𝚘𝚟𝚎 𝚏𝚛𝚘𝚖 𝚔𝚎𝚛𝚊𝚕𝚊
Please do your house tour

Home tour?
Wow 

Lol

Very nice

Your so cute
GORGEOUS HOUSE MAAM

Any tamilnadu
Great hate up ab
Waiting for your home tour sis

Hii alia will you do a home tour video

Hi! Like,share,comment and subscribe to my channel on YouTube!!! I&#39;m &quot;Rohini Mukherjee Miss India &quot; !!! ️

Cost of alia flat

Alia I Love you

Hi Alia

Why you   talk in English why not in Hindi Iss se aapki popularity koi kam nahi hogi Alia mam

Owwww aloooo baby for u I&#39;ll doo anything

The best actress and actor in the world.....in my opinion that is......Alia bhattVarun Dhawan

Wow

Alia you are soooooooo cute

Ooo.so.cuite.alia
Tatti
Mam please do a house tour it would be lovely   

Home ture plzzz
i am biggest fan of alia bhatt 

Very nice video beautifull

Alia is my favourite actress..

People saying that u really hate ssr I want the truth mam do u think it&#39;s no ,IAM I right mam ssr was a legend mam don&#39;t think like that I really like u also

Ali mam my wise is that ki I want to meet you ️️️ 

I always like Alia batt because she is  Indian  celebrities  
Arey Bhagwan.....heroines also become youtubers......hahaha......now I don't know when Ambani sir made them.....
I have to meet you

I m your bigest fan and I m 11 years old  you are like a cute unicorn

Hiiiii.

i don&#39;t know u read my cmmnt or not but if u read...then plz do smile

Are you a Bank loan ️️️️️️️️u took my interest
Ma&#39;am I am your biggggggggggggggggggggggg fan
I am Soo poor 

Please mam

money to pay for a second small bike sir please help.... My college time is extremely become upside down.. please anyone The only thing I have pray... please ...

Make a video for Room tour

She don&#39;t know how to make vlogs she is just wasting her time by making vlog

This is not even a vlog 

So nice to see ur own YouTube channel

You are so cute
Hii

Eww video
U r only worth a tight slap

Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

Who the hell is she 

I love u alia diii ur my favorite all timw

She purchased a apartment worth 32 crores where they both will live together  ( Ranbir Kapoor)

Loved it.

Who cares!

I wish she showed her house if its a home vlog 

Hello please reply to my comment 

Nice house 
Mam I am a big fan of you plz ap apni 1 video my room tour ki banao na plzz

I like u ️
Mam can you make your home tour

Hi

Podiiiiiiii

Alia is Bollywood cute ️

Please do your new house tour

plz do a house tour
You are very cute and the most beautiful girl ️.I am a student of class 6.My friends say that I look like you , I feel very good that I&#39;m like my favourite actress . You speak English very fluently.But I know that you will always be greater than me.

Alia Bhatt , you are my favourite actress

Alia you are very talented and hardworking

Please like my comment 

Loved it .  Love you alia

Indian dog sikali
I hate you  pagal

Make video of what inside thse bag

I am is your biggest fan️

Alia it&#39;s not b its bc 

I love alia bhaat i am your big fan
Hiiii

Alia bhatt Iam your biggest fan
My home is in Kerala. If you like Kerala, subscribe to my channel. You can see a lot of travel videos

Post new videos mam️
Alia where is varun

Hi alia bhatt I am kavya studying in 5 grade I am your big fan and whenever I go to my any of the relatives place so they tell me that when I will grow up I will look like you just trust me I am telling the truth and now also everyone are telling the same okay bye

Please upload a video about your office! 

You telling Sushant kill Sushant marry Ranveer so I can tell you kill you Alia Bhatt

I am shocked that l am see the Alia bhatts home

Not interested

Please showing your makeup collection

Alia
Alia B ni Alia C

Nope AB

OMG

Love from Delhi to Alia

My favorite is aliya and....... Hero

Love and support from kashmir

you are my favourite

Hearty Congratulations!God bless!!!️
Please di room tour
Nive

Mam, I am your biggest fan.
Mam it was too short

Alia ma'am is so beautiful
I hate Alia bhatt
Bollywood stars r also becomming youtubers 

We dont like you and your house

queen

love you My aloo jaan

Alia you are very cute

Madam, now I don't feel like seeing your naked body, don't add anything so that this old naked star kid is not seen on TV.
House tour plz.
I love you alia
You are so kind,sweet, and friendly Alia because you are trying to connect with your fans by YouTube channel whether you are so active on social media. You are really a great personality who has no arrogance and great actor which I have ever seen .love you Aloo and you are truly a god gifted talent .best regards.........

Didi please Live me

Aliya I am your big fan

Hii ! I am from Tamil Nadu and I am studying 11th . I am a big fan of u mam.️ This is my first time  I am watching ur YouTube  video . 

Can you please post your house tour please! please! please!

️️️ love you mam
Mam I am your big big big fan
Nee polikk muthee

Love you Alia
I love this women so genuine and lively and amazing taste and fearless and determined. People are so stupid that because of few devils they are going after every successful happy person they see. I am so happy she is doing so good and I hope she stays positive and understand that sometimes people who can&#39;t be you will make you feel so terrible about yourself and they don&#39;t matter. No hate only love and positivity. This is life and slowly you become what you say and see in people. 

love uhh allu

Kon kon ka favorite actress alia bhatt hai hit like

I love you alia bhatt i am your big fan 
Charming girl
Effort of mahesh bhatt
Madam I am such as died ️fan u

I am yanshika Sharma and I am 11 years old You are my favourite actress and I want to become an actress like you 

Why is it necessary to follow Karan's naked feet? *toodles
Okay I don’t mean to be ableist but why does she stutter when speaking Hindi or English

My favorite actress Alia bhatt 
Hi my I am your biggest fan please reply me 
Alia di I am a big fan of you.And I have watched all your movies especially Razzi .Also a fan of your you tube channel

You did not speak a little Hindi but cried in English.
Wooh!

I am verry big fan

Where is house tour I mean that part haven’t shoot or what

City
Hii alia didi!  I am Mishthi , your house is very wonderful. Please give me one heart , like and comment with my name .

Chal nikal
Alia Bhat name is on the Way....

Honestly, I like your YouTube channel more than any of your movies and Pinkvilla types interviews. They’re so real and fun . Please do more of this. <a href="">#Subscribed</a> 

Worst Actress in world

I am your biggest  fan
Who thought this is a home tour and came here to watchHit a like

Delete delete delete your channnel
Great...

You don't have any drama on YouTube, how does editing work on YouTube? Who made your YouTube channel? Do you remember that the first president of India, Prithviraj Chauhan, said that you should read a little if you get a chance so that you don't get insulted in life. Mujra Seto creates your income, you get a government job, you don't even get a job as a peon, how many people agree with this and which are the stupid people who subscribe to your channel, I did not subscribe to your channel but you subscribe to my channel. क्रे किड्स पाठसाला KP मेर चानल नाम है है है क्या है क्या है क्या है क्या है क्या है कर डेना आप तुम् की एक एक व वॉड्स का स्प्रिंग क्या है क्या हैं में मुंगाज में मुज्ञा है।
Am your Crazy fan Alia I hope to met you one day

How beutuful are u i like u

Hi mam I&#39;m 9 years old and Im your fan..

Sweetu alia bhatt 

Hiiii...

Boycott Bollywood completely.. murdered druggist any many more ..gatar dustbin garbage

I hate you  fucking saiko
You are not entertaining you touber

Alia ji there is a like option that which u can click on for some comments 

<a href="">  she got punished
alia b meansalia becoming mad

my favouiture acteer

This is Alia didi
Binod

Aaliya bhat, Arjun Kapoor,Ranbir Kapoor,Kareena Kapoor,in sab ki filme dekhna band kardo ye sab Apne AAP line par a jayenge in sab ko aata kuch nahi hai bas acting jabardasti kar rahe hai

Who miss Sushant Singh Rajput 

Nepotism person

I am a biggest man I know you got many prizes and Star screen award tooo️️️️️
Who is here after Sushant murdered? Let&#39;s see

My daughter is your big fan my daughter name is palak

Losers are trying to be chugers 
Alia mam can you give me your personal phone number please

Alia Bhatt
I have earned so much money from movies and now from youtube also! wow???
10th fail girl
Your hose is as beautiful as yours.
Who is now going to unsubscribe her channel

Hi

Bakvas actress bloody hell

spring out of india
heelo alia didi I am your big fan and you are so cute and sweet actress 

alia your house is really modern and sweet  and I am very very very big fan of your

Mam apko apko acting chor kar study puri karni jahiya samjhi illtrated girl
<a href="">#BuycottBollywoodMafia</a>

Alia i am biggest fan you are
Boycott Bollywood actress...  

Plz share us your complete house tour.

Hello di  you are so beautiful
Mam please share the tour of your vanity van

Aliya - Chunna is being bitten in the ass. Karan-lie down, pick up your ass and keep your ass exposed, I will still bring you the hot rod.
Dislike this SSR fans(<a href="">#NOEFFORTONLYFATHERSEFFORT</a>)

I don't want to show you anything at home.
I love you my love alia Bhatt

Mom plz hindi ma bola Karo plz plz plz
You suck

Please upload Home Tour ️
You are so sweet

India will not stop until Sushant gets justice! <a href="">#BoycottBollywood</a> <a href="">#BoycottDisneyHotstar</a> <a href="">#UninstallHotstar</a> <a href="">#BoycottNepotism</a a> <a href="">#ArrestAditya Thakre</a>
Hi alia didhi i wanted your number please

I am your little fan Khushi Yadav and one question where you live .

Chutiya kamenee  who the fuck u re.... 

Ssr
It’s a different feeling when we enter to our own house ....  by the way ur too beautiful........ ur my favourite

Ma&#39;am please give me your number I am  8 years old

Alia Didi yi aap ka chanal hh Kay ... I love you
This was more like interview

Hate you alia
Hey looking fr a kaamwali baai for my office. Even 10th failed can apply..

Boycott alia bhatt

Wonderful house Alia Didi 
Hiiiiiiilovesgoodloves
Ur mother  name?

Alia dii very beautiful house️
Totally vogas video, waste of time

A . Astounding L. Lovely  I . Intelligent A. Active
alia your house  s realy modern mean.....

Guys = baap

Rendi

I will never watch your movie

Hey guys there&#39;s a recreation of alia bhatt <a href="">

You did not reply  iam a girl so why don't you reply 
Good

Alia mam I study class 9 and I am your bigggggggggggest fan ever

It appears
Chutiya woman
Chutiya

Hii

Idiot.  we. All. Hate.  You. Alia.  Why. Are. You. Deleting.  Comments

U are very lazy girl

Hii mam please call me. I need to help you

I am your biggest..... Fan
Alia bhti can you travel in Pakistan please

Stupid I hate you

Hey Alia....You probably don&#39;t have the time to read this, but I really hope that you are and if you are, then please please reply...anyway...I love you soooooooo much and I&#39;m your biggesttttt fan ever...I wanna say something, to you...So, I honestly don&#39;t know where to start...but, oh my God! You truly define perfection..Your talent, which you&#39;re genuinely speaking, a storehouse of...acting, singing, dancing, dressing sense ( even though you&#39;ll look pretty in bad clothes also, not that your clothes are bad anyway )..Specially acting, your performance, in Raazi is genuinely the BEST performance I&#39;ve seen, by any actor or actress, in the universe....Usually, if someone&#39;s talented, specially because of family background, they don&#39;t exactly get or even deserve a lot of credit, but you do..coz, you&#39;re not only born with talent, but also the way you nurture it, the fact that you&#39;re so modest about it ( always striving for more, never thinking you&#39;re too good, the way you always use the word try, for your upcoming success, you&#39;re never sure and showing off, you&#39;re saying that you&#39;re not great though you&#39;re not doing it for pity, but just btw, just so you know, you are great,accepting your mistakes, coming face to face with them and learning, from them, never forgetting old people who were there for you, despite not needing them anymore ) and the hardwork that you keep doing really improves it...Some other things I love about you are the fact that you&#39;re such a sweet, respectful, friendly and helpful person. You&#39;re a beautiful soul....you&#39;re such a fair, non-partial, non-bias person....you always include everyone, you never give anyone that bad vibe kinda thing..You&#39;re also very honest and say things the way they are, without hurting anyone, for example that thing you were talking about in yours and Varun&#39;s interview, with Film Companion, about how if you don&#39;t like someone&#39;s movie, you say, &quot;Only you could have made such a film. Now, you don&#39;t know if that&#39;s a good thing or a bad thing.&quot;...lol..that&#39;s such a good way, to be nice and honest, at the same time. You&#39;re also so so good, at keeping secrets, with a polite way of not disclosing them. You have such a good sense of humour, everyone trolled you, for a lil slip of tongue and you managed to joke about yourself, which is pretty comendable. Your interaction with fans and media is so good, with the fact that you truly care, about your fans and you never refuse for selfies and that video you made for Rishabh Chaturvedi was really sweet and during the video, when you said that he&#39;s made your year, if I were in his place, I&#39;d say that you&#39;ve made our life, by entertaining us, not just year.... You&#39;re so humble, graceful, pleasant, happy, cool, easy, yourself in front of everyone, extremely well-mannered/well brought up. You&#39;re even nice, to those who troll you....I really really admire, look up to and take inspiration from you...I love that something in you, which can attract everyone, towards you and you&#39;re really really at me....I even adore evey lil detail, about you, like the way you walk, talk, carry &amp; conduct yourself, breath, blink and sooo much more! I also love the way you&#39;re happy for other stars&#39; success and you wish for them, you&#39;re never jealous, you smile and clap, even on their achievements....I promise that you don&#39;t need to worry about the Sushant trolls, you&#39;re not to blame....Not to mention, you&#39;re all this, despite whatever you&#39;ve gone through, like Shaheen&#39;s depression, Pooja&#39;s trauma, Rahul leaving you guys..whatever Mahesh Bhatt has done to people, which I won&#39;t be disclosing here, coz I&#39;m not sure, if you&#39;ll be comfortable, with the entire world knowing about *that*, but you get it...Also, you&#39;re all these good things, despite being trolled on every lil thing, like a lil slip of tongue, accidentally abusing during a talk and choosing to kill Sushant, in a hypothetical situation. You&#39;re &#39;shaandaar&#39; and &#39;first class&#39;. I don&#39;t think anyone can have &#39;kalank&#39; with you. You deserve the student of the lifetime, not just year. Thank you, for always inspiring me and keeping me entertained, with your flawless acting and endearing personality...These are the things that I love about you and sooooo much more...so, there&#39;s a lot more I wanna thank you for and a lot more compliments you deserve ( which I wanna give ), but I&#39;ll leave it to that here and keep more stuff, to tell you, on the best day of my life, when I meet you, which&#39;ll hopefully be, during this lifetime.

I just came here to dislike the video.. so here&#39;s a thumb down <a href="">#CBIforSSR</a>

wow this fuck still has million subscribers
Bahar se gora andar se kala <a href="">#Sushantfan</a>She is kala mota murderer bhoot

Nonsense Hate you starkids   
Worthless heroine make fake fathers (karan johar)  just to get fame and awards

I very like to aalya bhattt

Woww! I love you a lotttttttt Alia.

For u ppl it&#39;s very easy to earn money.. And u will settled up very quickly.. But for middle class family girls will not settle as quick u settled.. We will just dream to be happy and settled life, like u ppl.. But we are not rich kids as well as we will not get easier opportunities like u, to be a Star.. If we will try also, u ppl not treat us like ur family 

Putting
Hi Alia mam i am your bigesttt fan   .plzz mam if u read this coment plzz reply me plzzzz

Alia you are my favourite actress

Alia bhatt a big star mam is pretty awesome and beautiful

I LOVE Alia bhatt ‍️
I love that way n which she was setting her house

Please do videos I miss you

More than showing the house...tym waste video
Tum mere fav thiiPr thii ka Matlb samjhti ho na

Deepika, sonakshi, parineeti, alia palia, sara, varun, sonam ponam, mahesh bhat, karan johar, salmaan, shahrukh tum sabko aukaat jayega jisi mein tum honge wo film nahi jayegi, jis video mein tum honge usko disliked. Will be, comments will be made with bad abuse. Your haters number in crores.
Tumhare papa ka h sab ,kuch bhi kharid sakti h tu ,I love u so much jb reality pta nhi thi ,pr ab tum logo ko etna hate h ki chappl marne ka mn h ,dhokhebaaj 

You are soo cute ️
Started my Youtube channel 
A like for alia diii
Who is she??

Hiiii

I really admired u but now you guys have become really irritating, never ever going to watch your movies,also tell your father to accept his mistakes instead of writing quotes on insta

Can you tell how look beautiful

Please make your home tour video those who want this video hit like

Please make your home tour video those who want this video hit like

What did you say to Shushati Singh?
Pagal chural

Who is Alia Bhatt

Hi ek bar reply karo

Hi
Chup sali sushant Singh rajput ko tere chutiye baap ne mara

Love you so much 
Nice house I like the way you decorated itLove Aalia kacheria

Hi alia I am Aalia kacheria and I am a big fan!!!

Sushant Singh Rajput best and I like alia also

Cant understand something

Allah Almighty kindful on u my sister Alia Bhatt g.may you live a thousands of years .you&#39;rs worst enemies will b defeated INSHALLAH very soon r you will b win

4M views and 1.45M subscribers is only bcoz she&#39;s a celebrity but YouTubers with great effort have only 25-50k subscribers 

4M views and 1.45M subscribers is only bcoz she&#39;s a celebrity but YouTubers with great effort have only 25-50k subscribers 

Its so busy

Inlog ka attitude alg hi level ka hai... Hate her 

You are your father's daughter...stupid motherfucker
Hindi what did you eat?
alia mam i am your big fan
Show our body naged

I love you Alia didi. You are very beautiful. i love you
get lost stupid butt

Want a home tour
I had confused mam because why these celebrity and richer kinds will not stay with their parents ....soo being normal person and middle class is better than everything

This is my father, he is telling his daughters, what have you done?
Halfmind tu h aur Tera Baap logo ko psycho bolta hai. Teri Bhn ko depression tha Wo suicide se nhi Mari  Baki sab depression wale suicide krtey hain ..

Nepomoving

Who fellow has subscribed her that she has 1million

You are so cute

I love you Alia Apu

ALIYA KO BOYCOTT KERO ESNE SUSHAN SING KA MUDER KERNE ME SATH DIYA KARAN KA

Nale in the keeda
Nice house 
Htttttt.....Shame on u

Who would have folded Ranbir?
Ea ghr ne makan he.
hi <a href="">mam.how</a> are <a href="">you.you</a> are my faborite actor.please tell me.

Hate you dumb
Disgusting

Father's revolution has come in the film, I have no power to reach my own dam.
I hate you
Alia bhaat sali kutti chural dayan
Alia box 
Kalia

U r worst alia..... very very bad.......

ALIA who is president of india ?

I love you dee
cut the crap vulture

10th fail
Fuck you

Kuch logo ke pss ek bhi ghr nhi h India me or tum jese log 10-10 lekr bethe ho!!!! Tum jeso ki vjh se nya talent recognize nhi ho pata h....himmat h to industry ke bhar kuch krke dikhao na!! <a href="">#bitch</a>

Let me guess who are you I don&#39;t remember after sushant sir death who are you

I hate you &amp; your family after Sushant sir death.

Ali mam I am a big fan of yours were do u live

Utterscrap video sry to watch it was my mistake

Who is watching after suicide of shushant Singh rajput

You are the murderous girl who murdered Sushant.
Alia is uneducated illiterate girl good example of nepotism which is favourite of Karan Choogu khoor anuty

Hate this half mind full crack girl.

You are my inspiration

After u made fun of sushant singh rajput, I started hating u

Aagg lge tere ki ghre ko dhro ke ghre ki banad hai krk tum hai log nahi hai paaye hai.
Shut up.....

Apko 13 la table nhi ata
i said your house is very beautiful
unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!vunfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!unfollow her youtube channel!!!!!!! block her all source of income!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Pilli

cottage
Nonsense alia bhat

Attitude alia bhat ap k face main khoobsurati ich nahi mere ko stupid
Guys , she has clearly mentioned that it’s <b>a moving vlog</b> and <b>not a house tour</b> !

R.I.P Alia bhatt

i love you alia didi me kayra
Who is she????

10th fail chutiya...bloody nepo...
Everyone should unfollow this TM.
This girl seems to have read books? Everyone saw... Bloody bimbo
Why do you keep so many books at home when you don't know the name of PM?? Dumbo alia..
Hate you 

You are my favorite actress Alia bhatt when I lose my confidence I see your videos and your movies and to get confidence I also want to be a actress like you

Ek din tu workout karte nikl legii 

We dont want someone who is entirely fake

Killer of shushant singh rajput

Queen of nepotism

Stop this nonsenseeeeee

<a href="">#boycott</a> nepotism<a href="">#justice</a> for sushant singh

Stupid &#39;idiot girl....and also silly.....dumb girl.....please yaar too. Acting chod dey!!!!terey bass ka nahi hai...kuch bhi karna nahi....

What are you eating?
Land mera

Hawwww jaise khudne ukhada hai my own my own chutiya

.. G. K. Ki bilkul knowledge nahi h...... Aur sushant Singh engineering ki study karra tha aur usko itni knowdlege thi space science vagarh ki..... Guys alia sonam sonakshi karan pictures to Indian krnge aur jhadte English hain.. Is gadhi ko koi knowledge nahi hain..... Bas sochti hain janta Pagal hain English bolti hu to actress ban jungi.... Ye sab surname ka fayda uthre hain... Aur bechare sushant Singh jaise kitno ke maut ke jimmedar banenge.... Ye alia jaise he log hain jo fans ko bhaav nahi dete hain... Attitude dikhate hain.. Ye bhul jate hain ki fans ne he uthaya hain inko........ Kabhi struggle dekha hain jo aaam insan apni life mein karta hain.... Bachapan se ab tak silver spoon leke ko muh mein paida hue hain..... Sonam bhi bhut batamij hain.... Please yar hum tum jaise he log inka boycoot kar sakta hain

The bastard Mar of Susan went crazy with the bitch
There is no benefit in speaking to a stupid mind like you... I never comment because I have learned that people like you can't even improve the family, there is a problem in the family, what to do... But with Sushant. Whatever has happened, you or yours, this is a fake Bollywood industry, very soon it will not remain because it is a stranger, you have seen everything, or you have done whatever you have to do.
Go to zoo please. You dont deserve house, people, love, respect anything!

Such a hopeless actress ever!

Stop subscribing on this channel

I love you alia
This house bought by the common people makes the human mind filled with garbage, where did the good thoughts come from 
Alia ji is a big fan of yours. But the way you made fun of Sushant in the talk show, I fell very sad. You have always forgotten that this human being is a rank holder. Or you are a <a href="">#rock</a> holder, in which flowers never bloom. Your skin is white but your man is one day garbage.
<a href="">#nepotism</a>-celeb&#39;s<a href="">#Boycottbollywood</a><a href="">#nepotism</a>-product

Love you in 
You are very cute and l am bigest fan of you

Hi very nice video Big fan of yours

God heart.  good home  .good life. Good future 
Alia di i am your biggest fan in the world and i hope you have million of fans and including me i think so you have bodyguards and moving into our own house and we have only earned it so it is really a great thing which alia di had done and i think so when i am gonna big know i will also become like you like a singer a actor a model etc.

So  nice 
<a href=""> must watch right now..please please subscribe

My fav actor is shraddha Kapoor in unfav alia

Make house  tour

Alia: house tour &amp; life =million subscribersNaveen polishetty: do skits and funny comedy = few thousand subscribers

I want to meet u once plz

Hi Will u invite me to ur house!!

Nice house mam

You have amazing stuff at your house

Love you alia
Quarentine watchers hit like

Alia bhatt pls share your number
Moving into our own house is really great feeling.

I am your fan really

U are so beautiful alia

Hi dear aliya
Hi

Alia di plz do closer tour we all your fan wanna to see that how is your closet plz alia di love you

I am your biggest fanI want to do a dance challenge with you please do it with me

Who else was expecting a house tour instead of the talk? 

Alia mem I am biggest fan of you

LOV ALI BAHAT

Follow you arlrlh
So short video 
I love you sooooooooooooooooooooooooo much Alia...I&#39;m your biggest fan everrrrr....please reply!!

Plzz uploaded your room tour

What is your sister name

Please do a room tour 

Its not Alia’s money rather stupid people investing on her and then she  lives that  boss lifeNot deserving

Your soo cute <a href="">#Kitchflix</a>
<a href="">

Home tour pls
I am your biggest fan i have watched every one of your movies and you are my favorite actress i kept on doing your ganeer maselar ad pls like to my comment  toodles

Aap kis state mai present ho Alia Bhatt aaj Reply karna Please Please Aaj din mai reply karna Please Please

Hello Alia bhatt  GORI
She copies the style of talking of deepika Padukone.

Love u mam ur great fan
Amazing  alia
I am a big fan of you Aleena

Alia bhatt you are my favourite actor

Plz allia Raji movie YouTube re upload koro
HiI am vrushti Ajmera
I thought there would be montages where they literally show the moving part. Where they start off raw and a time lapse sort of thing in which they move in the furniture etc and then in between talking. But this was just a glimpse of the entire thing. Definitely not a vlog.

I remember there was a time when everyone was after Alia. She was trolled for every interview. When her movie was not able to earn much oj box office, many people gave negative comments. BUT ALIA PROVED EVERYONE WRONG. SHE WORKED EXTREMELY HARD AND ACHIEVED HER DESERVED POSITION. TODAY OVER 20 MILLION PEOPLE ARE ALIA&#39;S FANS AND LOVE HER. WHOLE COUNTRY KNOWS WHO ALIA BHATT IS. I THINK SHE IS ONE OF THE MOST CONSISTENT AND GORGEOUS ACTRESS OF OUR GENERATION. I LOVE YOU MAM. KEEP GOING

All the people saying she gained subscribes just bcoz and is a celeb and she have not struggled to gain subs.. she has struggled a lot to become a actress .. now she has fans and her fans are subscribing her yt channel ( ultimately she has struggled ). YouTube is just like anotherer social media app..why so much hate.? If Bhuvan Bam opens a account on any social media app( Ik has  account on other social media apps )( it is just a example ).. he will gain followers very rapidly .. bcoz he has struggled on YouTube ..

Alia Nice and awesome beautiful girl Rombee Kapoor say dokha na kha Lena us ka pta Ni larkiyan change krty

Hay aaliya I&#39;m biggest fan lm really biggest fan so cute  very very cute 

What is the need to get Ink YouTube page?
Instead of sitting in one place shoot urself with camera  show up everything which makes it feels like a blog chalo jo bhi ho U r my fav actress️

Alia bhatt I am your. So big fan please comment me

0
I am purvi can you tell me your phone number

I am 9 year old

I am your fan
Give me mobile number on massage or email

Rock on
Hi Alia plz make a video on your vanity van blog plz plz plz plz
U r very cutest actress

I love you alia
nice video

Alia we need house tour

Ma&#39;am I m your biggest <a href="">fan.you</a> are like a fairy tale who come in my dreams everyday.

Please do a house tour️

I am your  big fan
You are my favourite and in few days I am coming to meet you

Please tell me your number

Super

Ae hindi bolna
Nice, alia.

Very nice

I wanna ask a genuine question What do actors do in office ?Isn&#39;t acting done at sets 

Alia you are very beautiful without makeup...it looks...U Like very dumbbb
House tour plz
I love YOU ALIA

My dream is to have my own home .️️

Give us a tour of your house

I am from Kerala

I want to contact with you...

Hi,Aliyaaa., I am jasmine.

Please give you&#39;re number

<a href=""> Suscribe my channel

Aliya mam i&#39;m your biggest fan i love you so much or me apke liya ek song gana chahati hun As often as I see you thundering loudly, this will never happen with the people aliya di i love you so much and i&#39;m you biggest fan please reply zarur karna okay love you

hi alia i am your bigggggggggggggget fan
Good

Love u alia di u are very cute
Ye vlog tha baby??????

Pls tell ur white sofa brand

Pls do your house tour
So what should we do...... I have your moving day vlog so you have kept your pass such a stupid people.
Wow...it is  really nice experience.....and I also want my own house ....so please pray for me dear .....that

U are my favourite actress Alia Bhatt.U are the best 

Cool my star my life
Did you breakup with Ranbir????

Nice

house tour Alia plz
You are my favorite actress You are too cute I love your voice

Varun please marry her Ranbir acha hai agar ki toh me jaunge someday
Ur positive vibes ️
<a href=""> cheack this vlog this is awesome even I am also following this vlog

you are my fav alia plz do your everyday makeup tatorial plz plz  we request you my fav plz
I loved  ur homeBut u don&#39;t think ur polluting this environment becoz u have already a home but ur moving to another home without any reason Ur moving to ur new just becoz want private space or u want a home of ur design or u wanted to buy a home of ur moneyDid u don&#39;t think of the environment

I loved  ur homeBut u don&#39;t think ur polluting this environment becoz u have already a home but ur moving to another home without any reason Ur moving to ur new just becoz want private space or u want a home of ur design or u wanted to buy a home of ur moneyDid u don&#39;t think of the environment

Ok , you should reply your subscribers . We would go crazy:)

I like your smile, Alia chechi
Happy birthday

Happy Birthday Alia
Beautiful 
Hyyyyy i am your bigggggggggggggggggggggggggggestBiggggggggggggghgggggggggggggestFan di  You r the world&#39;s best AccteresOne like for your biggest fan please

AAP APNA every day  makeup video hamare Saath said kijiye

 for him
Who2 like Alia skin ‍️
I really wish one day she does her closet tour.... That would be soooo amazing 

Make video on your home tour

U are sooooo cuteeeeeee
Wow AliA
U r just best alia di
Just imagine CHOR ye video dekh rha h 

Alia sis lov u slot big fan of u

YoooHi Alia mam as im ur my favrte celebrity...Fab home.....
How much money do you need?
Friendly vlog! Intriguing.

I missed you 
I love you

My friend is also your fan

I am your fan
I am 7 years old I study in class 2

My friend name is Shanaya damani

my name is Shreya Bhansali

My friend is also your fan

Mam my dream is to meet you

I am only 7 years old in class  two

You are my favourite character

I love you mam
Mam I know you stay in Mumbai

Mama love song songs
Maam    I    am   your    fan

Beautiful just like you

Please make a video of what&#39;s in my bag

Amazing 
Aaliya ji, do you have any problem in speaking Hindi?
For this i really feel proud of her.. at such a young age she achieved so much.. being from Bollywood family it was though comparatively easier for her to start career but maintaining  the success was real challenge and she did it brilliantly. ️

Mera chenl world story hai us ko subscribe kara do take mery aubscribr ban jai

Alia you look really cute specially the glow is amazing

The possibility of unemployment is also there.
25 and bought her own house...28 jobless and broke

Mujhe toh samajh nhi a rha ki logo ko alia bhatt ke you tuber ban ne se kya problem hai.It&#39;s her wish yrr

this is silly pointless video

Love you a lot Alia Di.️️U are so sweet Alia Di.
Do you make any movie? Am I the director? Do you watch my hero Lene Ka Apni movie? Do you watch Bollywood movies?
Your old house and new house, both are beautiful, just like you..️️️️️️️️
Luv u Alia.....
Please show us your house tour

House tour
I love the content of her videos, can watch everyday

Alia di I am your  very very biggest fan in the world you know that why I am saying di because I am only ten year old l am Samriddhi nickname Jerry

today tough talk to ,dont u one aliya .think i as one umesh.

She is a lioness

Please give us a tour of your house.

Hello aliya I have seen u in my city varanasi

I thought it would be house tour .. :(

And she&#39;s sitting in front of a whole stack of booksBut the house ds look awesome with those teeny tiny details!

Love you Aliaa
Big fan of yours

Hi &quot;alia&quot;mam your beautiful queen and nice video thanks &quot;alia mam&quot;️
Alia mam you are the best human being ever born on the planet.

Nice

O very nice kitchen

Ur house very nice dear
Instead of subscribing her we should subscribe non-celebrtiy people... they already have so much money nd fame because.

U r rllyy beautifully aaloo love uu

Why don't all these people come here?
Bad Hair cut kitny achy Ball thy pely 

please do detailed house tour

Secret ur beauty plzzz mam
Tell me how u look so bright?

What did Gauri Khan design this house?
Congratulations 
Upload whats in my bag

House tour plsss
So Pretty Alia! From Philippines..

I don't like Alia at all, you are very stupid, you think you are a bigger star than Deepika Padukone, ok
U look bby type..that&#39;s why u r my favoritelove u

Love you baby alia

Love you baby alia

Love you baby alia

She doesn&#39;t earn any money from YouTube because it&#39;s not monetize.

009647510923680

Agr apne call na ki bohat bd dua dun ga please call me

Alia bhatt please call me please apko bohat like krta hun please

These people also understood that I have earned on YouTube
Isse bdya toh sambh as vna seth kai vlog dekh lo
Why is your mouth like an ass?
Alia Bhatt you are so pretty

Hiii....Alia

My beloved looks same like you....say hii once

What books do u read?

Alia your my idol 
Brother Alia, translate the vlog into Indonesian, bro 
What has been taken from YouTube earnings??
I was going thru comments, so many negative things people has to say this this. I don’t understand what is the problem here. Questions: are you mad coz she is a real good celebrity? You can not handle  her success?  Is YouTube not for celebrities? Fucking grow up and learn from this young lady.   So much love from  🇺🇸 . Good news, I just bought a house too 

I like so much

Give us a house tour

Love  you  alia

Wow..!!Alia di u r soo gorgeous n cute..!!
Why don&#39;t you shoot a home tour of your new apartment...!

2016-you tubers have become celebrities2019-celebrities have become celebrities

please can you share your what&#39;s in my bag video mam ???

Not helpful

Love ur hardwork and acting skills.  Its amith,  ur biggggggest fan.  How is ur homely feeling at ur new house?

1.04 million in such a short period of time...GREAT JOB

Your house is very nice houseand happy diwali in advance
Alia you are so beautiful

Hi MamI watch all your movies I&#39;m your big fan

Love you you are the best

Please do longer vlogs

Love u uuuuuuu so much
Alia plz do a room tour
Why don’t you show your house 

Beautiful Alia Bhatt

Hello Ma&#39;am I&#39;m your big fan and I&#39;m from Sikkim I love you ️My name is Monika chettri

My beauty queen
she has her own house? but usually all her pics are in ranbir kapoor&#39;s house lol. Apna ghar chhorke sajna ke ghar me rehti hai

Just wanted to see for once wat trash is being uploaded and i was right total trash

Very nice

I do not like you personally but I liked it Knowing how the personal life of Bollywood stars goes.

A house tour please

Plz do your what&#39;s in my bag

Ameer log ameer hi rahenge
Aliya tum bilkullllll without makup me video bnao apna kbhi aur whit clr dress me ese dekhna hai apko aur ap reAl life me kesi ho us bare me batao plzz

Next janmashtmi Krishna ji - Parth is welcome on my channel.
Wow
Mam kabhi toh hindi bol liya kro U r indian not the britishers

Hey Alia,Make some natural content more about ur life, travel vlogs which is more interesting 

Hey Alia .. you&#39;r my daughter&#39;s favourite
Congrats for 3.4 m vievs

I am fan of alia but Jacqueline channel is very interesting and it makes me feel happy

1like = 3 subscribers

I love you

How many fanz Alia has?

Alia ji I am a great fan of your&#39;s.... Love you a lot ️ ️ ️
Mam pls share your beauty secret

Hello alia..good morning
&quot;na na na na na life is crazy , disha ho rang be rang &quot;  you should   play this when you move to your new nest

My favorite actoress is Aaliya bhatt

Super AB
Dafa door ktraina jsi achi insan ka dil khya hai to bragk ho tera kamini
Love u Alia...i am your biggest fan
A house. With own money. At such a young age. Earned by pleasing people with pure takent and not by hook or crook. Hats off alia. A true inspiration for millions. Love you lots

Dear Alia Bhatt, we are expecting a tour of your house. U can take this as a suggestion of your fans. Thanks in advance and it’s really a good effort. Keep it up!!

Niceeeee house 
U r so nice and my favorite aliya

Alia  api   plz  share the breakfast routine.

Nice one a very congratulations to you dear 

Hi i&#39;m recently watching your video 

This is pathetic now actress are making YouTube channel for what man....I mean movies me kaam nahi mil Raha kya?

Aloo do you practice balle
A moving into new house vlog? Only 2 min?! Seriously!!!



You did not show the moving, a house tour would have been nice.

I love u alia bhatt

I love you Alia didi
Please speak some Hindi also.....
even a little
I dont know why celebrities need to earn money from youtube.. after earning so much money.

May I biggest  fan

Hi mam

I hope I have my own house, my own car, my own office of my own efforts

Congrats/ its amazing to see at this young age, this girl has bought her own house with hard earned money, it also reflects how responsible she is in her life and it also indicates that she is doing all this for her childrens, thats like a women, women always strives for her childrens, this video is real inspiring video, young girls of her age will really like to watch this video again and again, she is a proud girl, whatever she is all because of herself, i had seen her movies and she really potrays her characters with immense understanding thats why her films touch the hearts of audiences, may the new home bring all the happiness snd prosperity, her mother really struggled hard to raise her and all credit goes to her mothers upbringing, she has really moulded her into a perfect human being, mahesh bhatt jis contribution to the indian cinema is unparallel, he lived his own life, he lived a life of true human he never wanted to be a god, we can see reflection of his conviction and dedication in alias work, this small girl will end her carrier as a big legend, infact she is already a legend, indian government has decided to send her film gully boy as oscar award contestant, all the best to her and whole team of gully boy, gully boy would not be such a big film without the contribution of this little girl, she portrayed her character so well indian panel was compelled to select her film for oscar nomination, i am dead sure this film will win oscar award, hence my hearty congratulation in anticipation, right from her first film alia bhatt has conqured the hearts of millions if cine goers, her simplicity and the freshness she bought on silver screen in unheard off, she made every one so happy, hence this house is a small gift from god to her, i am sure in future also she will receive such gift from god, all the fans world around are prayinf for her happiness, this young girl is heading to become a great bollywood legend, yes she some what looks like her mother thats great, she is not only making her life happy and fruitful in fact she is making her mom happy too.

Wow; nice home
Nice

we youtubers are working so hard and these bollywood guys are making 2 to 3 videos and gaining a lakhs of subscriberbtw this is not my channel

Nice vlog
lovely  heartiest congratulations Alia 
With 

Keep it up

Yaar hath hothi hai. One earns money from the film or from here also.
Jennifer topaz and Kaylie  jennar all have you tube channel by their own

Can you show your house tour

First of all love love love that crazy stunning outfit and those slaying hairs and obviously your beauty

I really like it
Matchless &amp; Magnificent <a href="">house.wow.gn</a> .sis.

Alia i am your big freind
Plsssss do your closet tour

On YouTube be like a youtuber, u are already approved as a good actress didn&#39;t need another platform for that

Very nice

I love you...

You are so cute...

After all, this day we are earning money from ad revenue, opened YouTube Channel bloody you Celebrities are facing Threat From real youtubers with great Content now
from indonesia

Kitne rupaye earn kr lia apne?? 

Is this a vlog??? Matlab even!!!
Please do whats in my bag and what&#39;s on my phone segment please

Shraddha is better than Alia
<a href=""> please check it out...Amit Dhattarwal(Aman Dhattarwal&#39;s brother) is missing .Help them out by sharing it to more and more people

Hello! I am Korean who is running Vlog. She&#39;s so pretty! I&#39;ll come and see you again!!

Alia ma&#39;am i kindly request you to plzz share your movie badrinath ki dulhania

Nice work <a href="">#monukumardas</a>

Brother, I have never seen such an interesting and such a bad vlog before
Ignore all bad comments let them bark. Stay happy and calm. Bubbly girl

Alia ji please help me I am stuck in Saudi Arabia my whatsapp no ​​00966551893215
Do they know what vlog is?

Hello sweetie look gorgeous
Hmeltha chiangkuang

This is not a vlog, btw hindi is also a language so hindi bhi bol liya karo yar

it's not a joke
Lol this is not a vlog

This is not a vlog‍️
This Not a Vlog . Vlooging is an Art which you do by Urself , His Crew Did this..... @mumbaikernikhil @Msk Vlog @flying beast they are true Vloggers ...No, you are&#39;nt a Vogger

I was actually waiting for the slides of ur house n video was ended until then? Have u forgot to this was it?

I love you

Love u see u ...
Wow great loveu

Alia ma&#39;am ur just amazing and so is your work. I am 13years old and I have seen almost all your films. Everytime I see u on the screen I get inspired

Your house is so beautiful

this is not a vlog.

You are my crush 
I didn’t see much of your house in this video ! If you wanted to show your house you could move around the house and attach your voice with it rather than sitting on a place

Beautiful feeling!
V want your workout video alia

I love Alia Bhatt 🇮🇳🇮🇳
She moved to a new house but she is narrating it as if she went to mars

tell me what's going on in your so-called Bollywood
Seriously bad content  just because you are a Bollywood actress you got followers

Congrats

Love u loads alia...so positive...so optimistic
This is NOT a vlog

How much money does everyone get from their cheating?
I love you at 
Hai aliya ...love you..ummaa
Is this the vlog?
Aaliya is best actor

Support real content......not this (no offence )

What is Maha Bhangar, we don't show it much, we just talk about it.
......amazing this

Love you and miss you too my dear de

one thing I noticed is that she doesn&#39;t look like she&#39;s asking for more subscribers... she&#39;s very confident that her fans will subscribe to her channel...  there is nothing wrong with working as a youtuber bt dear Alia don&#39;t u think... without any effort.. u made a 2 minute vlog which doesn&#39;t really shows the real u... I feel bad for the people who make full day vlogs but still lack subscribers... u don&#39;t even have to request people... u r already a famous youtuber... BTW congratulations for ur channel

Interview instead of a vlog.This format was kinda like Mallika vlogs where besides narrating she actually vlogs but this......

Please Bhai log mere channel ko subscribe kar dijiye please

This is boring and irritating. Alia doesn&#39;t read,why is she arranging books. Why don&#39;t you show true Bollywood full of Nepotism, casting couch and good actors struggle because of dumb star kids like you? Now talented YouTube will have to struggle ?

Alia, you also did not come yesterday, I am staying at your house, shoot quickly and take it.
Do you really read those books or they are just for show off ?

Why speak in Hindi…madam…it is necessary that you want those who want to….you know English.
Would love to see Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan movies

Plz make a video on your weight loss journey

This is not vlog it look like interview

worst

Plz guys people work hard to gain subs carryminati took 1 yr to reach 1000subs plz dont subscribe to this shitty pointless stuff plz

Look, you were able to get a house in Bollywood with your own money even before you became sane.
please leave this platform .........  u r gud in movies not in vlogs

Happy for u, home means a comfort zones  . congratulations

This guy doesn't even want to comment.
By sharing this video, I will not tell you anything because I will not show anything which will help anyone.
Alia l love you

So cute my fort

Hi dear
Wow this content was terrible and they get so many subscribers just coz they are celebrities. A real YouTuber wouldn&#39;t last a day if they put this up.

So sexy
I love

I AM YOUR BIGEST FAN

I also want a house like you ask for, Mumbai main.
