Thank you Putin!!  Someone needs to turn the desert into obsidian.

MO, start the video at least 5 seconds BEFORE the strike, again there is only smoke in the video.
The more fanatics die under bombs, the calmer my children will be. These freaks will never return home.
Dear director, when will the first episode of the series be edited? Trailers are great!!! But combine this with ground operations, comments from specialists and politicians - "Avatar" he will relax with his 3D. And with translation into major languages, your film studio will receive additional income!!! DOWN WITH 3D GRAPHICS!!!
You can also add a map to the video to make it clearer. where all this happens. It’s just that many cities cannot be found on Google in our transcription.
The bucks are sitting, counting, listening to the Pentagon radio, and then - badabum. “That’s it, there won’t be a movie - the electricity has run out.” )
Well, the explosive is good, but where are the coordinates of this place? How can you understand from the video that there is a base there? and what is a terrorist base? Well, in general, why is the quality as if it’s being filmed from space? The drone flies lower - the quality should be better and it’s advisable to watch the video from all cameras
What are you talking about, there are children there... Ukrainian children! Because how worried they are.
Finally, the SAA stopped running along the corridors made of sheets and carpets and, as adults, turned on the art in at least one direction. I hope that the infantry will be raised until mountainous Latakia is liberated to an acceptable level. Well, we must be prepared that the insurgents, after the shock of the first weeks, will change tactics... They are now greatly hampered by our aviation, they have not received this throughout the war, and of course they will look for ways to fight it.
Russia, stop it, Allah already doesn’t have enough Gurias for all the ISIS fighters
make a video of the top 5 strikes against ISIS
whoever didn’t hide is not my fault) p.s. Pilot!
I believe that the real video broadcast from a UAV is much better in quality than what is posted on YouTube. I don’t think that the cameras on UAVs are not high resolution. But 480p quality is of course terrible. Why not do it higher? For the purpose of secrecy or something?
hahahahah those where trees hahahahah

Soon there will be a competition on the channel when there will be 60 subscribers... they will draw an ISIS fighter.
We need to write a petition to the Moscow Region to get the ODAB-9000 removed
Don’t take pictures of the faces of the military! Don’t be idiots.
We demand that the banquet continue!!!
I want a video in color and with sound
who knows, please tell me, when ISIS militants are bombed, they shout Alah Akbar? they yell it all the time
But the Igishat can’t stand it!! The last village before the blockade of the airfield near Aleppo. @Ibra_Joudeh: Awesome news : <a href="">#SAA</a> are 6km away of <a href="">#Kuweyres</a> Airbase now after capturing Judaydah &amp; Tall Sab‘īn at this evening <a href="">
The Ministry of Defense promoted the channel in a week. Another week and 100 terrorists must be destroyed, but if there are IS sympathizers, they can go and support them, but it will be a one-way ticket.
Dudes, get better cameras :)
Obama probably stomps his feet on the floor and bangs his fists on the wall....Screaming SO NOT FAIR!!! I DON'T PLAY THIS!!!
When will there be 3D Full HD?
Let's wish our guys in Syria that instead of a severed head, two new ones will grow!
PLEASE MAKE CAMERAS ON THE BOMBS THEMSELVES IT WILL BE MORE INTERESTING
Do not pay attention to the indignation Russia is with you and THANK YOU We are proud of you
Now they have to build, not rebuild)))
This is reconnaissance, what to find in such a forest.
Go Russia!!!
Autumn, Autumn...and it’s hot in the Syrian forests))))))
Why such terrible quality on drones? For household action cameras, HD has long been the norm, and for many, 4K. And here the device costs millions, but they can’t sell some GoPro for a mower
67 airstrikes per day. As the evening progresses, it ceases to be languid! We are waiting for the promised ball with fireworks.
When will they show the K-52 in action?
Long live KAB-500! But there are also lorry and a half :)
Cool bang! the militants didn’t even have time to shit themselves)
Russia is a Super Power!!!
There is not enough classical music)
They turn cities and villages into deserts. We turn deserts into scorched ash. V.V. Putin (c)
It’s a pity that only videos from thermal imagers lately. It would be cool to get more from a regular camera.
In the forest? I really hope not a single hedgehog was caught.
Since the abreks began to be pinched in the forests, it seems that the main tasks have been completed and the main goals have been destroyed.
I demand the restoration of nuclear tests in Europe!
Call of Duty

67 flights per day and only one video?
Kyiv would be destroyed in 1 hour minutes, if slowly, with smoke breaks :-D
"Strike on a militant base hidden in the forest in the KHRAIZIN area" "Russian military aviation strikes a terrorist fortified area south of the village. TERTIYAKH" "Strike on a militant training camp on the outskirts of the village. TERTIYAH (Idlib province)" "An air strike on a terrorist training base in a mountainous and wooded area near the village. MGAYRIYA" did any of you see at least one camp, fortified area or base in these videos? Doesn't anyone think that they are showing you bullshit?
and you will be cured in the forest)
It seems to me that some traditionally Russophobic (at the same time democratic and tolerant in other respects ;)) media and even major politicians today have found themselves in a rather stupid position, but are not yet aware of their pearls. That is, they resisted with all sorts of lies and, like, restrained the Russian Federation in everything that related to Ukraine, also pitting fraternal peoples against each other, using the foggy past and all sorts of fictitious nonsense... But it’s stupid, you see, to always and in all situations stupidly accept only the opposite point of view, crap and look for facts to reproach the Russian Federation! Now, probably due to inertia or stupidity, they are almost ready to take the side of the Islamic State. But even if you consider someone a sworn enemy (although why, the USSR and communism no longer exist...) or simply hate with blind rage, this does not mean that you should automatically hate and fight everything that is yours.” ;partner&quot; loves, and, conversely, to love and protect everything that he hates?! And now this is exactly what it looks like. Even for stubborn, cynics, gangsters, there must be some concepts, limits, self-respect, finally?
Why is the moment of the explosion always cut out? Is there something secret about this?
so Alla will soon have no clients left for the Bar - she will have to declare herself bankrupt)
Putin Akbar!!!
Where are the moments of impact, why don’t you show them? Because the aiming point was originally in a different place?
An idea was born - MONOLOGUE OF A VACUUM BOMB (an animated video or montage of documentary footage of flights from the website of the Ministry of Defense). Small proposed circumstances: it so happened that a vacuum bomb, the class of which our military fighters are now using in Syria, lay for a long time in a warehouse of the Russian Air Force, next to a protected territory, where a cunning but practical age guard of a famous nationality in his booth naturally listened to a lot of all sorts of pro-Ukrainian videos on the free Internet, watched hours of Ukrainian TV, played Western propaganda channels, but due to his inner cowardice, of course, did not dare in the finals for sabotage, but our bomb, lying very close in a container, had enough of all this, she had heard enough and absorbed it, she became a revolutionary, pumped up with noble liberal anti-Russian views. In common parlance - a schizophrenic bomb. And then she gets on a combat plane. Can you imagine what a liberal bomb is? This is a clot of black bile, the most hated poisons in Russia, and at the same time stuffed with a deadly fuse, but it flies precisely on the Russian mission - to bomb ISIS in Syria. The internal conflict is clear. A sort of Nadya Tolokonnikova (Pussy Riot), imprisoned in a metal frame with napalm in her chest. Lord, how he breaks her, how he berates her, how she argues that she doesn’t want to kill civilians, how she screams right in the air - PUTIN IS A FUCK!!! (here we should include all these pro-Western talkers, which, unexpectedly for itself, the bomb suddenly speaks with the most correct Khokhlo accent). But what is this: a Russian fighter performs a maneuver right above the terrorists’ bunkers, but... is content with only one (another) bomb, which gloriously hits the target, destroying and leveling the enemy’s armed units to the ground. Mission completed, no more fire required. The liberal bombshell is in shock. The plane heads back, and the bomb, not believing its eyes, yells obscenities, accuses them of bias and rude attitude, curses the pilots, the plane, the management and everyone whom the mother gave birth to.... She curses her fate, because according to her only she was able to change the course of modern history... The bomb returns to its home base. To your homeland.
American and Arab grandmothers are burning
Judging by the sharp increase in the number of airstrikes, it will be possible to make a full-fledged movie from these cuts from the Ministry of Defense. I think the film’s rating on IMDB WILL BE 9.9 AND ON KINOPOISK it’s definitely a 10.
God help you, Russia, beat the devils!
they're all peeing boiling water from happiness
Attach cameras to bombs already! I want to look at the grimy faces of the Mujahideen, a second before... :Dp.s. I wish it had a slow mo effect, just like in the matrix =)
Bar "Alla" invites all terrorists to his place for an unforgettable party. The program includes an air show and an outdoor barbecue. The entrance is free.
Where are the color images? 21st century in the yard
Are they filming this from a satellite?
Mahmoud loves the sky to fly - Allah is closer
As I understand it, this is a black and white movie being shown to us. All the secrets of great video filming are not for broadcast.
war live is cool!
This is the plot! Like and subscribe! Looking forward to the next episodes
ALLAH I V BAR (Allah Akbar)
autumn. mushrooms are growing...
Syrian forests will become denser after they are fertilized with terrorist scraps.
on the 5th
Allah, everyone to the bar!
Let's have another video!! there were 60 airstrikes!!!
The whole world applauds the professionalism of the Russian military fighting international terrorism. Just open any news channel and read comments from grateful people from all over the world! Good luck to our guys!
Like and subscribe to the channel.
My video can't open
<a href="">#theyarechildren</a>
It's getting very hot in the Syrian forests)))
The series continues, the most interesting episodes are yet to come.
You can't hide from us!
OIL STORAGE MUST BE DESTROYED!!! THE LESS OIL ON THE BLACK MARKET, THE MORE EXPENSIVE IT IS IN THE WORLD
Latest news: ISIS has asked NATO to return American bombing.
Due to safety precautions, it is prohibited to install an air conditioner in the forest
Akhmed flew into the sky thanks to the ISIS fighters
the author sucks!
It's a pity for the forest...
excellent series, and the plot is interesting, MO does not let you down.
