Ghatiya news mat banav
The bastard who murdered Gatya Salman Khan SSR
I am die heart fan of salman khan &amp; There is an actor in Bollywood who calls Salman Khan his brother. They both have a very sweet relationship.
It&#39;s wrong

Have you gone there?
Teri maa toh children ka option hai nc before uploading the video.
Report this video....have some decency you idiots....ab tumhari thokenge sab

Feku vidio

Baycott Bollywood Salman Khan 

Tadap web series ka thumbnail leke ye bnlya

How much did you say?
Sali

Whaa kya thumbnail hai..Thokta tha

Behen thoka kab

when to talk
Some actor made yesterday's thumbnail report a mother.
Bhadddddd mein gaye sab...Boar kar karo...
Salman ka sbse affair he chlta rhta hai ... Stupid

Gaand mara apni chutiya news
O really.

Didn't you get married?
Land video hain

Kya bore hai

Ye criminal hai

Maine ek news mein dekha tha Tera ko bhi Salman Khan Chod tha 

Juhi_Chawla doesn't want to be like Salman Khan.
Curse Salman Khan
Report this immediately

Children, we are not you, go first yourself.
How did you put the thumbnail of your mother, I feel like you have edited your photo, put Juhi's face and edited your lover's Salman's face.
What is your appearance?
salman khan is a dog
Disgusting

Bhaag saale chutiye..ghanta subscribe kare
We support Salman Khan is best

Thumbnail fake has been put...chatiye gando
During the conversation, you spoke in the same language that you made Salman and Zooey a mother.... You bowed to her.... But Salman did not hesitate..... But currently you have come in front of me.... Ab to pkka movie nhi chalengi
jhanntu kahenge
Bakvas

Dur fitta mu tera bandree kutta dee tara bhonk rahi
will a eunuch marry?
Your thoughts have changed.. your language has changed.. you are lost.
Madam ....juhi aur salman kounsi picture ki hai ...What is wrong with u people ...

Yes, that's all you can do in 1 minute, for this you took 4 minutes... And then what did you get out of that... Keep subscribing to the channel and learning the method of making news...
Whatever viewers want, you will do it with shame.
Shram aani chahiye tume lyz na ho to
What do you put in your thumb...??
Posan nehi korti ju
One dislike from my side 

Juhi's daughter's viral video <a href="">
Report channel baiyo

TMC thumbnail ki gaand marli

Fudo sali
Bekar hut bc

Don't you feel ashamed, you have given such a bad thumbnail.
Qw1
