My husband age 26 my age 39

1 yrs gap is not shocking atall..do they expect the couple to have same age? 

This Deepeka looks like Aishwarya rai bachchan
Lots of spelling mistakes...cnt understand subtitles

My husband 6 year younger then me 

Dhanush is south indian pride

It is necessary...to make this also public...otherwise the audience will go away...share toilet shower porn pics.....
No matter for age gap. Real  Love is gift of God.

It&#39;s common..not shocking ...
Some are fake 
I am shocked by knowing the age difference between Kabir Bedi and Parveen Dusanj . They have 30 years gap between them .

In India people marry thier daughter to a man who is so older than her . I don&#39;t say this that a woman want to marry a man who is younger than her . I say they want equality . The equal age is perfect

My husband is 11 years younger to me. After 6 years of love we got married two years back and now we have 5 months old baby girl...Like all other couple we fight and love...He is the best thing happened in my life and I&#39;m his best friend so far. Every day we enjoy our company. Unfortunately his family didn&#39;t accept me. Because still it is a taboo in our society, a woman marrying a man younger than her. Hope one day world will understand that more than anything, finding true love is the real blessing of life.

Is it necessary to be the same age?
Wtf Deepika iz 36 and ranveer iz 37.. u guys sucks for likes

sabse best jodi Ritesh jenelia real jodi ️
There is no limit of age, there is no restriction of birth! Whenever someone loves you, you can see only a man️
Age difference is not a matter

Age is just a number.. My girlfriend is  26 and I&#39;m just 22...if 2 person really loves each other then No matters what is ur age and color ..!!

I think 5years younger than someone is okBut ten years and 13 years is too much

1 or 3 year age difference should should be included in this video it should be around 10 years or more than that

Thanks

Why shocking …Is that weird that I like women who are more than 6 years older than me

Wtf Sanjay dutt is 21 years younger than mayanta.. total budhha.. kabir bedi  is 30 years older than his wife.... Full dadaji poti ki shadi.. utha le bhagwan

Nonsense.....what age different..love do matter not age..... idiot

Now  Amir  is in relationship with a girl  who is only  6 years  older than his  daughter  .  So  what  ?

Sonam  sirf  one  year  younger   h

I have seen so many comments here of age is just a number but have seen lot of trolls of Priyanka and Nick

Chhakka Ranveerme kya dekha Deepika Padukone????????????
<a href=""> Deepika Padukone&#39;s Father still Having Crush on this actress 

My dad is 13 years older than my mom.

Deepika ranveer best jodi
Dipika and ranveer &#39;s age gap is perfect

Shahid and meeraRitesh and Genelia

I think 5-7 year is not a cap .

WOW!!!  THEY ALL LOOK SUPER GREAT IN &quot;  AGE&quot;   I CANNOT TELL THE &quot; SHOCKING&quot;    !!!!!!   DIFFERENCE ?????        FROM U.K. (2022).

I love Ranveer and Deepika.Ther&#39;re wonderful couple !!!

Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone is best and perfect couple

Age doesn&#39;t matter in love
Sanjay's wife is manyata not mayanta
Fake drama. Stupid woman  dipika and Ranveer age fellows he

Age gap does not matter if one of them is super rich

its manyata not mayanta
soha ali khan and kunal khemu best
What&#39;s shocking about ranveer deepika age difference?
Crew

OMGOSHHHHH the thumbnl is so fake !!

age doesn&#39;t Matter  if true love pouring from them they share the same loving

What matters, is treu love, peace and happiness

All information  is wronge

Nothing shocking ..

same story

<i>My girl 73 &amp; I&#39;m 22 best time of my life honestly alot of people think I&#39;m nuts, but I couldn&#39;t be happier</i>

I remember Ranvir Sing was crazey to marry Dipeeka.

Fake 


Bobby Darling Nora Fatehi Janhvi Kapoor Kiara Advani Radhika Ditipriya Roy Ushasi Ray Hina Khan
ARE SOME OF THE COUPLES YOUR RELATIVES THAT YOU DIDN&#39;T SAY WHO IS OLDER / YOUNGER THAN THE OTHER!!!!!?????

Deepika and Ranbir ke liya ak like 

Mayanta nehi... Manyata
Fir bhi dimple se jyada rajesh khanajee achche dikhte they

You first learn to speak.. Manyata is speaking to many people.
Your explanation ekdum faltu
Wrong age ranveer and deepika

if 2 people truly in love with each others.  Age does not matter at all

Dhormandra .Shif ali khan . sonjoy dutta  have second marriage .so  age is different

In india male age 50 female 25  are allowing

Age doesnot matter

Wow..a beautiful couple, amazing
1 year older dont do difference, is just a year of difference

Deepika not 39.

&quot;Shocking&quot;.My husband is twelve years my senior.

Time waste

Ajay n kajol r very real love 
Genelia n ritesh r right couple
Even sachin tendulkar and anjali have age difference. Anjali is older than sachin

Ajay  and kajol age different  is 5 beautiful couple ajay devgan and kajol

It's morning. You are married. My wife please tell me what to do Qazi!
She is manyata not mayanata 

They marry when they are high with medicine, after 2 years when they come down, they divorce and keep going same way, all these nashedis lost all their respect, showing them as demigods is foolishness.

THANKS YOUTUBE FOR GOOD USEFUL INFORMATION️️.
So what?

There was hardly anybody’s age difference shocking except like Kabir bedi and sunjay duty,other diff are very common,don’t put headings to get hits,if all age differences were 20-30 years apart,then it would have been a true heading

Age is just a number.

The most mismatched pair is of Priyanka and Nick, and the second one is of Farah Khan
Celebrity life money playes a bigger role.Next comes staying together and love.Jiye to bhee money mattersAlag ho gaye tho bhi money matters.This is a known fact .

The pair of DP and Sir is absolutely right and the best.
Best jodi deepika padukone and Ranveer kapoor ️️
Ranveer Singh you was craze to marry Deepika Paducone. We remember that.

And ???

You are lied deepika is only 35 years old ranveer is 36 years old

Sonan Kapoir  is 5 years younger than  her husband  Anand! Wow ! That’s shocking ! Ha ha  . Lol!  Ajay is 8 years older than Kajol ! Stop talking about age . You sound stupid.

And so?

Not much different..&amp; not shocking at all

No problems age is not concerned

It is Manyata and NOT Mayanta.

Physical fitness is important 
I love Ranveer n dipikas jodi  it&#39;s beautiful lovely.
Mira kapoor
chrsee dipika   joker rnbhir singh es drugg wood na tow koi film dykhnee chahy na tow add thykhnee chahy

It's Manyata Dutt. Not Mayanta**
Dipika is one year younger to  her husband Ranaveer singh...

Age difference nothing if you have money..All are celebraties only

I don&#39;t know how did I get here 

Beautiful couple

Joke  of the decade : saif is just 10 years older than Kareena. HA HA HA!

Money is always ultimate money is god

<a href="">8:32</a>What&#39;s shocking with their age difference just 1 year ‍️

Riteish and Genelia best 

Picture menh  likha hai Deepika  39 &amp; Ranbir Singh is 30 years

Ohhh 30years different
You waisting ur time blah blah
Y&#39;all gon leave priyanka chopra alone !!!

Only money matters

I love how the fans community of bollywood supports them as compared to other toxic fans

Best jodi saira bano n dileep kumar ji
Deepika age 39 are u crazy

Sanjay Dutt&#39;s wife&#39;s name is Manyata not Mayanat
I don&#39;t believe these difference .

My husband is about the same age as me or as I call him, he went to the village and has been a little girl for 8 years, and how is it difficult for him to survive these last 10 years.
Asin She Is Malayali

Age is nothing nowadays so nothing to surprise.

Pls look

What is so shocking?

Age is just a number between true love

Advertisement pretty deceiving. 

Uff its lol not possbile

Aish and abhishek kahan gaye

Aishwarya and abhishek is missing

Dipika choti h 1 year ki Ranvier se

When celebrities are never care about their respectful religions for any matters.Then what will they care about age &amp; future.You are just wasting your &amp; our time.

Kya chutiya bnate h tmlg thumbnail m deepika or Ranveer ki age m 10 years ka different bta rahe ho or video m 1year ka wo b ranveer bada h 1saal to kya aapke hisab husband wife ko agr same hi honi chahiye..

PC and Nick ️️
Why is it so shocking to you? All our parents have big age differences too. Has always happened

Buledh deepika..
You forgot Abrar and Safia...  Abrar is my cousin and he married Safia who is 1 year younger to him...  Shocking isn&#39;t it...  Then there are these family friends Raghu and Laxmi, Raghu is almost 1 month older than Laxmi...  Why can&#39;t people marry people their own age I say...!  Shocking...!!!

Pp

Faltu.. Bakwas.. Waste video

NO AGE MATTERS IN TRUE LOVE 
The wife is a fresh mother and is happy in life..but the hen is of no use….just covering the baby is not called freshness…the hen is the one who gives birth to the child…otherwise she is a woman. Khali banjer..roti moti..aur aurat choti ho to kuch baat bane salman ki…
so wt ... nothing wrong to marry a older girl than its recommended

Wrong information

Priyanka chopda to bss ....isne to bachey s shadi ki

It&#39;s happened when they are become a celebrity...in real life like common people it&#39;s so difficult to be happen... don&#39;t know when our so called society will be progressed

give correct information
What nonsense is this 30 years bs ranveer
Good video ! The only thing is why the title says SHOCKING ? There is nothing shocking about two people liking each other and getting married ! Age difference does not matter 

The thumbnail matlb kuch bhi Ranveer is 36 and Deepika is 35

Kisi ne daru peeke video banaya.  3 years and 5 years is not a shocking difference..

Its their life what is your problem

1like for ritesh and Genelia

30 years older omg
Abishek bacchan engae
Next time dont talk again.. your voice suck

Very strange idea- 3, 5 10 years difference might be shocking ?????

Ranveer is 85 born and Deepika is 86 born.

Your voice is sweet .. @nithya shri

Very good information

Those aged r definitely not shocking

Sanjay dutt's wife name is Manyata not mayanta
21 is big difference

<a href="">7:03</a> Kabir Bedi's 4th wife is 4 years older than your daughter.
<a href="">4:09</a> we missing dilip kumar so much 
Not myanta this right name manyta

Hat pagal
22 year age dilip kumar and saira banu

1)Soha Ali and Kunal Khemu 5-ve gap2)Shahid Kapoor and Mira rajput 13+ve gap3)Ritesh and jeneliya 9

Deepika and Ranveer have best age gap of 1 year...Most  are like father and the daughter 

My husband is 13 years older then me but we are happy with my arranged marriage....

Fake news hai

I AM 5 YEARS YOUNEGER THEN MY WIFE ME 2001 MY WIFE 1996

H g

Bollywood is SHIT.. N IT&#39;S DRUG LORD CONTRACT COUPLES ARE GERMS IN THE SHIT... wer not interested in BULLSHIT BOLLYWOOD.. time to see them languishing in jail!  <a href="">#Boycottbollywood</a>

Who cares?

Don&#39;t lie
Dhanush and Aishwarya separated. He is just one year older than her. So Age does&#39;nt matter, love,  respect and understanding are important facts

Best couple Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas

Power of money and beautiful 

And naha kakkar was 7 year old then rohan pretsing

What is shocking about 5, 7,8,9,years or 1 year differences between couples particularly if the husband is older?

I lv ranaveer and deepika

1 aur 5-7 yrs ka difference kya bata rahe ho

Many of these bollywood marriages are more of a contracts for some years ...

Ranveer and Deepika is the best couple

Saif &amp; kareena not 10yrs13 yrs ..diffCALL MAANYATA..NOT MAYANTAA ..MAM..

WHAT IS SHOCKING ABT AGE DIFFERENCES?DONT OLDER MEN MARRY YOUNGER WOMEN? AND VICE VERSA......AAISE HI VIDEO...WE KNOW

It doesn&#39;t matter if ur rich

My wife is 8 years younger than me 

Kabir Bedi is 30 years older than Parveen...really?

Kajal and Ajay,Ranveer and Deepika are perfect match.

Age is just number

Deepika is 1986 born(35 years) and Ranveer is 1985 born(36 years) At in these 2 people&#39;s case you are wrong

Great

Love
What do you mean by shocking difference ....7,5 or 1 year difference

My favourite Deepika Ranbir

Good I like

Why wrong thumbnail

Mayanta Nahi Manyata
lots of spelling mistake in names. please correct.

Age doesn&#39;t matter
Shocking Age Difference Name of Sanjay Dutt&#39;s wife is Manayata not Mayanta.Ranveer is 1 yo than Deepika &amp; the video had the picture saying Ranveer is 9 years younger than Deepika  wth!

Not necessary concept

Mayanta is wrong to say Many.
Kajol n Ajay Devgan both r best
Jgf

Katrina kaif was last real beauty from bollywood beauty factory

3 years are nothing

Wtf vedio
Nice

bchn

I think Bony kapoor and shridevi is great example of true love.

Sad for salman khan 

There  is no abhishek bachhan aishvaria ray???

<a href="">3:26</a> ajay devgan is not 8 years older than kajol he&#39;s 5 years older!!!!!!!<a href="">7:10</a> gold digger what else no way she loves an old man?

Ranbeer Dipika
Balaiñ
Nice

Dhanush is not an Bollywood

Age doesn&#39;t matter, main things both respect each other from the day one. Even do not explode each other weakness to each other family and friends. Main points each is respect care and love from each other.

Ranveerdeepika R️ D
It is for information only.

What about Aishwarya Rai and Abhishek Bacha?

Gy yg   g

My Husband  Jaswel Edison 1years elder than to me and my Jennifer...so what It&#39;s normal

Some are wrong 

Love shows no age
Wonderful All beautiful and by luck and age difference does not a matter.

How do u know?
Shahid to lgta hi nhi ki 13 saal bda hoga

Please reaction on rabeeca and Hussain tareen latest tik tok videos

Nice.

Fake hai

<a href="">2:00</a> what part of this 1 yr gap is shocking plz‍️
Age doesn&#39;t matter if you have money

Ranveer Singh and Deepika Pandukone are the best couple....  love their Age different

Age is just a number. It doent matter to true love.if they can live happily together thats important.

<a href="">1:55</a> this is actor how can believe 

I&#39;m 26 &amp; my husband is 35 and i think that&#39;s fine

How is 1 year sush a shocking age diffrence?

Depica and Ranveer s my favourite .. they work perfectly beside eachother... Age never matters when love and care r really found

FUCKEY AMIR

my father is 10 year older than my mom and it&#39;s not love marriage it&#39;s arrange marriage 

Boy old its  ok but girls should be younger

So the title is definitely misleading. Most age differences would be considered normal for us.
12 13 30 21 is age gap but 1 or 3 are nothing

I like <a href="">#Misha</a> coupleLove u mira and shahid 
30 is a shoking

Age is no matter, but true love being joy, peace,couples life&#39;s.

farah khan 56 shirsh kundal 46
,v

money spinner brother
Ritheish &#39;genelia 
Asked if there was a Thomas Jefferson in Ranveer.  Joseph said some.  Will take that.  Thank you.‍

The Adams are actually 9 years older than Eve.  Joseph however told the rest of the Adams to respect Eve by upholding the Title, &#39;Sri&#39; for lady.  They therefore allow Eve to also take her male form as in this couple where the Adams have to help giving birth to the children.  Thank you so much.  What a great pleasure!‍

Ajay kajol ️️️
Hilarious video ever.there is nothing to get shock 

<a href="">8:45</a> like how is 1 year of age gap is shocking and tht too ranveer is only older not deepika !! So dumb 

Age is just a number  as long as u really love the person.

I don't see my love.
Ranvir &amp; Depika I love you Deepika  ...i from Uzbekistan

Age b her caste age of love
Videos is better  uf u said exact age when they  get married...But it&#39;s  k

I am biger than dilip

Ranveer singh and Deepika padukone  best joddii ......

99

You do anything for increasing your views? Title is Shocking age difference...and then u are showing 1 yeat younger and 5 years elder!! What the crap? What do u expect non-shocking to be? Born on the same day and year? Stop making such crap videos...

1 year or 2 year should be gap And just two or three women was elder And man should be older to take married to be responsible more because man&#39;s are always in responsible most of mans

cute girl
age diffrence is nothing matter they r live happily or not it matters

ranveer deepika my favourite couple
My favourite Couple is Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone 
What&#39;s the problem? Two marured persons are happy together. If wife is elder than husband what is your prolem or if husband is much older than wife not a matter at all. Bogus reports

MY SEX LOVE ➜ <a href="">tinyurl.com/urflirtyjoypornsex10</a>Their respective health states preventisrlirfmdl
Abishek is 4years yanger then Aishwarya

My Dear Star Couple,I am so so happy to see you all. Have a wonderful time ahead. Thank you so much and God bless.

Ranveer born 1985 and depeka born 1986 and thank you
I have a friend she&#39;s 12 years older than her husband they are still together, she&#39;s not rich.Love counts age is just a number.

Grow up lady. It&#39;s 21st century. Age doesn&#39;t matter

Depika is  only 34. She is my son&#39;s class mate in junior school,

Two advantages of wife being elder are 1. She is most likely die as punistree 2. She will get her respect at least for her age 

Her language is so kiddish... Nonsense video..

Why shocking????

Good for them for ding ding 
Ranvir is D'P's agent. Look at Randi's past. Whose blood is she?
The gap between Sonam and our husband is more.
Wrong info

Ajay devgan is not younger than Kajol, Ajay is 51 and Kajol is 49

Yes

Why are all entangled with Age gap &amp; differences .  Here Like,  Maturity to lead life, Togetherness, Respect towards each other &amp; A Will to love each others subject is the most important aspect.

It  is wrong ranveer is 3months old than deepika

Fake thumbnai

What a RUBBISH video....what is the video trying to show in this era.....issssshhhhh

Thumbnail Deepika padukone&#39;s beautiful look attract me on your video 
Fake ages spotted

Dipika is 34 not 39 and ranveer is 35

Mayanta nahee maanyata hai
k

Nice

Poor baby Nick jonas

10,5 and 8years is not so embarrassing &amp; shocking. it&#39;s normal

Who bathed our Aishwarya Bachan because Aishwarya Bachan is three years older than Abeshek Bachan.
Is Danush aishwarya bollywood couple???

Priyanka has passed 10 years, she has trolled people so much since her husband, Deepika has passed 9 years, no matter what age she does 
Media don&#39;t have better work. They don&#39;t have Any issues in they age what do media get by publishing such issues. What you can do keeping they age now, they are happy leading they life stop posting such shit plz.

You had be forgotten or you don&#39;t know sridevi had been died 

Galat thumbnail lgane ka shrap lgega tumko dekhna

Marriage has a limited age ,when u didn&#39;t do in your time then u have too do marriage to your younger boy.Its not a love, it&#39;s a forcedness.

On

Dhanush and Aishwarya age difference is not such shocking 



What gap is shown in the front? Deepika and Ranveer have a good idea to increase views in the video and the gap of one year is also shocking. Tell me???
Dis is funny when ranveer is one year older to deepika y did she mention how does dat matter to say shocking gap  i thought deepika is older she will say

None of your couples are “shocking” at all!  Our French President is 25 years younger than his wife ... this is remarkable!

Here is nothing shocking

Hindi language
Are you crazy? Are you saying anything Ranveer? Is this God's child? Deepika is very beautiful to him.
great video : 

also watch top 10 national heroes of pakistan: <a href="">

Senseless video, spk in hindi terrible English, what&#39;s shocking abt the age gap! Dud

Those couples who have age gap more than 5 years is not a age gap its a generation gap 

Wow

Very rare facts.
You don&#39;t mentioned here the aishwarya and abhishek bacchhan

Where is the shock

Ranveer Singh age is 35 and Deepika padukone has 34 please do not put that type of thumbnails on your video

Age difference is not important in love.only maatter how much happy in our life.‍️‍
Whts your problem with their age difference? Horrible channel

Where did you get these nonsense wrong information?

1 year is a shocking age gap 

it&#39;s All  abt how much money wealth u have  values n nothing

Fake

good information

Which software you use to edit your YouTube videos

Hahahahaha thank god is ne ghante ni gin liye matlb 1 year koi aisa age gap ni jo bataya jae

This age gap is a joke,so wats wrong wit being 1 yr or 5 yrs diff,plz unless it’s ova 20 yrs then u can make a vdio,Lmao

Jo bhi mere channel ko subscribe karega main bhi uske channel ko subscribe Karungi na ho to comment mein bataen 

No age gap between sonam and anand is only 1yr I&#39;ll  checked it on google

Sonam Kapoor&#39;s father is 10 years younger than her

This is Saif Ali Khan's wish. Nothing else remains. Amruta Singh's mother's age increased by 15 years and Kareena's daughter's age decreased by 10 years.
Preity  zinta  and  gene  good enough  has  no  age  gap

Boney &amp; sridevi is like daughter &amp; father.

Nik and priyanka ki Jodi ma beta ki si lgti h

Age gap of 1 year isn&#39;t called Shocking!! Instead of those 1 year ones..should have mentioned Aishwarya &amp; Abhisek, Amitabh &amp; Jaya,  Rajnikanth &amp; Latha.

Wao

Everyone is confused, father, what to do with age today, even at 50, 30 people went to the beauty parlor which has been created to make even the old people of the world young, who knows how big a job it is. Till then there will be beauty parlor and till then the age will not be known.
Nick Johnson 10 years older than priyanka

Deepika is of 34 and ranveer is of 35 ohhk (I think. That u r dumb

Akshaya kumar nahi h isme
I came here after falling on someone who 14 years older than me and I don&#39;t know what to do in this situation should I forget him

priti zinta age diff is wrong they are 3yr diff

If sonam kapoor is younger to anand by 5 years, there isn&#39;t a huge age gap. God forbid,  anand has capability to produced 20 kids

Ranveer Singh &amp; Deepika Padukone... Nice Couple.. I love both of you

Óo

Òòķoöpohòopkpopppoopppppoppoppooòpòppòppppppòòpòpòòppocu
Chutiya bna re bc 1 year gap kyu dikha re
And also add in ajaydevgan next

Who get startingAdd

Oh god 30 years ka gap

1 to 10 years age difference almost all the couples

Deepika and ranvir is real couples

Aapko apne channel ke liye agar professional voice over chahiye toh sampark karein. shinde.aman619@<a href="">gmail.com</a>Whatsapp-9977277172.

My 12 year old son has been fucked by me.
Really 30 years 
I hate bollywood... Don&#39;t want to waste my time on this..

600 crore business with 2 crore investment, start-up company needs investors<a href="">
Not a ball
...bakwas sala

I like deepran
Understanding + love  and money +success  sabkuch sahi hoga

BakKchodi

Deepika or ranbeer ki jodi atttt5
Priyanka and Nick 
The way you speak is like reading to young children

Why should give fake information in cover photo

Best jodi dipika and ranveer
love has no age no limit
What is the difference after 1 year?
They all look perfect together.....️️️
What is shocking in Ranveer and Deepika huh

What's the 1 year shocking gap?
Ajay and kajol M.D and Aamir khan Kiran Rao Best

Ranveer and Deepika are  the best and made for each other too

What is shocking in deepika and ranbir

Deepika  is 9 year older than ranveer

Saif is 14 years older than  kareena

You said that Ranveer Singh is 30 year old and Deepika is 39 year old.

I am shock when she say sairabanu and dilip Kumar. Age different is 21 year its too much.Kabir bedi and parveen age gap 30 years??

How do you make a thumbnail of a future? Tell me also?
Ajay and Kajol are best couple Who agree give 

Mere or mere husband me me bht age difference tha jb meri.shadi hui mai 17 ki thi or vo 42 k

You both will boycott our people and will keep marrying Deepika, the biggest motherfucker of all,
Ranvir is one year older than Deepika and this 1 year  shocks you? Are you insane?

Disgusting pronunciation
All bollywood news channels are shit.

My husband is 2 years and 3 months older than me... omg how shocking. Here ridiculously showing a one year gap a shocking. 

Mayanta nahi. Manyata
Deepika and ranvir&#39;s jodi is the best

its manyata not mayanta
It's not mayantaIt's manyata
Ranveer &amp; Deepika ka to achha hai Isme shocking kya hai

Thumbnail was heartattack

Bc 1 year difference has been added or even 1 day difference has been added
Click bait
If u don&#39;t know how to make video then don&#39;t do it.  10 years different means what.. from whom 10 years is different

Karan grower h

Ranbeer is younger than dipika.....

Nice

I want to know that app ke hisab se age ka kitna diffrence hona chahiye

Sub se faltu jori aamir khan ka hai chutiya ka choot kitna faltu hai he liked chasmis.
Ritesh and genila best married couple

Come on...  You used ppt

Omg

Money is qualification
No thing is shocking

I  love  sahid and  mira too much

Priyanka Chopra is 12 years older than Nick 

All r happy but as per my perception Nick Jonas looks like younger brother to Priyanka Chopra... N Farah khan looks aunty to shirish kundra.... Well God bless them n let thm be happy together...

Dear she is not mayanta... She is manyata

Priyanka didn't understand that her marriage was so bad that her husband was getting less and her son was getting more and more.
Bakvas

Husband older than wife even 10 yrs, o.k  no shocking,    but wife older than husband by 3.  to above is not o.k . like priyanka actually 12 yrs older than nick ,  and that when she has reached the age 38 , on the verge of mono pause , he a youth of 26 ,  , that is shocking . hopeless ,,  match

Deepika&#39;s age is 34 not 39...

Love is  it is not necessary to discuss for age but it is good women are younger than man.

No problem,no shocking,their life

It seems like it is happening...like the news is being heard.
Why every girls are having same  umm and y only boys 

Akshy Kumar Twinkle Khanna bhul gaye kya
Deepika age is 34 and ranveer age is 35

Where is Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli????????????????

And yes, if you do this then one thing is clear that you have no respect for yourself..otherwise there is no respect for others.
Rest all is fine but let me tell you one thing that in the end of your video you shared the right information but on the cover page you did not share the wrong information and dirty picture otherwise you will not get the punishment for your mistake madam ji.
Why is it a problem? If the couple are happy, that is all that matters.

who like ranveer and deepika please like

Improve your English
Age gap means nothing, as long as both people are mature adults. Love who you love no matter what anyone else says. Wishing these couples all the best

Bad jodi priyanka chopra and nik
What a regressive video! Unsubscribing your channel

My husband 9 years older than me...So what it&#39;s normal

Deepika is 33 years old

Misguiding thumbnail 
Everything is fake

Sadat de majboor.    Recommend for you .    Suggested for you.
Priyanka- Nick &amp; Deepika- ranveer best couple
Lovely couples

Nice couples

ranveer singh but depika padukone! Why not depika singh ouch discusting depika padukone is better.

So what? Trell me

older nahi elder hota hai stupid

Stop these nonsense difference

Ranveer Singh and Deepika best Jodi️️️️️
Ritesh deshmukh and genelia D souza the best jodi

Nice

Worst couple sonam kapoor.. Deepika Ranveer is best
I was shocked with her pronunciation 

She dose know how to pronounce Nick Jonas she said Nick Jons insted of Nick Jonas

1 -5 age difference  is not shocking

Gb
Bakwas...about Deepika and Ranvir Singh

Kabir bedi isn’t 30 years older than his wife

1 year to 5 years isn’t shocking at all

21 year difference My God
Ranveer and Deepika best jodi

Channel ka promotion karne k lia achha tag line dia .... such a great jokes.....

Ranveer and deepika is perfect couple

I just love the couple Priyanka and Jonas beutifull and staylish happy together

Cute couples
chup...hme ink bare m kch in the sun
In k home tour krwa your...
You should just tell the age of them to know their age better

Last one is only a formality

Shit vid. Age is nothing but a number.

It is not older &quot;than&quot; , it is older &quot;to&quot;



Is there any difference in the first year?
What is shocking about 1 yr ,3 yr difference

deepika ranveer married
Bc

My lovely Wed  Nick Jones Priyanka Chopra Any reason Priyanka Choprahate me She my Happiness

Plz subscribe to my friends channel Channel name is ashwanth sakethAnd also like itPlz plz please please  please......

Nothing is shock

All are fake news

love you ranveer singh
Isma to krtti sanon hai he nahi

This video should have been showing how many wives/husbands they have?

Why did dad and mom die? He is 10/11 years old.
Prophet Mohamad and Aisha Prophet Mohamad 43 years older than Aisha..

Unnecessary background sound

Someone is lies

Nick n married Amma
Who is Sonam kapoor???

But sonam kapoor look 15 year younger than her husband

His Aamir Khan not ameer khan
write the names correctly. Sanjay Dutt&#39;s wife is Manyata and not Mayanta

Shocking news only kabir bedi &amp; Parveen ages

Kajol45n ajay 51....fake video...

its not shocking.. shocking is a 70 year old man with a 16 year old girl.. or an 80 year old woman with a 20 year old man... sigh.

Ranveer and deepika has only 1 yr difference but in thumbnail you have written 30 &amp; 39 yrr

Almost no couple have exactly the same age ...1 to 5 years there is almost in all couples

LoooL an age gap of 5 years is too high for you O.O

Ranveer AND Deepika is lovely couple in my vision

Priyanka chopda is only 10 yrs elder thn nick Johan  ! What rubbish  ? Are you mad ? She is 21 yrs elder thn nick Johan  .. rubbish you 

<a href="">5:28</a> Again it’s 6 years.

<a href="">3:22</a>  It’s actually 5 years, idiots.

Brother, if the boy is 10 years old then what is the problem? Have you gone crazy?
Anand Ahuja is 2 years older than sonam kapoor

How does this lying channel have so many followers? Ppl should unsubscribe to this channel full of lies and click bait

Have you forgotten Anush?
How to pronounce the name correctly?
nice information 
Who's Jodi  is the best ?
Deepens....u r a disgrace
Indian women are way too gorgeous,  for them age is just a number

Depika is 32 i think
Not Eglish Only Hindi

Top 10 handsome men in the world#<a href="">

Your narrative is boring

U r such an allu ki patthi
Mayanta nhi manyata dutt..
Who is older preity

They said marrid..haha but the hindu ones has no mangalsutra...example Deepika..juz the day of marriage mangalsutra next moment ntg on her neck then what respect do u have for marriage? Infact juz register marriage

Bokchod information

Via yaar kya jodi hai
So what what happened there they have age gapps when  where you will marry you have Mary what is the age different please comment down

Ranveer Singh is one year older than deepika......what a shocking age difference......I really can&#39;t believe it......I think I am going to have a heart attack over this shocking news......

or,or
I like your voice
she is not manyantha.. her name is manyatha

But age is just a number.

What is this

Mayanta nahi h Manyata dutt name h
What the fuck is wrong with people?.if they are happy,why we are worried about them.age is just a number

Please work on your content before making it.....

Mayanta....औ or manyata
Lair
Its not Mayanta Dutta , her name is Manyata Dutta

Then why in thumbnail you wrote that

Fake

Nature at peace<a href="">

Dilip kumar and saira banu both are alive. You said they had an age gap of 21 yrs.

Ab sab perfect to mil nhi jayenge tum mind apna jyada chalate ho

Wrong information

Does age matters 4 marriage.......

Ghatiya video usse more Ghatiya voice
The difference of five years from one is shocking??? Even a little.  Your video shocked people.
It is manyatha not mayanta

Hello Guys Kya Love marriage pe Age Pe 7 8 year tak Bhade Ho tho Ye galat Hai Guys Please Answer me

What about akshay and twinkle khana

Not mayanta it's manyata
Hello my dear Indian friends. I love you very much. India is a great country. A few years ago I visit Bangalore for a commercial recording. Have a heart for kind people. Also with some friends....so my friends if you have some free time, please check out my youtube chennel, and subscribe to it. It will be a huge help. For all of you. I will come to India again soon.
WARNING!!ONLY PPL WHO ARE BORN ON THE SAME DAY AND TIME CAN MARRY EACH OTHER.... age difference nhi chlega bilkul bhi 
What is so shocking about these age gaps?

This is fake news

Priyanka looks like Nick Jonas's mother.
What a shocking age difference between Ranveer Singh and dipika!! LoL 

Aksay Kumar sir was bullied
You are showing in main page deepika is nine year older than ranver but you telling ranver is one year older than deepika....... Don&#39;t tell lie .... Don&#39;t think we are fool and stop the cheap tricks

Deepika Is 6 months Younger to Ranbeer. Pls check the facts and then broadcast from your channel.

Ok

I think that are fake results

Deepveer is the best couple

Why do you think 1year difference is shocking?!!!!!!

Deepika Padukone is 1986 born. She isn&#39;t 39 years.

Bollywood couples. <a href="">

OMG 1 year younger

OMG 1 year younger

Anyone in lockdown

You can&#39;t pronounce properly

If they love each other...

I&#39;m so shock I just find outMy wife older than me 1 dayShocking couple

Jhoota to mat bolo

True... BC... MC channels...

Improve ur articulation, Mam..

This video should be deleted for being this stupid

Ritesh and jenla Deshmukh nice cupl

You talk to them, is it God or is it the earth that gives food, have you ever made a video of the poor?
Ranbir and dipika Jori mast h

Ranveer and Deepika ️️ my fav couple loads of love from Pakistan ️

U forgot to mention madhuri dixit also

U forgot bollywood badsah saharukh khan ..
What happened to Saharukh Khan?
Nice actor actress
What&#39;s so shocking? You must be looser... do something better

Your channel is telling lie. You should be truthful.

You forgot to mention about Aishwarya and Abhishek. AISHWARYA is 3 years older than Abhishek Bacchan.

Chal jhuti
ab pyar kitna he wo bhi bata do age number dikhaya to Numbers kuch hote nhi pyaar or understand kitna he wo many rakhta he ye sab saath he aaj dekhlo means age weg kuch nhi hota

How much difference should there be 
Nothing shocking here

Is a reason why I love Indian there don’t care what age are the women there still Marie them

No need to mention 2-3 yrs up n down

My husband age 29 my age 30 I have 2 kids love mrg 
Asin nice car
My god... Saira bano n dilip kumar age difference 21years n sanjay dutt n manyta 19 years diff..  or someone's to 30year diff b tha......pyaar andha hota h ya paisa Or women become blind after seeing..
What are u fool 1 ya 2 yr farak to har couple mei hota hai

by far the best age - between...Ranveer and Deepica..though  they have their past stories.

If wife is older than husband that’s shocking....

At last they corrected the agegap between deepveer

Behan presentation English or name pronunciation should be improved first.
Age doesn&#39;t matter in love....

PC and NJ are best

Bakwaas video.
Your numbers are wrong.  Please do your research properly before making videos.

age diference is not a matter love is important and its common in film industry

U r Title is not shocking as all age difference r not shocking?

Depika and Ranveer are at the same age ......you can goggle it

Deepveer
Kabir Bedi ki bb hai ya pothi
Pagal.... unfollow u ... Kuch v front pe dalti ho... Or English pdhne v ni ati

Even a difference of 1 day made the woman crazy.
Does 1 year and 5 year difference matters ?

Fake

Ranveer and Deepika are perfect couple all of them.. ️ Who is agree with me than like.

Larky hamesha larki sy bary he hony chahye,wohe couple paiyara lagta hy,bari wife to aik baby k bad he aur bari lagna shuru ho jati hy husband sy

Satya vallu celebrities so adhi chasina avaritho vunna e society ami Madhu chudu Satya celebrities a ok celebrity ni marriage chasukontundhi normal person ni chasukovachuga Satya valu chayyaru valu darkness lo vunnaru really valaki kavalisinavi society lo oka fame bank balance eka adhi vali vadhu life anntana akkadiki ina anntha distance lo ina shop chastharu anii enjoy a korukontaruSara Satya vallu appudanna avarivi ina pravachanallu vunntara ,a wish day to day life lo soul purify chasthara poni ela Ani culture chapthavinntara vala life drink ,,get togetherge ,parties,yoga healthy food nintlona 4to5 maids cooks vunntaru oka manchi samskaram eruvuriki vunndadhu ,, foundation a daroga lakhapotha valu elavunntaru latha dad padina vinna ,grany dhachina pension money bangles kosam dad ki avasaram vacinapudu na biddaku kaunda avariki evvali annadhi chinnapatinundi daddy a foundation vasukonavaru ala Ani daddy bros ni oka manchi nature tho okarin DSp chasaru okarini railways stock incharge ga chasaru daddy Dr ga surgery narchukona ok manchi surgery Dr ga yanno dad sampadhanatho Lani valaku free ga chasaru Satya dad intha kastam tho vasukonaru chani poinapudu akkada work chasaei valu anndharu vachadu,, ippatiki Dr venkatesullu abbaei Dr yugandhar DMHO ina padda sir vala babu sir Lana anntaru Satya intha kastam lo vachina daddy ok one year nannu dad ni na dhagara patukoni chudali anukonnanu kaki kidney problem vachi 6 months ki vali poyaru daddy natho ok frd ga vundi intha strong chasaru dad daughter ga nannu a thapu chayyanu
Ok p00

Idiotic . Ranveer Singh  being one year older than Deepika is NOT shocking.

Age difference is not a matter.. R they living happily or not it matters

Is one year younger than his wife is shoking ?

+1 subscribe fo4 dhannush

What&#39;s shocking in anand and sonam

Bc pura information leke video bana Deepika and Ranveer dono 34 ke hai. Sahi content pe bana video laudu

U told that rabbit sing is younger than deepika

Nice

telling all lies to the people to that ranveer singh is nine year older than deepika padukone we should not trust this channel but i will not trust it never ever

Above 20 y/o  age doesn&#39;t matter
everything jhut
All bill shit...if they are on same page well tuned years does not matter ...I dont understand what is extra ordinary in making this vdo

Love deepika and ranveer 

Vai age se koi Matlab nehi he ? Matlab land ki he kiski land kitni kam karti he

<a href="">

Shahid looks younger than meera..my husband is 8 years older than me but looking younger than me Lol

Must hai

Its fake

really shocking that all these are age factor couples, Stay connected.

Only Deepveer 
Q sqqqqq winding
Q sqqqqq winding
How much age difference should a perfect couple have?
Thumbnail ki maakichu
The cute couple

What&#39;s about Salman khan

Ranveer and Deepika are best pair with perfect age gap!

Ladki badi ho to shocking hota hai but ladke to 5/7 saal bade hote hi hai

When a guys is older no one talks about it. My husband is 24 yrs older than me though 

Ranveer and Deepika are perfect for each other! ️️️. Wishing both a happy and healthy family life!

U guys have messed up certain name spellings and the pronunciation. Also Ranvir is one year older than Deepika- Big deal huh !

Fake thumbnail 

Deepika te ranveer di age 34 ah same ah bakwaas videos pande rehnde u tube te fake videos
Priyanka chopra and nick jodi ghaint ni lagdi nick oda munda lgda
30 years is more age difference

You’re bullshitting rangeer and deepika are both 34

So what&#39;s wrong with your wife&#39;s being older than you? You can learn a lot from her!

It’s Nick Jonas .. not Jones .
Hopeless
Age doesn&#39;t matter.
Clickbait smh
19 year age difference is way to long husband dies early mean while wife still alive

 Dip spring
Deepranveer is same age please
One year older shocking kayse hua?

One year to 5 years age gap is not shocking

Deepika &amp; Ranvir....
When depika mam and ranveer sir age difference is 1 year then why the hell have you people has mentioned it as husband: ... And wife:... Age difference is 9 years. Please don&#39;t post those unreal wall papers of the vedios to attract the viewers. Always write the truth, that may increase your channels subscribers.

Ranveer and Dipeeka parfect capal

Age has nothing to do in love

Age is just a number... So it&#39;s doesn&#39;t matter....

the voice 

I like nick jonas and priyanka chopra age gape. This love is real true love

Sridevi passed away on vacation 2yrs ago

Hey..To get the video main views, how much more will it do..Ranveer N Deepika's next go to Google and see..Then make a video.
What did u show in thubnail stop fooling people

Bell icon was disturbing between the video

A hole click bait
Don&#39;t waste your time these infos are absolutely essential for the personal development development of the country etc etc lol put some useful videos

Most fev ranvir deepika power couple
Please subscribe my channel ..<a href="">

Randeep is perfect

I am 20 minutes older than my wife. No seriously.

DEEPVEER ufff I cant handle DEEPVEER ️<a href="">8:30</a> DEEPVEER best till last 
There is no shocking difference of 1 year.
Ranveer deepika best Jodi.
Saif  ali  an kareena  wrong  differance  30 year

What! One to 8 yrs is not a shocking age differenceThese are normal age differences Wrong info with lots of errorsAlso age difference between boney and sridevi is not 10 yr

She is Manyata..not Mayanta

1 year is so shocking!!! ( yeah right)

Hope you wake up and say this mistake first.
Rabir and dipika

Reste sharo khan et gauri khan ! !??
3000000Can. You. Pay. Now. Only.  Please give it fixed yes. 

Last one is best pair

OMG 1 YEAR OLDER. They need to be born in same day and year also time, otherwise it is a crime

Omg !!what a shocking age gap between ranveer and deepika ..meh tooo saadmeee me hi pohoch Gaya .

Haa Ranveer singh is 1 year older than deepika haa 
Mayanta Dutt
Ranveer singh and dipika ka jodi mast hai super

5 years is nothing

Ranveer and Deepika's pair still looks good
What is Clickbaiter?
Your vedio is fake

Do you have any objection to this marriage? Is it a false video?
Shocking tumaara title
Deepika is 33 years old

Beautiful

Fake news

30,21,19,15 is shocking rest are not....

Ranbir and Deepika is

Shocking?really? There was nothing like this

U useless plus shameless people to get more views u  put in the wallpaper that the age of deepika is 39 and ranveer is 30

Ram Leela couples nice JodiRan deepi best jodi
bad land
bad land
Manyata not manyata
Such a useless video.. full of spelling mistakes. Facts are not accurate.

30 is way older man no offense are you marrying your son/ daughter

Oh Chudel Jhooti is making fun of Deepika on home page, she also made fun of Ranveer in the video 9 years ago, tune Chudel Jhooti
Saira bano and Dilip kumar best jodi

1 year bhi shocking  hota h kya

Mayantaher name is Manyata
Sanjay dutt&#39;s  wife name is Manyata not mayanta lol
Stupid news time waste

Preity Zinta is 10 years older than her husband

Where is aishwarya and Abhisek age different ???

Demi and tanvi is  nice jodi

One intellect and brother..
Deepika and ranveer Singh is the best couple

What about virat and anushka

3rd class topic

Deepveer
Have you ever think that when nick was 10 yrs priyanka was 20 yrs like woow...love is actually blind!!️

<a href="">

How is 1 year difference shocking. You piece of Shit.

F..king

Sb joot hai.21 years ki gap ho sakti hai kya.

K,l

Rangers and dipika good age and spr joddi .I like this joddi.

mayanta nahi bewkoof manyata
like shar subscribe my csnal
Report this video sala scam Deepika is 33 not 39

Have you told your family your age?
Looks likebits money followed by love

What is shown on the screen and what are the actual differences BC
Who is danush and Aishwarya...Reply me

Sanjay Dutta wife name is manyata no mayanta!!!
Sub sy gandha kaam perinha nay keya h,shame on
Nick Jons it&#39;s Jonas
15 number couple
In another video they hv shown Farah n shirish 11 years n here its 8???

Wrong age. Genelia n ritesh r bachpan ke dost how is it 9years older he is??? Wrong wrong I disagree

Asin is so beautiful

In the front you lure your visitor showing Deepika and Ranveer age gap around 7 years seriously

It&#39;s not important age difference.         But Ranveer sing and Deepika is perfect couple

Ajay is 5 yr older than kajol.   Not 8

<a href="">2:29</a> Preity : It&#39;s Goodenough

Oh brother die for me...... Chucha bhi.... 1 year is shocking ‍‍
juthi

Juthi

Tujhe bataya tha kya inhone

Saifeena is the perfect couple 

Ranveer singh is 1 year older than deepika good couple

Liars depeeka is only 33 years old and ranveer is  34

BTW your voice is more shocking the the age difference..

Ser good in fani in hindi
My favourite couples of Bipasha and Karan and Deepika or Ranveer

Ranveer and Deepika 1class match

Omg there is a gap of 30 years in father's life.
Sabse badhiya couple ranveer and deepika

What crazy society have we kept? Why have we put such a hashtag?
Itna gap to nhi hoga sister 30 years or twenty years

Vua channel should be closed

Thanks for telling me the difference of 1 year 
What is &quot;shocking&quot; in 1 year or even 5 years difference in both sides?

time ki ma chodi

Ranveer born 1985 and deepika 1986

Soley picture meh toh dono barabar tha

Darmendra 12 years old nehi hoga hema sehut
Saf Ali khan and kareena 10 years difference

for last modified only

Small
That may not be accepted.. First you will know the name then you will learn the knowledge later..
BeSt Couple iS 8

Dhanush and aishwaria ko meine kabhi nahee suna hai yeh kown hai???

Your voice  is more annoying

Like me and husband I am older

Who cares.  Love is love.

Sridevi ji mom is always first in cinema world

and if the couple has got 1 day , 1 minute and a second deference then according to u it should be reported on news papers 

Ranvirsing is Sindhi, that is why it is so good. Ranvirsing will always keep Deepika happy, it will never hurt Deepika because Ranvirsing is good.
I am 1 min alder than my wife

Ranveer is 1yr older than deepika ....... what is shocking u in this ???

Bajwas na kia kro saste views k lie

Does  not  matter  who  is  older  love  means  everything

Amir nhi ​​amir khan ha
Age doesnot matter in true love

You pronounce aamir khan wrong
JhOottt  ritik is 16 year older than genelia

deepika and ranveer best jodi every types

Jpt you know nothing

Deepica is 34 years old not 39

Ranbeer and Deepika
30 OMG
Farah Khan is ugly
Ranbeer and deepika couple is perfect

Ranweer sing got old woman
It's Manayata...not Mayanta...speak well, why don't you come...gawar
Age is just number

Fake ....

Lame....

Nice

What a liar. Hahaha

Stunningly beautiful people
Ranveer and Dipika
Ranveer Singh and Deepika Pauline are the best couple

There are some mistake soha ali khan and her husband has only one year differents

What is age,when love is there?

Main is 46am 20 so what

Ajay and kajol
So what?

Age is just a number.

my beautiful wife
Preyanka to Amma dikhti h <a href="">neck.ki</a>

Sonam 2 years younger. Wrong info

Brother he believes
Do unsubscribe to MC's channel because everyone has said 1, 3, which one is shocking  and it is still being said.
Love u ranvir and dipika

Ranvir DeepikaRithesh Jeniliya Kajol Ajay Devegan jodi
U r to much outside esse jada diff bi hoga
Yes you are right

Bkwas news   h koi aur kam to h nhi

Pasha and Karan couple the sam face it’s amazing 

Bakwaaas...
Lovely

None of them seem to be &quot;shocking&quot; in India culture its normal for a man to be from few to several years older than woman, it&#39;s pretty rare for woman to be older, but still not shocking

From indonesian like indian

The best couple is Ritesh &amp; Genelia. God bless them

only 1 year gap hetween preety zinta and her husband

Only bony Kapoor looks 50yrs older than sridevi

Tell the  age  difference between  you  and  your  husband

Priyanka chopra tw apne husband ki ammi lag rhi hai

Ajay Sir and kajol nice kappal

Nick jone  and preeti zenta ages  are very different

So how it&#39;s shocking?

U missed milind somani

She is not mayanta. She is manyata dutt

Perfect couple dipika padhu and ranvir
Sexy voice
6.37 , it&#39;s not mayanta ,its manyata.
Nothing shocking here!

Pls don&#39;t show fake captions,Ranveer sir is just one year older than Deepika mam

Age doesn&#39;t matter so long as they love themselves

Deepika n ranbir ️
how much age difference between you and your husband?

Useless video.. no matter age in relationships you idiot..

My husband is 2 year old then me

Girls like elders more.
Areeee Yaaar r u mad I think? just go away

OMG...they all look same age... who cares we are all the same height laying down 

juti larki

is there ANY point to this video. Why make a big deal out of thin air ? you learn nothing valuable from this ridiculous video.

In love no any age are seen just like {pyar ma sab jayas ha}

Sanjay dutt&#39;s wife name is Manyata not  *Mayanta*......please  check the spelling  first. ....

Thumbnail is misleading.

When there is a fight between husband and wife, there is no value of age anymore...everyone is like me.
Priyanka chopra 10 yrs old  than nicky ohh my god...

good

mayanta nhi manyata
10years ok but 30 years  to much

Fake details spreading video completely shit

Everyone talked about old people but there was no fight between Abhishek and Aishwarya.
Lahari jhuti uski Aulad  b jhoot bolegi

Jhutiyan Saali
Ranveer and Dipika they both are amazing

Everyone's coil...they have it.
Full Rong information you

My is 10years older than me

Can ane one tell the name of background music please??

Neeraj kumar
So what&#39;s shocking, after some time 5- 10 year gap makes no difference

You have said nothing, you fool!
Aishwriya is 9 yrs older than abhisheikh  bachan

Eccesive will lead u one day towards the declination so Priyanka  Chopra and nick Jonas age is too much differences. I can&#39;t say It&#39;s a perfect couple,  whereas, Im thinking that one day they might become like shafali khan and his wife.

Juhi Chawla is also big, her name is not there
All fake
everything is false
So what same pole and hole... After insertion same effect and ha ha ha sound only

Ranveer and Dipeka are the most beautiful couple, I love you guys...

Runpika love you
Akhay kha h
Ya me stil shocked....who cares fo age gap yaar...agar ladka bada hi to dats ok typ...nd ladki badi to oh shit shes elder...when vl dis thinking collapse of our minds.....what has age to do with..dats jst a no

Now, according to you, will I marry someone with the same date of birth? You made a video of all the useless things.
Tats Kiran bedi
im 33 yrs n my boy friend 24......but still i look younger than him......

Sanjay dutt wife&#39;s name is manayta not mayanta okay and 1to 5 year&#39;s difference what&#39;s shocking

Ranveer and deepika couple is best

Anushka Ane Kohli??
Nick jonas looks like priyankas son‍️
Click bait
Deeran age distance  is better ( dee= deepika) and( ran = ravveer)

Im still in shock, what is the SHOCKING in this video?

Sbse mst my fvrt,,,dipika nd rnbir

Sbse mst my fvrt,,,dipika nd rnbir

@<a href="">6:33</a> Mayanta Dutt
Anand ahuja only 5 year elder than sonam kapoor its not a big difference

10 no. and 17 nno. couple..... I am shocked really 

First correct your words maynta dutt nahi hain manyta dutt hain okk............................ Anpad gavar
Oh, they're the same age, so they really know each other 
Why talk about age gap when no one cares

Yrrrrrrrrrr 19 21 30 15 Yeh sab boht bara gap hai especially 30 or 21

Wrong information in video. Correct info is Ranveer Singh is 34 and deepika is 33.

Sanjay dutt wife name Manyata dutt is correct.
Ranveer. Deepika lovely

Full fake
Hmmmm  xo
Bakwash.autat.1.53koi.jyada.nehi.hai.air.ajajy.kaljol.best.jodi

1year is not shocking...The husband is supposed to be 1to 3 years older

Ya kitni bakwas harkat ha yar is video ma eik hi couple ka age difference sab sa kam ha or usi ko title ma deepeka with 39 years old and Ranveer with 30 years old sa paste kia hoa ha BAKWAAS HARKAT

O.M.G very very SHOCKING age difference yar tum han tum agar toh tum is channel per meri tarhan galti sa aa gaye ho na toh man lo kay ya channel sach ma eik mazak ha suspense kay nam pay dhaba ha ya channel
The seventeenth one is shocking 30 years differences

I think some of the information is wrong

No matter how old Shahid becomes, he will look like a teenager...
Oh my God number five is so shocking ....
5 yrs wife is younger is not shocking .. it is normal..

Why is the age Gap so much overrated!!!! Does it really matter!!!

Aamir Khan's wife was very upset
Click bait. This is bad.

Ranveer and Deepika are one of the finest..

One to five year older or younger is not shocking.

Big deal! Which era do you live ?

Age does not matter ,,,what matters is love

prink tu gaye kamse
It&#39;s their personal life. U fuck

Zut h
Deepika ki age 33 hai channel wale bhai घोगा 39 nahi hai kuch bhi video mat make
Viruskha Most beautiful famous and lovely couple 

Age gap is quite enough

What is their age if you don&#39;t know please don&#39;t do this falltu videos and nothing happens in age difference see their true love 

Ranavirsingh and dipika

Not Mayanta Dutt, it's Manyata Dutt
pronunciation is too bad .uneducatedN aisi stupid info kisko chahiye.wo b terese.Google he

Not mayanta. Her name is manyataa
Deepveer is the most perfect ones...

i think you are fan of ranbir singh

Fucking blusters
Yes older admin

Farrah khan is only 8 years older or 25 years?

Don&#39;t you have anything to do.

Wrong information

Usme knsa badi bt h
Its bulshit that Daif Ali khan older than Karina only 10 years.He is more older

Mayanta nhi manyata
The thumbnail is fake....

Deepika Jodi is nice

Priyanka Chopra is 11 yrs older than Nick Jonas and that is Jonas not Jones

Bc such a tati awaj and presentation 

Came here only to c the comments .of course it will be full of facts about age of deepveer

Worst presentation , pathetic pronounciation and hell lot of wrong information. Sorry, put down your YouTube channel.

Deepika Padukone&#39;s age 33 years. She is not 39

Deepika nd ranbir is best couple

Mayant nahi mayata
Fake fake fake

You guys are also perfect, you are no less than anyone else, you are dependent on your style, guys.
Hello a husband being older than his wife is normal....other way around is genetically something wrong ...get it?

All

Fake chnl

<a href="">7:57</a>  What
17 one, 30 yrs (omg)

Who successfull is older also

What about Anushka Sharma and Virat Koholi

Phaku Chand
Sut marani kala
Deepika Ranbir best

fuck you

What equality do you want?
Kareena and saif ka itna hi gap hai kya

so boring

It is not fact

Yaar amazing jodi of bollywood to reh gyi Juhhi chawla and her husband

Typing error. Deepika is 93 and Ranbir is 03.  Only caption read.

So bring 1 year younger than ur wife is “such a big” age difference????

Ranveer and deepika are perfect couples who agree like
Wastage of time

beautiful coupl ranver and deepika 

v love sweet deepika he Deserv loyl partner and ranver is so shut up

depika younger than ranvr, full stop ok 

Sharm aani chahiye tumhe Dipika is younger then Ranveer Singh

Music name please

Nice
