Anisha Jain&#39;s voice is so good

I feel like they are overacting 

To be honest Parineeti needs a new stylist man...

These people are so ignorant....who styled people before them

Styling has now become a profession in the last ten years but in early two thousands it was not even known.

It&#39;s Anaita Shroff who gave a new face to the profession

Are how to be a celeb stylist?

We all have loved aishwarya&#39;s princess blue gown and that floral purple one it was like heaven when it came l was just blown away it was so so gorgeousssssssss ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️till date cant forget what aishwarya&#39;s wore this time l loved it  ️️️️️️️thanks y&#39;all beauties for styling her so beautifully noone can do better Cannes than her ️️️️ ofcourse Sonam is fashion goddesss ️️️️️️the best ️️️its so right when the stylist said on lndia Sonam and Rhea has changed whole bollywood fashion game its so true all credit after they came people really start noticing about their outfits and dresses more ️️kudos to sonam and Rhea u go girls 
Coz if its changes then it wont be fun anymore ️️️️️loves the line its true when u do what u love then its not work its just a whole beautiful happy life ahead it️️thats why always follow your passions and dreams ️️Sonam and Rhea has changed the whole fashion industry game coz in Hollywood its pretty normal but in lndia Sonam and Rhea have brought the whole fashion world game u guys deserve more appreciation and love for this coz noone could do better than you both queens and take our fashion game to international level so that now international designers want to collaborate with us love you Sonam and Rhea noone could do better than you both u have shown way to youngsters like us and open whole world of fashion to us otherwise if something came in europe new york it came to us after 10 years 

I am sorry but it&#39;s not Rhea nd sonam but Anaita shroff, who&#39;s the OG... May be in recent times Rhea has taken it to a different level...

Love these interviews!!! Keep them cominggg

You can love or hate Sonam and Rhea, but there’s no denying that Rhea is solely responsible for Bollywood upping their fashion game 

The stylist were more humble and sophisticated, while the actresses  who wore  their innovative  ideas were more fairly ill tempered and arrogant.

i love how much it is growing

Amazing informative video loved it.

I love bollywood️
Manly clothes = powerful 

i am 12 years old i want to become a fashion icon or insta fashion influencer like rihanna i dont know what to do i need help

Styling is playing an important role now days ️️



Rhea is a stylist 

Bilal bhai hello
Bilal bhaivhello
Bilal bhai
Nice

Bhai aapka ho gaya! What next .... ‘cine jagaat ke chatpati batein.....’

?
