Xx <a href="">0:42</a>

This song reminds me a young lady we lost in covid

We all face a lot of problems in our lives and then we love life because we never got it again.
My favourite song love you zindagi
This song always raise me up

I love  this
Dont Ever Let Your PAST To blackmail your PRESENT To Build A Beautiful FUTURE    -SRKMY FAV LINE... 
Not everyone would understand this movie.... But ppl who know would know.... They would know...

This song is very helpful again start life......just thinking never loss nothing  beautiful future can understand your life and enjoy with smile 

Every one leave me but then I realized that the world is same with out them so i should love my self

Started taking Alua Bhatt seriously after watching her enact in this movie the role of a abused and lost girl! This alongwith Raazi was the best that gave her career a turn, I presume and she is one among the best that the new genre has ever produced...Kudos to the entire team of this movie ....one of the best movies of SRK watched after the likes of Swades and My name is Khan etc ..Great movie...loved it to the core

Happiest song ever composed and I have never seen SRK act as versatile a character as this one. Literally got into the skin of a clinical and we&#39;ll experienced, the best psychologist and therapist in town! Nothing nothing more endearing than this!! Love you Shah Rukh my favourite actor and one of the few crushes in Bollywood 

Love u zindegi
<a href="">4:10</a> thanks for watching

Hi

<a href="">4:10</a> i want her

Anybody in 2024

Good Morning Love you zindagi
Love you life and what else love me 
Amit Trivedi. Bringing smiles always.

Love i you me i i you 
Amazing and motivational songIt is my exam and when I listen to this music I think that life is not all about exam and marks it&#39;s about enjoyment

Favourite song 
I am also the same patient
Ye ruin ur future, dialogue aaj etne din baad sumajme aya
Today I&#39;m feeling very dejected and suddenly this song appears in my playlist and turns my sadness into happiness. 

I am suffering from depression this song help me alot

2024 attendance lied 
This is my fav SRK movie of recent  years.

2024
TRUE SONG AND LYRICS (each and every word)... to get MOTIVATED AGAIN under today&#39;s ONGOING STRESS, LIFE CHALLENGE.... everyone facing 

I request to my people,&quot;if they ever find that my comment here &quot;. I wanted to play this song in my funeral when my chapter get disclosed...

I am suffering from depression   For 2 years and this song gives me feel good vibes

Only failure peoples, with no money n career, failed in love n hv several other prob to face could understand the meaning of this song n movie ‍

We search for old memories, not for old songs.

slowly coming out of depression after  6 months and this song feels so hard

Who is listning this in 2024?

Congratulations love you zindagi crossed 100 Million views
One of the best movies of SRK ....

Big shout out to Amit Trivedi for composing such a beautiful masterpiece 

My state goa 
Ki darun! 
I wish everyone's life would love you
Everythings is fine in this movie but actress like Alia......Gali dena ka maan krta aur issa dekh kr ak he chij yaad aati hai Ra*di
Anyone in 2024 ️‍
I need mental or crezy girl
I love you zindagi 
<a href="">3:11</a> I don&#39;t know about anyone else but I also use to talk to my chair since I was in class 6 now I&#39;m in my 1 year in college and till now I&#39;m doing the same thing .

This song bro  such good vibes

I don't know English but I feel very relaxed after listening to this song.
Im suffering from migration and i dont know why i feeling disbalancd and also i have cyst in overies pray for me ..that i get well soon 

This is what this song says and teaches what life is all about If someone gets it This is for others and for someone else also eat west.
I love this song. But sometimes life is really hard

I love you too 
Me whenever I plan a trip to GOA 

I am facing death phobia since I was 15 and now I am 19.When I feel anxious I listen this song and it really works 

I want to live my childhood again...️
The younger generation of the 2000s &amp; 2010s will have no clue what this movie really means other than the music itself. It has a strong message about how love and life can be hard to balance out between family and a companion

Bro&#39;s and sis ,This song should be played in every paliative care hospitals ,worldwide

<a href="">3:00</a> 
Life 
These kinds of songs really heal and are meaningful

Get up and work hard for your dreams..best of luck....you will definitely do it 

When you in love Realised love you zindagi 

When I started my relationship with this song, I started loving it. Love. you life
Really this song work 

This movie like a medicine .kaira  

After &quot;BYE&quot; came out I kinda forgot about this song but suddenly I came across this song  it gives so positive vibes

Peace 
i wish theyd retained the entire quote in the beginningDont let the past, blackmail your prsent to ruin a beautiful future

Zindagi tu roj meri marti he still love you zindagi…!
This song is my favourite...whenever I feel depressed under stress, I listen to this song, I get relief and feel very good...its lyrics work as my medicine...Love You Zindagi 
I Love this song 

Best song
Lets make it 100M club ️‍
2024? Anyone

MY PARENTS LOVE THIS SONG

Nice song ️
Wow black mail your present to ruin a beautiful future.

My fav healing movie Alia so cute
Love you zindagi most beautiful track ️️
Beautifull Song 
January 9th 2024 

Love you zindagi. Thankyou  making beautiful song
Bye bye bye...that's how simple girls can do 
Love you Zindagi
This song is not only song,lyrics. But it also works as tharepy

The girl sing this song 999999person beautiful

Every year UPSC clears the prelims but there is a lot of stress and anxiety. I don't want to waste my parents' money..
Love you zindagi 
best movie to watch and feel calm and happy

If Gandhi ji says that self help is the best help then Self love is the best love in a person&#39;s life

Who came here after watching neha mam&#39;s vedio?

This song listing to be energetic

Old SongsNew SongsMoods &amp; GenreTop AlbumsTop ArtistsTop PlaylistsPodcast￼Love You ZindagJo dil se lage Usey keh do Hi, Hi, Hi , Hi Jaane do, Jaane do Dil se chale jaane do Keh do ghabrahat ko Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye… Love you zindagi Love you zindagi Love you zindagi Love me zindagi
Happy new year 
Love this song!

Lovely song 

Yess tomorrow is 01\01\2024

Love you zindagi....
I like the song 
Healing capsule️
2024 attendance here

No he doesn&#39;t have much knowledge about Coding activities

He told me that whatever plan he made was just to save me.
Thank god this song exists!️

Me who overthinks a lot can deeply feel the song

LoveThis song

25 December 2023 who is here

A master of Movie..a truly heart touching movie

Why bollyhoodare not making this type of song now?

Jjip00òjjjlrhju5wwwqhu9o0od⁵
Supar  song I love this song so much

DO NOT LET THE PAST BLACKMAIL YOUR PRESENT TO RUIN YOUR BEAUTIFUL FUTURE.

It heals

This song and the movie has really helped me alot to come out of the depression I have been throughout 2023. I learnt how to love myself and love my life again. Thank you Dr.Jug

My dog had died on 1st October 2020. I was so helpless and broken at that point of time because he was with me for 14years. I lost my only best friend on that day. This song was the only therapy that helped and aided me, it helped me to recover through the loss that was occurred. I still listen to this song and sometimes I miss my dog so much!! but Alas! this is life and everybody has a time limit for staying alive. I miss you so much wherever you are you will be my only best friend. ‍

Sana Arora&#39;s version of this song is far better than the original. 

This song is for you, from my love.  I can't say I love you in front of you because I can't speak properly in front of you.
Thank you life for meeting me again
This is fake smile nothing

I started my therapy today .i feel better

After listening to this song, I am saying that I am sorry. ">2:46</a> <a href="">2:46</a>
Its 2023 ending but still do magic in millions of heart

My favourite song is also love you, Zindagi I love this song
Love this song......Love you zindgi 13-dec-2023......

love u zindagi 
We used to sing this song in our class with my friends and now i miss them when hear this song it reminds me of my friends 

India is great in music 

Don&#39;t let your past blackmail the present to ruin a beautiful future!

The name of this song should be <b>Therapy</b>

This song came when I was 6 years old and I used to love Vibeing on it with my friends and now when I am 13 I still love this song as much as I did 7 years ago

Thankyou for this beautiful song

 nice song
I love u zindagi 
When the song was released I didn't understand much Hindi but now I do, and whenever I feel sad I listen to the song
Cool!Gardening freely!Living happy playing,smiling,positive energy!
Love you my poor life 
I was a schizophrenic patient.. I had so much anger issues.. Self harming thoughts..Anxiety Attacks Because of some childhood trauma but after 1.5 years of suffering I am cheerful Thanks to Clonazepam

I sometimes become like this..and i enjoy it.

Whenever I demotivate, I feel kriti hu tb mai ye song sunti hu and I feel better.
<a href="">3:07</a> - <a href="">3:11</a> is such a nice candid moment between the two actors. Feels like this wasn’t scripted and that it was perhaps a BTS/Blooper which was so nice that they used it in the final edit.

I have my own channel if you like you can watch Anyone can give meaning of this full song like 1st line in hindhi line in English 2nd line in English Thanks in Advance

Please make my comment viral
this song literally osm

I remembered my best friend who sings this song

Anyone from 2023 here..And yet this song never gets old...

In this song I think that if you don’t love your own life you didn’t achieve any goal also if you don’t forget your bad past you never remember your good future

Srk
In the world full of depressed people including this song helps you to get out of it 

Self love is a biggest flex everr! 

Her voice is soooooooo relaxing and soft it touches my heart I love her voice it&#39;s amazing
I love this song this masterpiece deserves much more
SRK AND ALIA BHATT
Highly motivational song!

I watched this movie back in 2016, but now I can feel this movie and song!! 

SRK&#39;s screen presence is something else man 

You look like a skibidi  camera
On tomorrow my best friend in college ditched me  .from then I feel so disturbed anf disappointed..but I always belive in God that whatever he does with us that will good for us ..so besides all the problems just enjoy and chilling with this song. Because life will not take back again ..

Very lovely Charrecter of Srk

I am cry love you zindagi
Always felt like i am alone and there is no one I could  count on when i am in need but after watching this movie and while I am listening to this song I came to a life changing realisation that I have to stop relying on other people to find me when I am low instead I should just go and ask for help straight away. Everyone has something going on in their lives and I should never be s burden to them. Also if you are broke and don’t have money to spend on therapists , listening to songs like these and talking to someone  helps trust me.

Wow

found it, took me months to get up from procrastination to search for this gold...

Love you Zindagi 
This song really makes me happy and unstressed. This song goes to my past and makes me happy and emotional  Love you Zindagi !!! !

MPST Sreejith

Alia + Srk Chemistry 
Life is difficult but there is light at the end of the tunnel

<a href="">0:20</a> - <a href="">1:35</a>

Love you zindagi 
Mumma
Just watched this movie..SRK&#39;s role is such a iconic character I mean he can make Dear Zindagi 2,3,4.....20,30.Dear Zindagi1 is about a female Director life with childhood trauma..In DearZindagi 2  SRK may counseling a doctor, politician,gangster anyone and it goes on.

Hi

Nov 2023
Love zindagi.
Very beautiful.
Aane do aane do jane do jane do,,, kehdo in ghabrahati ko bye bye byeeeeee..
Yes
Don't know when will I add this song to my insta story 
This songs makes us feel love ourselves and that one person is we ourselves. We should love ourself. Loving own doesn&#39;t mean selfish. You can take better care of loved ones when you take proper care of your own 

Alia is truly talented 

Every time I feel low I just come here to listen this song ️

I love this song 

Wow Alia Bhatt your the best at dancing

I have been suffering from depression and anxiety for more than 6 years. I don&#39;t what t do but this song gives turn over give me the strength to move on from the past. It gives me a positive vibe in my life and helps me see the outside world openly. We can&#39;t change the past but I learned to change into a better person in life. This song gives me the strength to move on. I want to be happy and independent and I want to enjoy my life fullest. The pain I went through was huge. But pain changes to scar it&#39;s healing. I  know how to love myself without a love partner. There is no one in the world going to stop me...ever.️

Today I did the most right thing that was to overcome my fears, anxieties and decided to let go off my past and this time decided to do it with all my heart and let go off everything that makes me sad and hopefully i will get through this. Listening to this song for some positive vibes. 

This song can help to throw depression and it make bright and happy life

TO BE HONEST IF MY DOCTOR WAS  JEHANGIR KHAN   MEY BHUT PHELE HI THIK HO CHUKA HOTA..... I

Hu

Be self dependent yaar
More of these songs so many memories

A- amazing L- lovelyI- incredible A- awesomeB- beautiful H- happyA- activeT- truthful

Best song for my  life  I love you Zindagi 
Very beautiful song reminds me about the childhood of mine

I am suffering from depression and anxiety from last two years I started listening this song after wake up at morning and before sleep at night really this helps me for getting my happiness back in my life I love this song very much masterpiece 

LOVE YOU ZINDAGI 
Watching this movie made me realize that we are seeing the world in a small hole but lets take out this hooe and this hidden beauty of the life i pove life im thankful that i have problems i do mistakes so i can learn from them i love Zindagi thank you shah ruk khan for this beautiful movie every question in my head answered in this movie its so emotional  i will just say hi to the lif and goodbye to the past

Love you Zindagi. Zindagi zindabad everyone
Only people who were in anxiety and depression can understand the meaning of this song and importance of their lives. My heart just healed itself after listening it ones. Just love it .

Positive vibes

Im From Sudan and I Love Song Hindi

I love you zindagi
Superb movie ,isn&#39;t it ? 
This is a magic

Wow what a song! Like,like it u know it just relaxes my mind and heart a hundred percent like wow just wow. Bestest song to heal meantal issue and health.

Alia bhatt.... best actress

I love you zindagi
I love you
no one is going to talkabout how alia fell from the sofa and sk was searching for her how cute was alias reaction

I love  too much this film

I am singing this song for my schools annual day

Inata. rapid_2m
Actually... Hard phase teach to live.. ... So be greatful for that.. It&#39;s only on us .. how much time we take for learn 

My  favourite  song
This song is always motivate my self when iam in stress or something else

I&#39;m understanding the lyrics so I&#39;m going through a lot in life, but I smile to world because of my mother 

Anyone knows the doll name in this song

Sometimes you love someone truly madly and deeply so pure and genuine but they fail to understand. If someone new comes into thier lives they find excuses to get away from you. They listen to others and gather hate for you and then they distance themselves from you in most hurtful ways... This song is dedicated to them.

I love my life love u zindagi  i am so happy  thanku universe for beautiful life 
Love it 
I love you zindagi
I like Aliya Bhatt very very much

This movie will always have a special place in my heart  whenever i feel life is hard i come back to this movie and feel lite..Those 2 lines of positive words make a great impact

Truly awesome song! Always makes me feel happy .

Young: I want Alia Bhatt
So nice song
This song is such a positive vibe

This song has given me the pleasure of the sun, I have enjoyed the sun a lot now
@jasleen royal 
Kaile sunne prayas nai garina yar. Its such a lovely song

Hold on! Your upwards trajectory begins here! ️

My fevrit song
Renjith Sir

Please suggest more songs like this

The healing power this song holds is amazing Came here to remind me &quot;love you zindagi&quot;!!

Alia Love

What is the movie name?
Bhai bhai psn hai
Kaira is many of us.highly relatable at many situations

Who will be there in 2023? Like 
LOVE YOU ZINDAGI 
kl lkklklkkkkkkk

I love this song 

Jasleen royal is a gem

Holi

Wish everyone meets his Dr. Jahangir in Life...

ALIA as KAIRA
Black male your present to ruin your beautiful future                                        -SRK

Sab bhul jao yaar jab life temperory hai to log kese permanent rahege let them go , khul ke jilo zindagi ( everyone does not get this perfect life like  us)

This song is tatti

My favorite song forever 

Some song is just like boon its make my life happy.i was very mush depressed of my life.totally tired from my like life my this song make me happy

This song is best way to represent the beauty of our life

May be first film from Bollywood talking directly about mental health...tooo goood content....one of the films that can be watched again and again...some dialogues/scenes are so deep that you will realise the true meaning only when u r going through it... thank you SRK sir and aliya ma&#39;am !

Bhut busy

This song is meant to lift up your heart and spirits if you feel down or depressed or just need to reach out to a friend or family Love you zindagi means loving life to the fullest whether you are single or seeking a companion in the future 

Wiping the lipstick at <a href="">03:31</a> 

The best song to heal any depression

Awesome song

Im starting to get over the past and learn to be happy with myself Learning to not get too attached to ppl rather im trying to understand myself more n more each day Itni si tu zindigi ha yr.Wo bhi depression meh guzaraon??NOT HAPPENING Fall in live with life and enjoy ever second man Learn to forgive forget and move on with that beautiful smile of yours &lt;333

Who listen this song in 2023 

Motivating... :)

Also don&#39;t take anti depression medication. They worsen the problem.

There was a time, suicide was  first choice for every set back, failure and failed love.Now I laugh on those foolish thoughts.Life is not over friends.Picture abhi baaki hai 

Don&#39;t think about suicide Things changes after few months or 1-2 years. Be patient.Problems are part of life.Will be there till death.

Movie for depression-JAB WE MET(watched 100-200 times)Best of luck everyone 

3 songs for depression&quot;Bikhri bikhri si julfen hai kyon&quot;- MP3 full version&quot;Chak de India&quot; - title song&quot; tumhi ho bandhu sakha tumhi&quot;(I tried 10-11 years back)Hope they help you 

Ami r kau k biswas korte parchina  onk thoklm
I love songs
Kono ongaku wa ureshii desu ne?
Any student here for relaxing

I travelled from hyderabad to Goa in bus  hearing this movie songs in loop  to commit suicide.... One phone call in beach  from dear ones prevented me doing it.... Now I was held captive by my own parents from the past 18 months confined to bedroom and hall. Battling depression from the past 12 years...... Hard part of this human life was BEING GOOD to your own ABUSERS of life. I had to treat and look after my own parents chronic diabetes and blood pressure, bronchitis etc who house arrested me from the past 18 months. My mom accuse me of little change in her watery stools because of the ayurvedic medications I give her but the actual fact was she was taking allopathic medicine on empty stomach which was the Main cause of watery stool. Had to message her feet when she had a burning  sensation in her feet with ayurvedic oils again she accuse me that she got diabetes because of me...... It&#39;s uncontrollable pain.  I wish one day I would had enough courage to run away from my home  and see beautiful stars  above my head up in the sky with fresh breeze of oxygen filled air which was odourless..... My last wish was to eat one full plate  chicken   Biryani... God help me

Chahiye to alia bhattJawan

Not everything you see in front of your eyes is not damn true

Hher issues :‍️
Once its opened it can never be closed too....

<a href="">1:17</a> <a href="">1:19</a>

&quot;I accept myself in any  Way I&#39;m &quot;&quot; I&#39;m Beautiful&quot;&quot;I&#39;m loved by myself&quot;&quot;I don&#39;t Care about the Validity FROM people&#39;s&quot;&quot; I&#39;ll never get Bothered by Other lives&quot;&quot; I&#39;ll express myself clearly&quot;&quot; I don&#39;t let people think negative of me&quot;&quot;I&#39;m loved, Self Independent&quot;&quot; Nothing can Affect me&quot;&quot; I understand others&quot;&quot; I&#39;m Loyal&quot;&quot; I care about My business more than others&quot;&quot; No things can affect insecurities, sadness, fears, complaints&quot;.&quot; Noone else have the Power to hurt me&quot;&quot;No-thing Can Affect Myself&quot;

Once it&#39;s closed it can never be Opened.

God Only Closes the doors which aren&#39;t Opened for us**

A dog is better than humans it expresses what they feel it makes us feel Loved, But We avoid it once we loose it We know it&#39;s Value.

Whenever fells low, I cme here and listen this song. It really relax me.

This girl also ate a lot of food.
Who came here after seeing the girls audition

this is my everyday anthem.

My favourite song
Today two type 1 is past and 2 is Future,your today depend past and future,So keep smailing enjoy your beautiful day 

I really love you So much Dear jindagi  ingonor past ,you Make today beautiful Life So you will try ,to become successful,if Love your special life, Love you 
Yesss
THIS SONG IS LIKE A GOD GIFTED FOR TEENAGERS WHEN THEY ARE IN DEPRESSION AND ANXIETY 
What do you want from life?
This song is really masterpiece

Every one here who suffers depressionA message for u You are not alone.... And you are not helpless You can do what you wantWishing a speedy recovery

Gaurav bharti love you Zindagi
This song hits differently 

Me remembering this song  from my memories from 2017 or 2016  new year promo of tarrak mehta ka ulta chasmaMissing those days ‍

0.15-1.17

How can such a shrill voice become a singer?

This song is beautiful 

 Thank you so much 
Jasleen Royal 
Whatever you are going through never left smiling. Life is too short for worries ‍️.Count your blessings and share joy

This sonfbis a therapy 

Love you zindagi ma chilla ku ha
Whenever i listen this song My all stress was udan chu  and this song is very motivative , it&#39;s gives me smile in my stressful situation this is a very very nice song  this song give me support in any situation 

Hey stranger  you have a good taste of music 

This song is my most favorite...

Screen played by SHAHRUKHmusic score by AMIT TRIVEDITHIS IS MASTERPIECE FOR YOU

It heals me

I listen this song first time when I was in 9th class and my 2 fellow were singing this song and then I came to home I search this song  ️ omggggg

is gane ko sunkar to rongte khade ho gaye

Today everyone calls me crazy for trying to be good.
Alia Bhatt is my favourite actresss Best song ever 

Love this song 

&quot;Life is like an icecream, enjoy it before it melts&quot;

Beautiful movie which helped me to love my life and move on 

I love ️ this song Really love ️ this song

I&#39;m leaving this comment here so after a month or a year when someone likes it, I get reminded of this song

Free therepy 

when i was 11 i used to enjoy this song and used to dance...now i really understood the meaning of song ..bwy i am 17 now thanks for this song 

This movie is so relatable when you&#39;re going through depression

Shah Rukh Khan
i love thisss movieeeeeeeee, this song save me from my depressionnn

Positivity overloaded

The definition of yolo

This songs is a medicine ️

Thank you alia for making this song. It has been a help for lot

This song just make love ourself. and our familyy friends and many other  person i can sing ourself in everyday love this songg

Wow nice.    song

<a href="">0:23</a>

nice song
Life is Beautiful Truly if we try to move one step towards happiness it will make four steps towards us itself 

2017: love you jindagi2023: Hate you jindagi
I love is this song
Once a masterpiece always a masterpiece!

When my age was 11 years old I was enjoying this song now I am 16 years old now i am understanding and feel the song this song 

Movie name ??
Love you many
Love u jindagi
Anybody&#39;s  now
Mera,,,bahata,,,premikaahe,,,,tikinaa,,or,,pinkise,,batahuasaadi
Birendragauda
I just love this movie and make me    I can feel the pain .. I think every girl with an honest heart feels the depth of this movie  ... Alia you did this really well

Nice

16 core is expected

Amit trivedi music is a type of A R Rahman composition

I m in love with me

My way of living life is different don't force me
It is not necessary that we need anyone and he always keeps making excuses.
Still always happy in your life ️ forgot all problem and enjoy your Life.

Love you Zindagi
Nice 
Greatest point of the song is everyone in the commentsection are giving positive vibes and positive comments. Never seen this much positivity in any song

Where should I watch this movie, my lovers??
<a href="">0:24</a>

Its a masterpiece movie, few films are made on mental health and Dear Zindagi is one that teaches us to love Zindagi unconditionally. It can be a life changer for many people fighting with themselves.

Love ur self it&#39;s so beautiful ️
I always love 6 things- God, family, Earth, plants, friends and Zindagi !! Love you  Zindagiiii 

My dirty mother did not even let me eat food after returning from the police station on 23-11-2020 and started talking crazy.
Hey, always be happy and keep others happy too, wow, this is life.
love e lobh nei
23:7

Accept the life as it is.. It&#39;s beautiful, if not make it beautifulForgive the people, anyone can make mistake.. Enjoy your company, khud ki bhi suno kabhi... Do things that you love to do... 

Tnx

1

LOVE YOU ZINDAGI LOVE ME ZINDAGI 
Good morning  dear Zindagi. . can i smile today ????
That&#39;s very nice massages for all of us  thanks to you dear sharo Khan and anjly

B. . Kv. K kmk.kmmkk. . Nmlk
I love this song. It&#39;s makes me feel alive &amp; happily even tho i had so much problem in my life

Who is hearing this song in 2023

<a href="">0:48</a>

Thank You Dr. Khan 
In depressing days this song helps

I have a like my life

0

She just fell down from the sofa

I love handsome Arjun Kapoor 

Brings back memories of my childhood of when i actually had a will to live 

<a href="">

F*ck u zindagi 
<a href="">1:42</a>
Wanna make my self happyyyyyyyyyy
Comfort movie comfort song
If you have 500rs want to do work from home?500rs change 50k per month Only interested Queen&#39;s dm me.Just seeing status and thinking  is it possible? One msg will give you the full details of business 

Who is here listening in 2k23 

I don&#39;t know why people r not understand ing that we actually fighting with our thoughts and we want to overcome from our fear and depressed life .Really I think bollywood songs heal ourselves .makes our life to love yourself  really love my zindagi

TAT  MOY  GOE  AAHISU  1993  NOBHEMBOR  ME

All time fvrt 
this song is awesome , when i overthink that time this song is  my buddy

When I am alone I listen it
My favourite 
Life is so precious l just want to enjoy my lifeloveyouzindagi️

Wow i love this song and in this song aliya bhat

What a film SRk sir supparb And Alia you best

Jan

Who is singing this song independently?
Love me love u zindegi..
Zindagi 
There is a lot of overreaction to the action. Action aya nhi iska over react chalu...Bakwas
Vote to alia bhatt

Superb song
Let them go

Song is very nice my mood are sad but sing song mood is better

The fact that the comment section is itself a therapy . I love it.

Listening to this song makes me happy as i suffer from depression...

I 
Not asking if there are Malayalis
Thank you for this song and the movie... It&#39;s my favourite movie of Alia&#39;s... Her best work according to me.

L u zindagi 
Perfect definition of positive vibes

This song is so uplifting.

I love this song this is my favorite song

Maaf kar do na yaar
I am so happy to see you today that I can't even express it, I am feeling sad for not being able to talk to you more.
I feel positive and energetic whenever I listen this song 

Luv u alll
Love that cool song  my goodness!. Dear zindagi, from South Sudan 🇸🇸

BOMBAY  GIRIL  ,,  DIRTY  BUSINESS   RENDI  BUSINESS ,,INDIAN  RENDI  BOMBAYT  SOLE
I love my life

I am in love with pw teachers and this song 

This is my favourite song when I mention my life

Alia Bhatt favourite forever 
This song is very very very very nice

This song gives us a bright positive thoughts in our mindsThis song is a masterpiece stress buster Please don&#39;t be in depression when this song is still here 

Nice song 
Love you zindagi
<a href="">youtube.com/c/MukhtarAhmedKhan</a>

Great song 
Srktro line
Song for depressed one like me

Goto Anchoring song
Everyone here in comments is a victim!

Don&#39;t let your past blackmail your present to ruin a beautiful future&quot;

Mahesh bhatt daughter the mastermind in every criminal activity 

This song taught me how to live.
When I feel low,  anxiety... having suicidal thought, depressed I always search for a positive vibes! But... this society, family, friends noone is there for me that time to tell them what I&#39;m feeling!.... This song is a masterpiece of positive vibes ️

Ky tum mere sath ho...

&quot;&quot;blackmail your present to ruin a beautiful future&quot;&quot;?? didn&#39;t get

Mojave marsh kroes surieia

I am seriously depressedI had no one,no friendsAnd my gf who was so close to me , she left meI begged her to stayI am brokeEverything has changed in a couple of days in my life

I love this song really

Who smiles when Love you zindagi lyrics play

This whole world is in danger now you will enjoy your world as a single, let's see what happens.
Zayn Javad kiwi
Just go to hell dil to Love you Zindegi.. You can be happy and you will be. Just be patience and let it go. The right time will come.

Thanks 
How can such a beautiful movie seem boring to someone!!!
I have got 81 percentage in my class 12 results ...was sad ...but came here and all the sad things just vanished 

So good

<a href="">1:07</a> is the best part 

<a href="">0:16</a>

<a href="">2:54</a>

This song provides a different level of strength in mind, especially for people who are going through depression or hard times.

MERI LIFE

When i song the songs i really impress

I am here from 2023

I am 13 years old. Whenever I hear this song I memorise my childhood days when no tension was there in life.

blackmail your present to ruin your beautiful future

My comfort movie forever 
Best song
From quora

Wow positive song ️
When a Bollywood movie actor/actress have legitimate chemistry and depict a scene beautifully with a lovely song, the feeling I get is pure bliss. Omg this scene struck me deeply. 

Even after saying sorry, humans make mistakes. The word sorry is not correct, it means I will not forgive those who hurt me, nor will I help those who are crazy and create havoc.
My grandmother has destroyed my and my father's life.
Due to my mother's advice, my father has always kept my daughter away from me since 2013 and now you are also making my life hell by hiding my great mother and her friends. I want my child and parents both.
This song is the true defination of selflove

Mere sabse badi brat exam paper hai use bai bye kese karte hai pls give tutorial
I remember that girl who played this song in her last days suffering from covid. Brave girl

to srk And aliabhatt
SHOCKWAVE ️
This  movie and this song can heal up not only depressed people, but anybody!!! Like anybody!!! 

Love you zindagi 
<a href="">2:47</a> relatable
Iiveson

Favorite song
I.   Love. Your. Song.  Because this   is.  My.  Favourite.      Song

It is best song for forgetting depression 

My younger 3 year daughter enjoys the rain on her face and my heart goes dhak dhak 

My pick for Alias best song. Happiness. 

Elite movies needs elite audience
Nice song 
Hello?

Where are we going?
Next
&quot;Whenever I cook my child&quot;This line hits hard 
Nice timing

.

.

Love you zindagi 
In nice
It&#39;s been 6 years the movie released, but the magic is still fresh in my mind........

I really love this song  I listen this song everyday...I think this is the song which I listen everyday and good  imagine about my life 

This song makes me interested to live 

Only the people who suffered from anxiety and overthinking can deeply feel this song 

Very nice songs

This song always gives me positive vibe️

I haven't seen any workplace for a long time.
the shoot location pls?

⁹j TQ
11
I&#39;m leaving this comment here so whenever anyone likes it after some months or years then I&#39;ll be notified of this beautiful song 

Can&#39;t believe this kind of great films can be directed and produced in Bollywood and still it is happening once in a decade.. felt good after seeing the natural aura of this film.. something seen mostly in South Indian films. Hope to see more Boliwood

Just is

Love song  
Whenever I feel down i listen these song and it&#39;s give me lots of strength and positive vibes .i truly love these song.

I wish there was such a doctor in my life.
All the clouds in me raining ... but after listening this song i am feeling better

Very nice songs

Just feel this masterpiece 

This song really good for removing negativity n taking only postive vibes

Raistar op
Learn to love  yourself 
Raise your hands for the singer 

Very nice songs

Ii7cf2y jjj
Alia Bhatt is the best seans of songs

<a href="">0:58</a>, she shows?

Achha?

Ai suorer bachha

Very nice songs

This flim n this song will be iconic = )

Love u zindagi 
I hate Aliyah Bhatt and Shah rukh khan both, but because of this, because of the t u n e, I love this song

This song brings joy to my life

I&#39;m english, I dont understand
So memories song 
Love this song  very calming, hopeful, inspiring, and motivating

 love you zindagi
&quot;the night I watched this, will be never forgotten.&quot; good luck on your zindagi,  . Lv from Sri Lanka.

Madhura 
Mood off te mood on ho gaii

I listen in 2023
I listen in 2022 
................life
This song is literally good yarrr and alia rock in this movie ️️️



This song give a different level of happiness 

Best song I love this song ️

Dear Zindagi, Love you Zindagi
I listen  to this  song   to remind  me that  I have to  do something  in my life for myself  thanks

I love this song: remind me of the days when i was young, full of energy, happy, carefree and full of dreams

First sentence, before song I don&#39;t like

Every smile makes you a day younger, you smile I smile,

Fav Song!!!️️
Love yourself like your life depends on it...️
Thank u

I Love this song so much 

Every morning this song gives positive vibes

Every college should suggest this movie to everyone...this movie gives you the best self loving lessons

This song is therapy!

What a song it is...️

<a href="">0:00</a> &quot;Blackmail your present to ruin a beautiful future.&quot;

I was not interested in this song but i am now at that state that i like it!

Very nice songs

I used to listen to this when I was3

so can i say bye bye to studies!!
️ masterpiece
2023 grop 

Kisike pass movie hey to link share kare

Aasu aa gaye movie mai maiIt is not that easy to get out of depression and stress,,,truthfullyevery single thing seems to cause irritation
Same story happened to me right now.....for me he my mentor....I think I am in love because he changed me completely....no one understands me...but he understands me a lot

I love your song very much  ️️
srk&#39;s first line...
Movie name?
Love me zindagi is very nice
I am suffering from depression for 6 year  ..this song really gives positive vibes

I listen to it everyday morning and in night

this song is not a just song it&#39;s my daily medicine for clinical depression AlhamdulliAllah after listening to my mind and heart calm down really so people teach us to many lessons of life.

Many people sing this song to become happy

I Li

Lovely and beautiful pose 

Love you zindagi
<a href="">

Love it!

Love you life
Love you Zindagi  !
Muda fresh song
Common man cannot afford this type of zindagi 

2023 m kon kon sun ra h like plz
This song make s me confident 

That&#39;s wy i become to be a psychologist counselor 

This movie is a blessing,a therapy ️

Oh this movie…….

Is movie s ye sabaaq result hta h k kbhi bh bnda andr ghutt ghutt k na jeye jo bh bten hn apni family s zrur share kren ya apne ksi bh friends s zrur jo k apke hn un k sath guzaren
2B views ️️️️ best songs ever
I wanna ruined my futured lol

Love you zindagi
I love Jindagi
Love you zindagi....my lover fav song it......
Say Hi to your smile , say Bye to your fears 

Dear Zindagi Hi..Hi..Hi ... 2023... &quot;love you zindagi love me zindagi&quot; 
okay  but  this  song  is  truly  that   thing  which keeps me  motivated  till today Also... and  it  will be in future  too...

This song has different vibe ! 

My breakup has gone today, I am listening to a song to forget it..️
<a href="">

I lost my childhood because my mom is too much toxic  and her abusive language,torturing behaviour,slapping me without any matter,always she tell me about her sacrifices or problems,I get A2 grade then angry on me for A1, score 94% then slapp me for 100%,always insult me infront of my  cousins or relatives and cousins also start misbehave,trolling and laugh on me ...when I m child I start hating weddings and vacation because of relatives...I m always depressed  bcz whenever I m free these bad memories kil me...I my childhood 26 girls are remain in school last class every one talk with me play with me tiffin sharing and play with each other but I can&#39;t make single friend I&#39;m telling about just &#39;FRIEND not about BEST FRIEND &#39; I can&#39;t make a single friend bcz my mind was sleep in slaps,abusive words and what she will do with me after returning the home...I have 4 or 5 memories when I Happy in my childhood and my father is jobless and my grand father or grandmother irritate my mother then my mother come back to his own home and we living a small rent house...when i born and now I always see my mother always shout,very hateful and abusive language used only for little matter sometimes without matter she remember old mistake then start she listen about some one else daughter succes the start torturing me...when I m kid do some mistake I break flower pot,by mistake milk container was fall by me then she use extremely cheap language and hardly abusive word which meaning i know when I&#39;m 18 year old...and all of these again happen with my little sister I m here to listen this loss of joy from whole life and my all conditions are same...

Love you preti naik from shirgao goa india

Thank you  Happy and Love
This song is truly magicalWhenever I am hearing this song I feel like I am free and my mind would be fresh. I also feel like crying out my fear and silences

In love with this song 

I hate you Shah Rukh Khan very much in this whole world 

Alia and SRks Acting is perfect

Jb sad hoti hu to ye song sun leti hu feel very good hota h 
This is my favourite best then any song love you song and life
I love this song

THANKYOU..

Todays Bollywood is really really shit today I listed to all the good songs nof nearly 10-4 years they were gold

4/5 years ago I used to listen every day
Love this Song

Such a comfort song 

<a href="">0:11</a>

Love you jindagi 
This music is a lifesaver when it comes to doing paper, homework, studying for the final exams!!!

So sweet ️️️️
<a href="">3:25</a> when i was in my bad phase i interpreted this as you cant speak your mind anywhere someone would listen!

Fav song

My sisters and I make a video in this song in Village when we come back so we see the video we are starting crying

The magical song 
Nice

Song lyrics...is full of postive .. feel 

Very lovely video

LOVE YOU ZINDAGI 
I&#39;m here again.. listening to this masterpiece after 6 years ...

hi

Love you zindagi
Everytime I listen everytime I feel the song is worth it as my life Love you zindagi ️

Hyy stranger how are you you know what let me tell you one thing I know life has been going hard lately but you know what you are so strong in case nobody tells you that you are beautiful you are amazing you are doing a wonderful work and you know that and that&#39;s it smile meri jan you deserve to be happy and no one is going to make so can you just start loving yourself atleast thora sa se start karte hai na go dance sing make a painting cook good food for yourself and do what make you happy because you matters 

Bharat ka amazing or beautiful song 🇮🇳️⚘⚘
Wish I would have got a life I desire and enjoyed the song

After Every Failure I Am Come Here

Really this song can change any sad mind to good and happy mind

Absolutely masterpiece excellent song

Fun fact: Alia made her nose surgery and then started looking beautiful.

This song is based on zindagi and i like it very much. And i like the dance  of Alia mam and srk sir mindblowing it is

This song is no words

Focus to the things that are infront of you

lσvє чσu zíndgí lσvєlч zíndgí ️️️️️️️
My always good time song.. whenever I feel stressed i always listen this masterpiece and also Zindagi Do pal ki

Greatest motivation song
Wow

love u zindagi Love me zindagi
Who’s still here after 6yrs of this beautiful movie. Can’t express how much I love this movie

New
Who is here after parra (Goa)

Love you️️️️️ Zindagi..........
Same felling after 6 years ️️
happiness...

Beautiful  song  
Love U zindhagi.........I love U........... ..............
Hii..... My fav....fav.... fav .......song......................
Thank you for this beautiful song it help me to recover my trauma

Nice song
Love  you Zindagi
Who came after RGU Amit trivadi concert?

What was shahruk&#39;s dialogue at the beginning?

I  this song

Unwanted

The best song of my life
This song is so memorable to me my Indian friend recommended this song to me and I love it so much hoping that we could chat again we lost contact of each other

I have been suffering from clinical depression and bipolar disorder since my breakup. It&#39;s been more than three years yet I feel the same pain but whenever I feel the pain or having panic attacks, I listen this song, it gives me instant mental energy to rise again and again.

At times like this I need a mentor like srk jug 

Alia ko abuse karne waleh logoh ka ache comments yaha par hai . Agree anyone I am one of those too. No cheating at all 

This song has the capability of adding a fresh gesture of positivity! Love you Shahrukh, Aliya, Jasleen, Amit, Gouri!And obviously, love you zindagi!

cute~! I love this song!!
After hearing this song, I have started to enjoy my life. But I was in a depression before hearing this song.

In the end, Everything gets ends on the positive side.‍

I love this song 

This is a super energetic song after heartbreak 

More than a song! Just love it.

Love u 
Pictured kerala at her best

I hope you can relate to this song sometime 
Yaa.... Love u zindagi nd my sweet and  innocent dream ... Because now we have run after other people a lot, now we have to run after our dreams because he can never be a cheater 

Fav

Fvrt
Can anyone suggest me other songs like this?

imgaine therapist like sharukh khan 

Where other songs are spreading negativity, depression and other things . This legend teaches us how to live an amazing life.

LOVE YOU ZINDAGI A LOT
Best movie of alia

Dear My Zindagi love you so so so so so much ... This song i listened everyday ️
Nice song
This song just wow 

Love you zindagi mast song hai best actor Sharukhan 12/1/2023
Song kuch batata hai

So nice song ️
I am song ️ sing with song happy

Love you zindagi02:53 am ️
When you know yourself... what is your purpose in life,then you don&#39;t need toxic people in your life.

Love you zndigi is very nice

This song gives us the message that how to live the life.

Music all background was super

All milks are filled with love and all milks are filled with love.
Love you Zindgi 
I  Love your song
I am different but i love myself 
This line &quot;Jo dil se  lage use kehedo hii hii.. Jo dil na lage use kehedo bye bye.. &quot;

Such a great song 
And I have never told anyone like this that if someone has the heart to listen to my words then I apologize to everyone and everyone is happy with their family and everyone makes each other happy and if someone is poor then he helps him.
Whenever I am depressed or feeling sad I listen to this song

Life should be opened because life has come once, didn't it, didi or brother?
I like this song

Starting new year 2023 with this song

Junuary 2023 morning 1st song 

I like this song and everyday I listen song

Very heart touching song

My 2nd daughter has been listening to this song since 2019

My  mom loves this song   

2017 we enjoyed it2023 we feel it
This Movie and This song specialy,Motivate me always

F

Dear me, I love you and I am proud of you !

One of most favourite movies ️️️
Love u zindgi 28\12\2022
Blackmailing  your present to ruin a beautiful future 

I am in train and listening to this masterpiece what a great combo 

Whenever I hear this song, I remember all my friendship and memories in my previous school

Nice song
wow

<a href="">0:01</a> well that&#39;s not complete it is &quot;Don&#39;t let your past    blackmail your present    to ruin your beautiful future&quot;

The song  is best ever and ever even after so many years thanks to this song its help me to understand the life

I ️ this song

Dear zindegi full muvi dijiyega please please

Yesterday I saw a girl that was watching boss baby and she 13

My 2nd daughter licensed to this song since she was 3 years old

Wah what a happy vibe you have my friend 
Kha really me koi mshia mile jo hume srk k trha smjhata 

Nice love you jindgi 
Love you Zindagi 
I&#39;m here in kota preparing for Neet...Since a few days i myself witnessed 10 suicide and trust me it the worst feeling ever to know a dreamer like you deid but here I am, to make me realise , i willl do it very easily, very beautifully because i love my parents, my life and most importantly myself...This is really helpful to make me feel light and loved!!!

Great positive vibe motivation song

Antidepressant drug
That song relised me that onces live for oirself

Song
Aliya
This song and this movie taught us to love ourselves, and our lives! This movie also taught us how to find the reason to be alive in this beautiful world!!!

Iove the zindagi........
Just saw this movie at tv3

Suffering from meantal taruma I have no one to share my feelings, future aim,  insecurities, negativity, lack of self love and confident level down etc.......

Blackmail your present to be in a beautiful future 

It&#39;s cool

Love you zindagi ️
I listen this song every day after my breakup This song give me strength to facing all problems and to get more success in my lifeLove youuuuuu zindagi️️Today date is 18/06/23 &amp; at <a href="">10:59</a> I&#39;m again broken badly and again I&#39;m listening this song Kaash meri life me bhi koi aisa hota.,..joAaj  fir mai tooti choudhary sahab apke words se 30/8Khud achha bnne k liye log kaise badnam kr dete kisi dusre ko Apni ex ko bolre ki y khud mere pichhe pdi h Mai baat nhi krtaEtna jhut koi kaise bol skta...This song giving me some posetive vibes to stay in between very dangerous world

Just love to your family and do every think for them we can also die just by helping them so be happy and respect your ️️️️️

I didn&#39;t knew what is life and what is the meaning of this song....but now I am 22  and I understood what is the meaning of this song........️️️love u zindagi 

Cheers to life️️️️
I am watching this song for Jasleen&#39;s singing.

plz make this kind of songs and movies  more its help us a lot to come out from that phase thank you so much guys whenever I&#39;m just about to go to that zone again i just plugin my earpods and start listening this and I feel so grateful to god for giving me this life and i will make sure that for nobody i will ruin my life ever once again a big thank you guys love you

Alia so cute

️️I am very happy
Good morning Have a good day 
This song tell me that enjoy your life don&#39;t be sad.

My girlfriend now i should call her my ex left me for someone else i was sad , depressed this song helped me alot to cope up with this mental truma now i am working on myself focusing on my carrier  and i have completely moved on i am alone but i am happy the day she left me i played this song again and again in my free time  and continued to do so for few days and it worked for me those who are in depression right now due to any reason i will say only one thing to them it will take time but one day you will be out of depression don&#39;t give up fight on life is worth more than few people or few circumstances or few things life is beautiful

When I was sad then I listen this song

Still my inspiration what a lines

THIS IS THE WORST SONG I&#39;VE HEARD IN MY LIFE PLS LIKE THIS

Shahrukh khan sir please come back with this kind of masterpiece movie again

Shahrukh khan sir miss u
Super and yaadgar songsThe best singer s

One of my friend suggest this on July 24  at <a href="">02:22</a>  PM   when my mood was off for some reason .Thank U  HoFrom -  Nirmal KumarOdisha I hope u will forgive me and return .

I cry after listening this song

Suffering from depression to Selected for the Govt job. This song/ movie helps me to motivate my self  each time. Please get out of the depression zone. Write the things which u want. Make a schedule. Even u feel u don&#39;t want to do anything, just make a habit of do the things daily. One day things will get better. Cry how much u want to. You will reach your goal. And you will overcome this depression phase. All the best for future ️

No oneMy grandma: “Is he playing the role of her dad?”

My favorite movie 
Touched My Heart 
Very Impressive 

Two’s diagnosis: racism. The one test her genius level can pass. <a href="">#schizo</a>

May life ever give me a chance to say this&quot; Love yuh life&quot;
Life️
Whenever I feel depressed  or any kinds of demotivate then I&#39;ll always came here to listen  love you zindagi ️

Bestie

1 year older than me

Ranalia

️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️ love you oll
Whenever I heard this, I refresh everything as one of today&#39;s youth generation! So much so, this is heartfelt.

Ever Time Favorite Song,Alia 
Please do take this movie in tamil.

I&#39;ll use this audio for my college assignment (Digital Media) P.S. Thank you for making this masterpiece

Waht a songLove from core of my heart 

Sachme ye gaana ek dam best' he love you life ️️️
Blackmail ur present through a beautiful future!

Someone presented me this song when i was feeling low.....thank u  

Love you song
Jin Kazuiya n upper bigger sir to Putin juj mafia n laddakh myong sahabs from today I am not an avenger vavenger 1st vast.n I don't know who is the avenger and who is not the avenger or I don't know much meaning meaning samjhi bhosdiyo. Now I know only this much that I am Mohd Siraj Khan as per passport and my English name Jin Kazuiya or today does not matter much to me, what are the secrets of my life and what are the secret superstars in the world. I don't care if you are the mother's son. Madarchod, have you read Farji Peech or do you want to listen to the song that will recharge my life with your money? Whose father's food am I eating? kazuiya arf siraj.hahaha ok khallas n bhaaad me jaao.
Amit Trivedi... you  are a gem... Just Came back after listening to your latest classic &quot; Zindagi ko haan kar De&quot; from &quot;Uuchai&quot; ...it was wow and reminded of this classic from &quot; Dear Zindagi&quot;

hi nice song
It&#39;s so crazy to think that this song has probably saved countless lives. It makes me feel so happy when I&#39;m low.

everything will be okay maa friend please don&#39;t stress️

Since I was 5, loved this song. As time went by, I forgot about it. I just remembered how much I loved Hindi songs, I watched multiple. This song never failed to make me smile :)️Love you zindagi 

This is my kind of song 

Love you zindagi 
This song gives the  positive thought I listen this song everyday

1 2 3 Ram hi hi hi
Best motivational song  <a href="">#happydodohome</a>
Best movie and best song ever .This movie is an inspiration for mehhhh .I&#39;m too much addicted to it.I also wanna spend my life like this .I mean I want this kind of freedom.This will be the best movie of my life .Love uhhh Alia Ma&#39;am,Shahrukh sir .

Many Many Congratulations Alia Bhatt for becoming &quot;Mother&quot; (Sunday, 06.11.2022)

SRTHi
My favorite song

School competition solo song I will give first prize

Nice.....️I felt like a sun
love yourself first ️
I love this song ️️️️️
This movie is so underated. I relate to this movie so much. I loved this so much

At night 3A.M Watched this movieIn depressionNo one there to understand my things Don&#39;t know what to do 

I love this song feel energetic 

Fazool song

Bye bye past..... Keep smile 
You just think about your past good daysand keep smele Enjoy your Beutifull Life........

I love you
Love you zindagi.....love me zindagi️
Why should you worry aye aye aye ???
This song really motivates me , no matter how sad I am in at times . I really love this song 

This song gives me hope

hug a tree  .... closer to nature

Don't worry too much about Etna Pelunga
Whoever listens to this beautiful and quiet song in the year 22 20 23 20 ️️️
No I’m pretty sure he’s harassing me because I don’t give a fuck that he’s famous. <a href="">#schizo</a>

Western women want to break up eastern woman’s marriages because they are sexually frustrates and slutty. This also applies to westernized women. <a href="">#bitter</a>

When i feel sad that time i watch this video. I want a beautiful  life. I want to enjoy my every  moments. Plese

<a href="">0:01</a> blackmail your present to ruin a beautiful future

I was listening this song while doing a stunt and I could not do the stunt so that&#39;s why just starts start by on my back and I thought I could not do the stunt but when I heard the song confident just I become confident and I tried the stunt again and it happened I could do this that

Very nice song

I am in depression from past one year I feel like crying every time this songs helps to be happy alone and teaches enjoy every moment of my life



Alya mam very beautiful song and very beautiful Act 
Alia bhatt  Faltu this movie

being a victim of depresssion since 2016, this song prevents many disaster mindsets and suicidal thoughts, providing new and beautiful reason to live and enjoy everyday.Forget your past, enjoy your present, stay focused on your future..&quot;Hum jaise dekhe yeh jaahan hain waise hi...&quot; -Life is all about perspectives, about how you see it️

Kas aysa koi doctor mere life v koi aisa ata....jo mujhe mujhse milata  feeling like I am in hell.

This movie taught me self loveee!! Most importantly if you love yourself there&#39;s no one the world who&#39;s going to stop you...ever!

This movie taught me so much!!

Love u zindagi  this line is so amazing 
The line maalik ne jo chinta dii to durr karega vo is just for meee

Still gives me good vibes
This song is not only song it&#39;s a medicine for hope, positivity and self love 

Good

I know how this song helped me to get over from toxic person back in 2018

Blaaaah
Those two dogs are mine. Rocky and Buibui 

Singer ko awards milna chahiye tha .

Jin Kazuiya and Putin the judge mafia, now I too am not getting much facility in this lab and on top of that, this clean mood is getting worse these days, so this bhosdvila is making me mad, I am telling you. What am I supposed to do? I don't know what to do, but after that, I will go to Aminabad Chowk and do my business there or from there I will go to the court also. After that, if this truth or shame comes to me then To take me home or to throw me in jail in anger, I will surrender silently. Because I will go where I want, I will do what is mine. Because I am the master, I will not do anything. Whatever I want. I don't care.n yes I don't care because I am the one who is going to stick a stick in my ass because I was not born today n whoever tries to think can understand that he will kill me every night because I am the one who beats me and you humans 1 Percent doesn't even trust me. Because in jail, what happened in the spring, you think about the pets because you can't take care of them, then play with me and then tell me that you humans are the masters of hell by using the rules of the Rajjals. Now I am asking you what are the things in hell because that hell is very dangerous, it is not your fault that they will kill you in this world and you will show me in hell later. Now I understand that my power is also from invisible power. I did not reach you. Because the security is mine. Hahahahaha. The rest of the hell, show your arrogance because you are hell. What is the story? Then don't worry about me Putin because you have seen everyone who has the power of Kazuya. The rest of the time you will follow me as I have shown you how the sky works. Hahahahaha the rest of the note is good. tak ij.
Whenever I listen this song feel so aws

L = Love + LivingI =  IsF =  ForE =  EveryoneLove you zindagi :)Even though you sometimes betray me Anyone watching this in 2022?

Aji au thare mane padla ho song sunikari Nirmal Kumar
This song is playing fast...

Wait for 2023
These songs also help us a lot in starting a new life LOVE YOU JINDAGI
Download Korta Dan plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz 
I fight against many problems in my life in that age that i don&#39;t no what is this entire world i never told my bad days to someone because i know that if they here me than they broke from bottom of heart thats why i forgot everything i think sometime i lost my self respect and i am not for anybody this all thinking make me a cry and i always try that i don&#39;t hurt anybody either they are my parents friends anybody that people i love and i never give my deppression to her this i always try because i am a reason of happiness not a sadness 

life is the most important  thing for  everyone

After heartbreak i just continuously hear this song it give me strength to be happy (:

I saw the movie yesterday, it makes me happy ️

This song has saved so many lives I think Me also  Thanks to all for ur effort 

I like silent songs

One of my friend suggest this on July 24  at <a href="">02:22</a>  PM   when my mood was off for some reason .Thank U  HoFrom -  Nirmal KumarOdisha I hope u will forgive me and return .

Gori aa ja zadu mat
Zadu mre gauti cbd ke
SRK and alia!  ️U just didn’t know, what you made!!!!This film will be a forever classic in Indian cinema ️

So nice and cute song 
Bs...Love u zindagi ️️️️️️
My motivation song️
We should have more films in bollywood like this!

0

I am from guwahati. I like this song very much plz sport this song 

Lovely song

Self love is most precious thing thisIs biggest lesson in my life and accepting yourself in many flaws And let it go what the other person opinion about you because 7.5 billon people in this world you go with 1 person opinion  so be happy in every conditions  sooo love u zindagi or never stuck in any situation beacuse time gone very fastly enjoy life wrk hard develop good health and live life own way

Enjoy Every PalNot wait for kalEnjoy 
Can&#39;t describe what&#39;s the value of this song for a neet aspirant!!!

When I feel low listen this song and it invigorate me from energy so accept the situation take a deep breath and .And SAY LOVE YOU ZINDAGI ️️

Beautiful ️ song
I love you zindgi
This song made positive vibes

Be happy, life&#39;s too short to be sad ️

Bhag to jao

I am a child
I don't want to fly a kite
Now I will love you life
Mera relationship ki tudwaya

Such a mind refreshing song!

Suffering from mental trauma. Can&#39;t explain what&#39;s going on within me. I think If I talk to someone I will feel better. But I have no one to share my feelings. Listening to this song and your warm comments are so sweet. I want to live:)

Madness of rabiya

This is not only song but waves of flying butterfly

This is the best stress reliever song I have heard ever. Tomorrow is my examination and I want to relieve my stress so I am hearing this song.

Love you king khan ️
Mujhe lagta hai kahi mai apni life me har jau

yesterday my family and I were going through old songs, and this appeared. Man the memories.Always love your life!!!

Happy Day .
The Beauty of this song you only find when you also say to your.....&quot; Life-...&quot;&quot;L ️ve You ZINDAGI.

Yes
Loveee thisss songgg!!️

My most most most fav movie and srk alia️️️
There is so much of positivity in the comment section

Love this song

.

A song which has more positivity than devotional songs ever ! ️

This is only applicable when you become successful in life.

Don&#39;t let the past blackmail ur present and ruin your future

A song to love yourself and accept yourself ,and live 
I love my jindagiBecause my mother used to call me tu toh meri jindagi hVarna toh kabka jeena chod deti jeena jindagi 

Need this song to move on in life , currently i am facing a challenge in my workplace and i need more backups and motivation to move on and reach my goal .. Pray for me all those who are reading and God Bless you all too

Blackmail ur present to grow ur beautiful future 

going back to my freinds  , nav uday mental clients  ....

Don&#39;t let the past blackmail in present to ruin your beautiful future 

those dogs at <a href="">0:15</a>. theyre soooo cute

Love you jindagi but with out exam 

Very nice song , 

What a beautiful song!!!️️️️
Life is own time

This song really makes me feel better.Hope they create more songs like this, it really helps!️

This song make me happy and miss my Best Friend

It is time we should address the issue openly...Lost my friends becuase of this depression....Not anymore...

@india  <i>_</i><i><a href="">#reels</a></i><i></i> nYac
NiCe song
When I listen this song i suddenly  become motivated and happy

I was really feeling depressed from a few months...but then this song filled postive energy in me ️️

Enjoy your life 
Enjoy life have much you can 
This movie was ahead of its time. Alia &#39;s character was ahead of its time. Shah rukh&#39;s profession was ahead of its time. Indian audience wasnt ready for it and I apologise

It&#39;s  a very beautiful  song and mind freshing 
My favourite song 

This song helps me to get rid of depression and makes me 

I will give you 5 star

Eternity. There fidgety. Tv f2f change cm baby then run tv then then hmm t.v.hmm hmm h
