Kartik Aaryan and Akshay Kumar and is best actor ️️️
Akshay Kumar is the best actor
Yes to Akshay Kumar
Brother, without Alshay, I will watch this movie.
Akshay Kumar he is back

Akshay sar best actress
Hey Akshay Kumar, I am not ready for the movie.
Akshay Kumar
Abhi 2021 is going on, you are saying that you will arrive in July 2020.
First release this movie bhool bhulaiyaa 2

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Dono ko
I like this movie come back to akshy kumar 

Ha

Eagerly waiting for Akshay Sir ️
Akki
I want to see Akshay  in this film

No camplit this movie without akshay kumar

want to see akshekumar
HA HA HA ha

Yes

Akshay Kumar hi bhool bhuliya 2 movie may happen chahiye
I would like to see Akshay Kumar in Ye Bhul Bhulaya 2. This new hero has come to me, he doesn't seem like a stranger to me.
Brother 2021 is going on
May everyone want to see that Akshay's character has played another role and not...
Akshay buddy hu gaya hai brother….
only akki

I want to  see a aka say

Plz akshay kumar with same cast bhool bulaiyaa 2

I love you akki ️️
Where is Akshay and where is Kartik bewakoof log Akshay ko dalo yaar with the same cast 1 superhit gae thi aur ye inshallah super flop ho gi aur way b part 2 ma aana tha aur ye 2021 hai hahaha fake news ???
Akshay Kumar is back

Aakshay hi aana chaiye wapas film me
Last night the Bhool Bhulaiya movie came and I saw it in full️
In a movie, no sir will want to make fun of the movie, he will not come, these useless actors will make the movie useless in the circle of people.
Akshay Kumar
I am kartik ariya biggest fan
I am big fan of Aakshay kumar

I am big fan of Aakshay kumar

I want Akshay Kumar in this movie.

Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

only akshay kumar should be the main hero of this film none other

I only want Akshay Kumar
Yes I see Akshay Kumar in this movie

Brother Akshay Kumar and Karthit Aryan both are needed
Akshy kumer is the best

No

Kartik 
I want Akshay Kumar
I want to see Kartik
Block this channel

I will miss akshay kumar 

No

I am seeing this vedio in 2022 yes 2022

We want Akshya paji in sequel
Akshay kumar
Akash sir
Of course .we want akshay kumar

Not a countdown?
Bhul bhulaiya bhul bhulaiya ham Kartik
Khatam actor dekh ke hhe movie nai dekh ne.....only for Akshay Kumar ️
Only Akshay Kumar

Ya

Kartik Aryan will replace Akshay
Pls makers plsss......if you want to come up with the sequel of this movie....plssss make the film with this background music only....plssss its a request......Bcz....every sequel of any movie flops..and this movie is entirely gone deep in our thoughts process....another world.......is movie jaisa koi nhi aajkl k movies dekhe to.....kha gye wo directors Jo ye heart touching movie banate the phele

Karthik is best. Give him a chance Akshay has earned lot of money and fame and now he has became BJP ka Tommy. No more nepotism or political influences, Karthik is a good actor young and energetic. Akshay should give time to family and son. Another nepo kid. Atleast mean while let Aryan grow.

Akki your movie with me
This is akshay kumar

I am here as a new ... But the voice sounds like HINDI COUNTDOWN????? koi esa hai jo bta skta hai?

Have Akshay Kumar in movie
We want both Akshay and kartik both

Yes

Yes I  love  to watch  akshay  back on  the part 2

I want Akshay Kumar in this film

Aksay bhai one more

Akshay Kumar
Earth adventures in hindi voice

We want akshay

Plz director IC bhool bhulaiya movie 2 akshy Kumar not a kartik Ary....
Akshay Kumar ko bhool bhulaiya 2 Look I see not a Kartik plz
Yas

Ashamed again
I want to see Akshay Kumar here
Akshay kumar
Akshay kumar is one of the best comedian

Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2 (TOP) ⮘ f&#39;u&#39;l&#39;l M&#39;o&#39;V&#39;i&#39;E ⮘Watch now :► <a href="">sruputscoffeemovie .blogspot.com/tt6455162/bs.html</a>-All Subtitle√ Lorsqu&#39;une pilule qui donne aux utilisateurs cinq minutes de super pouvoirs inattendus arrive dans les rues dela Nouvelle-Orléans, un adolescent marchand et un policier local doivent faire équipe avec un ancien soldat pourfaire tomber le groupe responsable de sa fabrication. √When a pill that gives users five minutes of unexpected superpowers hits the streets of New Orleans, a teenage dealer and a local cop√must team up with a former soldier to take down the group √responsible for creating it.&#39;
⮚ Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2 (TOP) f&#39;u&quot;l&#39;l M&#39;o&#39;V&#39;i&quot;E ⮘Watch news : <a href="">tonsmoviestop.blogspot.com/ tt6455162/top.html</a>All Subtitle√ Lorsqu&#39;une pilule qui donne aux utilisateurs cinq minutes de super pouvoirs inattendus arrive dans les rues dela Nouvelle-Orléans, un adolescent marchand et un policer local doivent faire équipe avec un ancien soldat pourfaire tomber le groupe responsable de sa fabrication. √When a pill that gives users five minutes of unexpected superpowers hits the streets of New Orleans, a teenage dealer and local cop√must team up with a former soldier to take down the group √responsible for its creation.y
It didn&#39;t came yet

Yes yes ask Kumar who should be seen
Akshay Kumar
Akshay Kumar
I want Akshay in this movie

Big fan of akshay kumar and kartik aryan

Want to see Akashay Kumar.
I want to see akshay kumar in this film

Akshay kumar is the best

Bhool bhulaiyaa 2 me v akshay kumar thik honge...

Yes Akshay kumar
After bhool bhulaiyaa 2 release....Akshay Kumar to public : Enter the theatre at your own risk.....goti hm goti, goti ..Baad me bolna mat ki bataya nhi tha....

Vipax

Akshay Kumar
want to see akshay kumar
Akshay Kumar can do it
Yes,this film should be Akshay Kumar in bhoolbhulaiya 2.

Akshay Kumar is the best

want to see akshay kumar
Donon to Akshay Kumar or Kartik Aryan
Akshay kumar
Ha Bhai ha A K to chahiye
Akshay Kumar I want
Yes Mai akshey sir ko dekh na hai bhulbhuliya part 2me
I think Kartik deserve&#39;s this movie not Aksha because Aksha is an old actor

Yes pls take Akshay  Kumar in film
Without Aksay Kumar, this will be flop

It was nit a ghost but a mentally disorder

Bhool bhulaiyaa my childhood memories agya Akshay Kumar hi best he 
I want Akshay Kumar to appear in the movie.
Akshey vapis aane chahiye

No

I am so excited....this movie....

Han bring the sky
Hey, who gave you this trailer? This is a trailer. First teach the correct tittle..
Acche Kumar Jo
I am just WAITING FOR IT TO REALESE

Ye wahi h na jo drugs leta h khan ki beti ke sath

Akshay Kumar is bestFilm can&#39;t be successful without Akashay Kumar

Akshy ser our kartik

without akshay film will be flop.

Your voice is too good

I love to see Akki too in the movie... I desperately waiting for sequal.....

Akshay Kumar can't learn good acting from Kartik, but Akshay Kumar can make this movie confusing.
I don't know what is happening to Bollywood, they are destroying all the films of our children, what is the need of making it again? Grow up Bollywood, make Acchi movie no less than remake.
How long will it take in the cinema?
Akshay Kumar is best actor

This movie cannot be as successful as the 1st one. I believe, the Prime reason for this is the director of the movie which is Aneez Bazmee. Where as, in the previous movie it was the comedy King Priyadarshan

Wrong title

AKASHAY KUMAR HI
Kartik

Now this has not come on TV
Aksay ko or rajpal yaad ko lo
Yes han Akshay Kumar sir
With akshay kumar Bhool bhulaiya 2 is nothing

Yes i want akshay kumar.....in the bhul bhulaiya 2

Akshay Kumar sir is best

Yes akshay kumar hi chahiye
Ye hero aur bakar jodi
Ak is the best ham sirf ak ko hi dekh na chate he

Yes my akshay kumar
Sari heroine se Dhakad h ileana d Cruz
Bollywood toh tatti hai Jo jo sehmat hai wo like karen

Yes akshay kumar

I mean, do you enjoy watching Kartik Aryaan in the film?
Picture toh dubey yeh
Only Akshay...

Akshay kumar should be  in bhool bhulaiyaa

Yes Akshay Kumar only
Akki
without akshay this movie will be floped

Without Akshay Kumar, there will be no Bhool Bhulaiya 2 movie, star Akshay Kumar has acted comedy or horror scenes in the Bhool Bhulaiya movie, no actor can do it like him.
Do it for Akshay and Kartik Aryan too. Want to see Kartik Aryan in his role
Akshay Kumar Hero
Akshay Kumar onlly
Ananya is best
Kartik is a best actor i think he do a best

Like her
Both Akshay and kartik

Akshay kumar is perfect for this role

Only Akshay Kumar sir should be there.
Akashey

Bro today is 30 Aug 2020 this film didn&#39;t released when this film coming

Want to see Akshy Kumar?
Sam Bhai

We want akhsay Kumar roll this movie

Funk Kartik Aryan he replaced Akshay Kuman
Aksai kumar

Akshay kumar only best actor

Akshay Kumar he wanted to happen
Akshay Kumar please tell who should be the lead hero?
Yes i wnt to se akshay

Akshay only him

Akshay Kumar l love my hero
Yes

AKSHAY KUMAR SHOULD HAVE BEEN
Iam big Fan for Akshay iss film Akshay Kumar is the best star and I think he is the best character Akshay can do.
Karthik Aaryan best also Akshay Kumar best I love Karthik
We want only Akshay bcz kaha ye bada Hero or kaha woh baccha Kartik
Akshay Kumar ke bina sab flop.he...kaha raja foj kaha gangu teli..Kartik Aryan...flop movie
Kartik has come as a new hero, we are also our superhit, now it should be Kartik because he is also a good actor, please make this video, I want to tell everyone. pass as much as possible
Akshay
Akshay sir hote to maja aa jata , phir b I guess ki Bhool Bhulaiyaa title song me unka appearance ek jabardast entry ke saath diakheyenge to movie hit ho gaya

Who did you meet with Manjulika?
Nice

Comedy is incomplete without Akshay Kumar.
Yes

Akshay sir ko hi character is a66a
Akshay sir should have been there
Akshay Kumar to hona hi chaeea.nohito acha nai lagega.
Yes  bollywood ka boss he best choice h iss movie k leye

I thik kartick is good choice for sequal

G haa

Kartik aryaan is our new chocolate hero for youngesters we like kartik aryaan we want to see kartik aryaan in this movie
I don't want to see Akshay, I don't want to see Kartik Aaryan.
Only khiladi kumar

Akshay Kumar What to do
Nice post

Best hero Akshay Kumar best movie 
Zaroor Dekhunga.
Akki didn't use yr
One of the my favorite movie
