Who&#39;s that guy in the thumbnail doing the monkey run with one arm ? Lol what happened to the left arm? Aka remarkable pike

Mr India 2 banavai a Yash ok

Very nice

She is dumbest...sridevi ji gave a unique shadow to this movie by her acting skills, expressions nd dance. And she is saying anil kapor ne jaan fuki thi film me... Yeah no doubt he is talented but sridevi made it a masterpiece.. That&#39;s my opinions Nd also no doubt every one in this movie full of talent but not played the infinity level of sridevi.

Is this Ranvir Singh an actor? Why hasn't the censor board given permission to retake all these old evergreen films? Is this Ranvir Singh an actor of today? Is acting anyone's business? And This Ranbir Singh looks like a complete cartoon to us, this long time Anil Kapoor sir's place,,,will satyanaize the old film and not much,,,the censor board should not be given permission to retake any old movie because old is always gold,,,since the new actor came to the cinema hall, he has become a band,,,how much better it was to go to the cinema hall in the 1990s, but nowadays everyone has to watch a flop movie for Rs 200-250 instead of Rs 15. I am going to PVR,,,
Chaihe
Hamay Nepo nahe chyhe

My Favorite Actor Vidyut Jamvaal and Tiger Shroff 

Mr India be shah Rukh Khan Amrish Puri place Anupum kher
Super talented actors in this movie Shri mam, Anil kappor,  Amresh puri

No one will play the role of Sridevi ever, even her daughter Janvi....

Fake...fake fake.........what the hell.....I though mr India....just for getting subscribe

If you have to make Mr. India, then why another actor, why not Anil Kapoor himself?
Perfect hero but villian salman khan

faltu

Why is the name of shahruk Khan there?

But who will play.... bogambo khus hua??????

Ranveer Singh If Mr. It is a very good thing if India plays the role. But you should ask Anil Kapoor ji first because this film is not boring but evergreen movie. When you all make food, keep this in mind. Otherwise the film will become a joke and will flop badly at the box office. This is not the time to joke.
Picture ko kaise downloaded kare

Chutiya...

Fake news y anchor hi bekar bnavti aawaz
Make Ranvir a mat Mr India oh roll is so great and Ranvir is a true hero.
don&#39;t mess with this film it classic and let mr india  sat as a classic memory

Haha why are you making fun of making your duplicate if you are a banana? Who has made your real? These days, today's actors and actresses have been made to duplicate their basses, they are fools, they have not been able to do it like before, try a million times.
All three can&#39;t come close to sridevi, Anil Kapoor and Amrish Puri

Anil kapoor is best actor ranbir singh worsted actor not match

The character of Bamboo should be matched with Sanjay Dutt.
Dusri film banana mushkil h
Why is Anil Kapoor not lying even today? He looks young.
Pagal

Ranveer Singh will be in the film, the name of the movie will be Mr.Gandiya.
ranbir ko liya to ,fi flop

Cutya hero ha
Casting hi wrong hai 100% flop
all your information is wrong ..bakwaas

Why are you using the name of a legend SRK to run your video...
Ranbir Singh Shahrukh's pair are not even dusty.
Bhakkk

pagal laodu flop hojae movie
Ranbir sing Flop hoga

This film is my SRK nahi hona chahi SRK is Bollywood king
Yes. Rabbit singhis a perfect hero for Mr india

Yes. Ranbir singh is best choice for Mr india

Don't cheat in the name of Shahrukh Khan.
Some films will never be made again, this is a hey, silent money will be wasted by making theaters.
It will be a big flop just like nigahen was.

Villan roll ke liye vivek obroy hone chahiye best villen

Now Bollywood has no stories or stories, it is crazy by copying old movies.
Shekhar Kapoor is Anil Kapoor's worst brother NEHI madam!! ️ Both of them only share the same surname..and are not related in any way!
Why are you making SRK a villain? You want him to be a hero and Ranveer should be a villain.
the bull said
Ye to floop hi hogi 

These people have to advertise their channel more and more, that's why they keep creating it.
Cheat. Title doesn&#39;t match with content.

Bakawas hai kya bhai

Bakwas band kro

Voice is so irritating

Shahrukh khan my favorite
Good

Yeh movie super flop hoge old movie ki nahi athe old actors ki athe hain
Never make a film
Amresh Puri, not Sheri Devi, not Anil Kapoor, how to make MR 2? This film has to be made, should the story of mr india be necessary or Anil Kapoor's existence is also very important.
Making fun of good films. If the film is made, it will be the biggest nonsense.
Don’t ruin it , who can replace Amrish Puri and Sri Devi ...

No replacement Amrish Puri

Anil Kapoor KE bade Bhai...Shekhar Kapur...not possible..Kuch bi bola aapne madam pehle achii tarah reharse to Kar lete....Pls don&#39;t misguide

Wrong information

Sekhor Kapoor is Anil Kapoor's father...not brother...
Bakwas jankari

 isme shree Debi ki beti kitni purani lag rhi he

Mr India Mr India old is gold

TMKC

Ravir over act .anil is anil no 1.

Ye ranveer massali a gya kanjar
Ranbir Singh should to this role of Mr India

I did not say much about the villain..no most important part is...make a video with full information..thankss
No

Runveer bakvashSrk best
Tutiya ranbeer singh
Shahrukh khan mogambo..
No one can replace Anil Kapoor. Anil Kapoor is a very handsome actor.
Sare Gobar actors hain or ye kyun ek cult film ki mc bc karne ko lage hain.

Jute ka imogi nahi mila, for this fake trailer

Why do you keep making skits from old good films?
Pls change the tag line it&#39;s misleading

The film will be made for a few years, Tajiho is capable, but there is no competition, he said that he can do more than Anil, if he can do it, he can do it very tough, whatever action he takes, best of luck for him...
Anik kapur sir karenge best
You have not come to know the name of the trailer of your film.
An . .a tralar box
Mugambo Sanjay DuttYa FIR Akshay Kumar
Mr.Amrish Puri was not a Willian, he was the best actor &amp; hero of film industry

Plz do not ruin the movie..me.india is irreproducible...bollywood find new stories, stop remake of movies &amp; songs

Ranveer Singh will rock in this film......no doubt.......

nawazuddin shah should be made mogambo
Music director Javed Akhtar Nahin the Lakshmikant ji pyarelalji the formation ko theek karo

Super flop hogi

Film would be great

Yes ranveer Singh is best for this movie

Music laxmi pyare hein....aap wrong se Javed akhtar Kaha hein

I don't look at it at all, no one can compete with Anil Kapoor, I am talking about it, which of my friends has told me...
jhuthi

when to sleep
what nonsense
Film will flop ismein ranveer sing hai jo koi dusra actor hota to acchi hoti
Please Ranbir  Singh  Ko  mat Lena srk is best  for  the  role

Kuch bhi .  Tujhe kuch malum bhi h

Shekharkapoor Anil Kapoor ke Kaun hai jab ye pata Nahi Hai to ye bakwas post daal kyou rahe ho

Do you talk about having any knowledge... Shekhar Kapoor has no relation with Anil Kapoor's family, the melodious music of the film was not by Salim Javed, the famous duo Laxmikant - Pyarelal had given it... Salim-Javed is not a musician, this is a child. Even the child knows...and there can be no other like Me.India, whether you make it different or make it different...
Apni knowledge Sahi ka lo mam, music director is Lesendory Laxmikant Pyarelal not Javed Akhtar.

Ranveer Kapoor mr india best suit ho sakta hai
Tujhe isame prostitute Roll ke liye cast karne ko bollunga

No saharuk yes aksay
This girl is afraid of not knowing much. She is saying that SHEKHAR KAPUR is the elder brother of ANIL KAPUR, SECOND MISTAKE JAVED AKHTAR was called MUSIC DIRECTOR.
Ranvir singh chutia hai
Part 1 to dhang se nahi. Part 2 kya ghanta chalegi
This movie is like a great memory in life which we should not waste.
Anil Kapoor is the best actor forever and ever and ever..️

Whatever be the role of Sridevi, no one can do it.
No replacement of amrish puriji

Ranvir Kapoor will not walk
Ranveer is also a hero but Sunjay Dutt took the role of Ranbir Kapoor and played the role of Bogembo.
Mogambo= chankey pandey

Anil would be best for the role
Fake news hai

ketrina ya sara honi chahiye
Bal.ukharaga..sala

Srk has to film flop hogi
Jay bheem

Idiots tu mister india 2 ki story bta rhi hai ki mister india ki

BC Amrish Puri is the father of Bollywood. Make yourself a joker by copying his character.
Hushiyar. What is there to talk about and what is there to see? What is there in the sleep?
Sharukh Khan does not accept the role of Mugambo in his wake but Akshay Kumar is celebrated for it.
Why is Pagal Khan not second to none?
BOLLYWOOD KI CREATIVITY NIL BATEY SANNATA HOGAYEE HAI MOVIES REMAKE SONG REMAKE BANRAHEY HAIN OLD DIRECTORS KI MEHNAT PAR NEW DIRECTORS RITU PAKA RAHEY HAIN WARNA BHOOKEY MARJAAYEN
BOLLYWOOD KI CREATIVITY NIL BATEY SANNATA HOGAYEE HAI MOVIES REMAKE SONG REMAKE BANRAHEY HAIN OLD DIRECTORS KI MEHNAT PAR NEW DIRECTORS RITU PAKA RAHEY HAIN WARNA BHOOKEY MARJAAYEN
Rainer no
Don&#39;t trust her ,please

Don&#39;t trust her

Please request me to make remake of Mr India.
Nahi nahi vilan nahi hai
State
Whalen. If only I had been called, these days of Shahrukh Khan would have come. Aur Whelan ka romance banao achcha heroine do sabse best Jacqueline farnadiz
Why are you joking madam?
This film is in Anil Kapoor Ana chahiye
Anil kapur to avi v yong lg rahe hWo v ye roll kr payengeQ ki unko jyada anubhab h Iss roll k bare mHaan pr hiroin ko le k thoda prlm hoga

Ranbir sing ye roll thik se kr payega Ye to nhi lg raha hWo to pura comedian lgta hHiro to bilkul nhi lgraha h

Why did you write?
Yes make again

Hero Anil Kapoor hona chaheyyay

No

Take the point, Boney, Anil and Sanjay should also know that they also have a brother named Shekhar Kapoor??? Or else Bapu Surendra Kapoor might have forgotten that one of his sons was present in the Kumbh Mela. Lost, whose name is Shekhar Kapur.
What a joke Anil kapoor ki jagah Ranvir.

Han

Mast ranwir shing and aaliya honi chae

Ye bhi flop hogi,kyoki kuchh chijo ki copy na ki jaye to hi thik hai, because original is original,,,,,

Or no one has played this role in my imagination.
Sunjay Datt should get the role of Mokambo.
Maha nonsense information that Shekhar Kapoor was described as Anil Kapoor's elder brother and music maker Javed Akhtar which is absolutely wrong.
<a href="">

Ranvir over acting ki dukan hai saala
Ranver singh h na chayea flim may
This hero is not a suit maker
Remake this movie will be a disgrace and dishonor to the great late shri Devi... please don’t.....

javid akhter music daricatr
What number will flop?
Definitely bana chaia
but amreesh puri varga is a villain and he is a kisser
My favourite film mr india.

Please don’t make it that movies coz this is masterpiece

Chal paka mat

No one can match Anil Kapoor 
the first one who knows the meaning of the word cannot
No one can or will do acting like Shri ji.
Talking about her mother and that Shri ji never flaunted her body but the girl looks like she is wearing underwear from which it is necessary to come out, shameless girl.
But please beat Ranvir Singh and Janhvi Kapoor by over acting and you will spoil our film.
According to me, Anil ji's role can be perfected by Hrithik Roshan or another Ranbir Kapoor and Raha Shri Devi's role is perfect for him and Nawaz Siddiqui will be there for him.
Akdam bakwaas movie hongi
And kiss mad selected Sharukh Khan for the role of Mogambo
Who is the actor who does full over acting? Ranveer Singh and second wife Mr. India movie ke laayak hi nahi hai
Please ye jitne bhi kerectoer hai agar ye Mr. India2 me hoge to pakka phool off ho jayegi movie

Film flof hogi

Tiger Shroff
Any fresh actor actress should get negative role for South's Prakas Raj to hit...
Jaroor banani chahiye

Madam, first share the true information yourself and then use it to publish e.g. film maker Shekhar Kapoor Hain na ki Boney Kapoor &amp; You also tell me the music director is wrong.
Wrong information old Mr .india .ka director  shekhar kapoor anil kapoor ka bade bhai nahi.music director laxmikant pyarelal the  javed akrhar nahi.

Is it necessary to remake a good film? He had no idea to film banana chords. Aanil kapoor like hero ke rehete huye ranvir singh mister India will do no harm
Who is the doctor in the city? Mr India is making...he is leaving the city...he is...
Ha movei flop hoel.
will flop
History has been divided once and never again, the first movie is the best.
all rubbish . shekhar kapoor  is not anil kapoor&#39;s brother. very bad detailing. let up shut up.

Ranbir Kapoor should be taken for Mr India 2
Do not make this flim

Mat banawo

I want
I het sharukh
Ranveer singh ko liya to film nahi chalegi hogi flop
This girl is unnecessary doing wrong creating a buzz in market by doing a propoganda of films.. Who is she a real. News reporter or a fake... Pls comment...

Fake information

Ok ji
Kutty ki bechi h to. Gashti orat h to. Lannati insan. Tm joth bolna band kro. Kutty ki bechi apna title theek likha kro.

I want
Akshay Kumar was there
Ha

Shahrukh ko liya bore actor hai
You lose your mind by eating whatever you like.
Haaa bana chaye
Folop rahegi ranavir hoge to

Ghochu dikhane vala ranvir singh
Vo maza nahi aayega jo anil .Amrish .Sri Devi .calendar .ne dilaya tha flop hogi flop hogi mere flop hogi
Ban the nonsense and make a fake video, kya banti ho bl film
app lecture deti ho real nahi hai
Film Mr. India ki Rimck should not be made at all. Make Mr. India 2 but keep the story of the film different.
Bilkul good decision
No

Dk movies, bobstar movies
Ban my YouTube channel. There is nothing left. This is a wrong way to earn money.
Ranveer Singh flop actor hai
No

Worng information

This is not tailor..Just introduction...U.....fool......

shahrukh khan
Ranveer singh ek phadu actor

I think Akshay Kumar depeka is best

I think what has been done but Anil Kapoor .or late Sridevi g in ke jagha koi nahi lay sakta ajj technology tu hay Jan dar performance ke zarorat hay casting ko acting ko bohat zeyda focus karna hoga .Mr India 1987greatest super hit movie of all time. sridavi we miss you always from Karachi ,pakistan
Maduri said
Vilan gulshan grovar actor anil kapoor
Ranvir sing ki jagahShahid Kapoor hona tha

Ranvir Kapoor no hero
Srk nayok chai

Ranbir Singh is best for this film, and Anil Kapoors role will be as a father

Shekhar kapoor anil Kapoor ka bada bhai dimag to thik hai naa aapka

Nhe bnana chae.

Ek ranveer singh ka khali bali ya Bala type ka song rahega to superhit ho jayega...

Absolutely true and the film will remain hit..
Where is the trailer??unscribing you now

Ays

Ranveer Singh can show even in Nagaraj
Hrithik Roshan Janvi and anil kapoor is new mogambo....

janvi se nehi ho nehi sakta oooo best he
Yes

don't want to make
Isme parneeti chopra ko lo

banana real
Anil kapoor jee ko hI lo mister India 2 me bhi

Ranveer singh joker
srk worst decision
Mr India is best

It's about Ghanta Ranveer.
Kuch bhi kya jarurat he n jhanvi kapoor not fixed

Rajveersingh is best actor of bollywood...

Ya... Definatally but we will waiting 4 that movie song it&#39;s should be remake with khaate nhi katte yeh din yeh raat act with jacqline, alia,or janvi

PR Bollywood please add English subtitles, UTube is world wide and not all Bollywood fans don’t speak Hindi, Urdu etc please

First of all isme herion kon he tell me

Haaaa

Bakwas ha

Dushari shree devi koi nahi ho shakti
I want to make it in my mind
Music director Javed Akhatar..  Please give the correct information. Mr. India's music director is Laxmikant Pyarelal..
Ranvir Shinhg
I want
Ranveer's father will be Ranbir Kapoor
adhuri maloomat mat rakha karo. mr. india ka music laxmikant pyarelal ne diya tha . pagal

Ranveer Singh perfect
Nhi

Mr India.nhi.banni.chahiy. And there is no relief in making any other film.
Rk hona

Ranveer Singh is good actor but anil kapoor is awesome 

Famous Movie | I like Anil Kapoor Movie | super hit movie |
No
Ranveer Singh best
tum logo ko kuch pata to hota nhi

Anil Kapoor ke hona chahiye tha is film main

Varun dhawan is best
Very excited for looking Ranveer Singh in this film

Ranveer is the best for it

Varoon  dhwan

Supar

I am fast
