Seriously !!What’s the shocking news here .

God bless u khushi

Justice 4 shri devi and others who got murdered

She will be launched by none other then kjo

We will boycott either ways

Its very bad in all of the world special in india cinema is a gift that exict beetween a few people like mafia god father and if a person that is very clever or has many talent if her or him family arent in cinema cant success talent isnt important just money and to be in bolly wood family is important its too bad

B K .. why allow ur daughters to act.sigh

You don’t have any work , let them go hell

Nepotism ..fraud...and now murderer  who killed his wife

No

First these people treat other peoples children as their own n then expect their own children s safety.   So what goes around will come around    Karma will play on all these Bollywood stars.  Only question of Time

Who cares.  Boycott Bollywood Druggiewood people and their silly movies and TV shows.

Not interested ....justice for SSR

What is so shocking about ur news? Let the kapoors do what they want. They r from the film industry so naturally they&#39;ll want to try their hand at acting.  There is nepotism in all fields including politics.

Do any good job instead of being busybody of others. Your voice already fed up. Their life, their problem. None of our business. We are concern of our family not anyone else

They are soooo lucky, without much hardwork they get chance in movies and they lead so luxurious life , I wish I was also like them then I don&#39;t have to hunt for jobs, just 1 call will give crores of money.

Why is it a problem ? Jhanvi was also launched by KJ

Koi nahi tatti johar launch kar degaUska to khata hai star kids ko launch karna

No r u mad
No r u mad
Whatever happens, there will be no struggle, we know that...
Please don&#39;t make 200 videos on this one is enough she is going to be launched by dharma productions we all know it and I am not excited to watch her movie 

No not all ....

Yes

Hi

Can I get a heart from smoky evening plssssssssss

Third comment

First like comment view

First time, I&#39;m 1 view .
