She is sooo soooo sooo prettyyy I mean, the prettiest 

Kareena looks good in Rani style, she looks so much like Bebo Bachchi.
Please upload Koffee with Karan with Kareena Kapoor.  Thanks !!

I keep revisiting this interview every now and then considering how this is my favorite interview of Kareena with Rajeev or Rajeev&#39;s interviews in general.It&#39;s time u do another interview with her Rajeev now that she just strutted her way out of a glorious character like Jaane Jaan and is going to set the screens ablaze at the London Film festival with TBM 

Assalamualaikum my wife because of l Au my wife Kareena kapoor khan my dear wife because of my wife l Au because of my dear wife
Assalamualaikum my wife Kareena love my wife Kareena papa Love you Kareena love my wife Kareena
because you are my wife, I love you, I love you, Kareena Kapoor, my wife, Kareena
Assalamualaikum my wife because Papa Yudi loves you my wife because of kapoor khan
Assalamualaikum my wife kareena kapoor khan llove you too my wife kareena love my wife kareena
She&#39;s really intelligent person!

I want rajeev masand to do her interview again  .

Omji
She can&#39;t show  him her children bcz children will get upset what mum doing in other men&#39;s arms and bed that&#39;s truth of matter This will make child confused who is mum husband

People many a times lose their mind and make some mean statements but that does not mean they are inherently wrong or rude. You cannot call this woman right here arrogant. She is humble, wise and eternally beautiful 

Kareena is undoubtedly an intelligent and well balanced character...

She is jehadi women

Love u kareena
Kareena is such an amazing actor and a person , the way she conducts herself is amazing , she has an aura which no other actresss had or will have in future

she doesnt look anything like 50

Why do you want to give interviews in Hindi industry in English 
May God Be With Everyone Always Much Love Blessings Always ️ ️     ️ ️ ️️️️
Peace and Blessings️ Too My Brothers May ️God Bless Everyone Always May God Bless Everyone Richly with everything️ they need Always Much️ Love Blessings Always ️ ️     ️ ️ ️️️️️️️️
What&#39;s wrong with rajeev masad why he is interrupting during interview....such a annoying interviewer

Beautiful Kareena Kapoor

Ye kareena ko bolne hi ni dera  arre use call usko to bolne de mote
I was surprised by how much he interrupted and talked over her. That being said she didn&#39;t at all seem put off by it. I hope this doesn&#39;t come across weird but is it possible this is a cultural thing and is more common in Indian interviews compared to American ones?

This fat fellow is spooning kareena, he doesn&#39;t ask any good questions.

I literally HATE Rajeev for talking nonstop and interrupting his guests every time. He is an intellectual person but too much wannabe. I end up forwarding this interview because of his ranting.

Card....
The right way to introduce someone to the society is &quot;Interview&quot;.Someone&#39;s life journey can inspire and encourage others....

Madonna ️️️
 Sihaloho3 🇦🇪🇬🇱
too much of you know

She is such a breathe of fresh air. Her growth in her career and her as a person over the years has been incredible. I love seeing a woman who has flourished in her romantic/marital relationship and motherhood. Just comparing her to Aishwarya Rai. She is incredible talented.

good wisdom queeeeeeeeeeeeeeestion?
Stunning Kareena
Inshort she&#39;s just an over actor which I hate alot. Yak 

She is amazing ... amazingly talented she is liked anyhow. no need to feel any different

Looks like the  interview has been scheduled by Kareena to convince her herself and set up a new image which is different than the earlier one. the difference i notice earlier it was all about her now she is accommodating  herself with others in the same picturesque.

I just adore her, her journey is so inspiring. it&#39;s a treat to listen to her

Beutyful fash ashaked rajerb and kareena bettear laife so that

In such a bigggggggggg film industry, do we have these 3 4 stars to be interviewed..??.. There are alot of &quot;interesting&quot; people I think .... where are they?? Why they are not called ? I mean I don&#39;t have any problems with her ...but why only kareena, alia, ranveer ,etc ...Specially when you see rajeev masand, karan johar ,anupama chopra, they have a group of people signed to be interviewed I think!!!

kareena is my fav ️

Happiness family to sisters

How attractive her personality is

Love how honest &amp; straight forward she is in life. 

Aishwarya enjoyed her motherhood properly. She took long good break from 2011 to 2014..

So nice ️
She is so calm and probably my favourite 

I love you very much Kareena, you are acting very well, you are my favorite actress in Bollywood, may your family be happy and you too are very happy, love you very much.
she lied for the omkara because she is in with saif at this point but she was heavenly in love with shahid n he bought the inside of her in geet agree with me money changes everything  but idk why when ever i see kareena interview my mood boosts like ok hello world

Can&#39;t take my eyes off her cheekbones! Lovely!

Kareena Kapoor Khan is one of the most finest actors in Bollywood. I really would like if she plays the role of Tolstoy&#39;s timeless classic............ Anna Karenina.  Believe me she would do wonders, provided the director is Sanjay Leela Bhansali.  Another film I would like her to do is the period film remake of Empress Nur Jahan, a love story of the Mughal period.

Kareena has done nice work in movie..🇮🇳🇮🇳

Now I&#39;m not Indian or Hindi but her English is on point gurl

I have nothing special to say  but I loved this interview

Kareena we love her acting skills in usa we saw all her movies except angrezi medium because the Covid she is well spoken she is much mature young girls see mother and still going on regular

She talks sensibly (if it&#39;s unscripted), unlike her old interviews...

Such a huge country with 350+ languages, these people work for hindi movies but STILL they will speak English.. N that too with indian accent

Rajeev Masand is a big Idiot

Amazing lady
She is a good mother I can tell.

Rajeev has become immature really questions he asks about Taimur are so senseless!!

Ilove this lady

farah..naveed..3 kidz..talk..meet..dbo onekico....

Kareena is the bollywood version of meryl streep for me

The most subtle interview of Kareena. She is so adorable in this...

Masand asks good questions

ilove youkeerina kapoor all time

She is Looking soooo beautiful

Dalla journalist ever
Kitni bakwas krti h yeh ladki!! Bol rhi &quot; I have never wanted to be the star Kareena Kapoor&quot;.. 

Always elegant Kareena
aren&#39;t they both Indians? why are they speaking in English?

What&#39;s so cinematic? Or Finest mind? Lal chadda is just a Copy of 1992 movie Forrest Gump. If u call a copycat having a finest mind then this is it Bollywood is heading in a wrong direction. Praising some Copycats.

Kareena is best actress

Home reporter haha
Kareena has never given an audition in her life. She still has a struggle story 

Super gorgeous lady 
You know 

She is very sweet and soft.

Why this anchor is so fat he looks like pregnant woman why he is not gone gym

Is she on dope or she is just bored?or attitude

Chamchaa salaaa fake Bollywood ka reports jonest review d doglaaa rajeev masand......justice SSR cbi
I hope Taimur never gets into films also if the rumour is true that kareena is expecting hope the second one doesn&#39;t come into films either

she is pretty, happy and a person who is always funny hahaha

Gadhi

Wow she looks mesmerising! The colour of her clothes is suiting her so well .and very simple too :)

Shehnaaz Gill is Geet 

Me after 2 mins of watching ..bss kr bhai sans to le ..

She knows the art of being a brat with all modesty

Sushant your killer is still alive
Just being from kapoor family doesn&#39;t make a good actor. Nepotism products. Zabardasti thope hue actor on public. And this faty Masand is a killer.

Asshole KareenaU r a shit<a href="">#justiceforsushant</a>
i hate rajeev masand
Yeah dharma n yrf paise detey hai.. Is paid journalism ke.... Wahi mohalle ki aunties n uncles k interview lete hai sir

Mohalley ki aunty ji.....
Movies ke Baad ab Kareena ko interviews me bhi scripts melne lge hai...that&#39;s good for her otherwise she jus utter rubbish and irrelevant stuff..

Bebo️️️️
Bakwas...

Fat ass Masand- he was malicious to SSR. Karma will bite him too. Sweet on face and a snake behind the back.

Kareena’s daughter will be so beautiful if she ll have one..

She did a test for Paro role in Devdas too so this was not the first time she did the test

Ya she is a production of nepotism. But she is talented. She has learnt many things in her career and sounds intelligent then before rather I say she has become more mature after her marriage. She is overexpressive but she is intelligent.

One more antique character of nepotism &amp; gossips, what she said in zee dance show Mango people. Now she  &amp; her near  freind 10-4,see the real  power of Mango people.

Fuck nepotism.

I get so emotional seeing my favorite actress aging

This career woman is not a career caretaker.
Yes Amir khan is the best

Y he seems tht he is in hurry and he just has to speak in given time if he doesn&#39;t make a haste he will miss train

Sexy actress, alwaysLoved her 

Hi bebop........i hate u aaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Love bebo
Kareena is so beautiful and articulate real and the superstar of the century icon legend. From heroine , refugee, omkara, jab we met , udta punjab, Chameli she has done it all love her

And hindus think they speak English??? hahahahahahahahahhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

Kareema dresss wooow 

Yes after being mother Kareena has matured alot

Rajeev Masand you should be in a PG Wodehouse kind of movie. You are naturally so funny and charming.

Kareena you sound so intelligent in this interview. Keep up the thought process... 

What the fuck she think she is disgusting ahhhhh

Rajeev asks some good questions

She is sooo damn beautiful and this remains one of my most favourite interviews of hers 

Kareena has evolved so much through her marriage and motherhood. It&#39;s a treat to listen to her views.

Kareena my all time fav actress️🇵🇰
Kareena.. That&#39;s now aged wine. Beautiful outside and beautiful inside.

She is naturally God gifted. So beautiful n talented  love her

It’s so true that at any moment something can fall over us and we can die so live each moment

have to say this..unlike many bollywood actresses of these days Kareena-Karishma sisters= beauty + acting talent

wow,,,c is making so sense!!!!!

Amir khan testing Kareena says lot about him. Not about you Kareena. Is he the director too of the movie? Or in the casting team. ? If Yes. That’s okayNo. This is truest form of oppression to a mega star Kareena who is I guess at the same level as is Amir in malesI am not against this concept of testing actors before roles. But the male lead doing that for female contemporaries is not a thing world wants anymore

this guy is doing 1000 shows  .. same stars .. same stories ..

Rajeev “correct” “right” “true” what do you mean man

Its been 2 min hardly hear kareena saying something its t anchor who is just talking talking talking...

Forrest gump Hindi will be a flop whosoever does it. Only Rajeev Masand will see that movie. In all interviews same old questions and same answers Omkara Geet Udta Punjab. Udta Punjab she died who remembers a dying heroine? Only SRK can make Death immortal anyway very boring interview

I wish you get pregnant with a baby gal soon.. I want  another part of Kareena️️️ pls God.. she is a goddess !

Chutiya interviewer, bloody getting carried away with the &quot;star&quot; shine. Idiot.

Wow! Just waiting for some more to come.. With time you are just becoming more beautiful! always my Kauravaki  <a href="">#Fangirl</a>

She is one of those finest actress who can really get into the skin of the character 

Why not also act mature. What is the point of acting so silly and childish all the time !

Unstoppable BollywoodQueen
She is just an idiot with no brains

Published on my birthday :<b><del>24 October</del></b> And this is the 24th comment

Kareena Kapoor is best ️️️
Love u bebo
Please do not ruin a timeless movie like &quot;Forest Gump&quot;. It will be quite unfair for the generations to come , who might end up watching the hindi version first rather than the original one.

Omg such a queen️️
she is Boring here and overdramatic at MAMI

Quint has lost its shine the moment it has made a show for tinsel town heroes. I adored the Quint for its informative writing and serious political and economic issues. For tinsel town heroes there are many other platforms but I wonder why quint chose to do such shows.

Kareena has matured so much. Rajeev Masand asks good questions. Karan Johar asked frivolous questions to her at MAMI

Her instincts are very strong and most of the times correct that&#39;s why she is still here. It was a great interview. Her growth as an actress is amazing

Kareena is right here. One has to evolve with time or else your growth as a person and as a professional stops.

what a beautiful line n it is so inspiring &quot;i will cross that bridge wenevr it will come&quot;.n she did it proved it n totally lived with it.

Get kajol,she redefined the term  conventional Bollywood actress in 90s

she has such a lovely heart so she has this instinct to decide a movie.

Bollywood needs to make good &amp; original movies not remakes from Hollywood. Seriously tho!!!

Many &#39;Normal&#39; people have to work within few weeks of having child.Whats so celebrated about celebrities is that u modia or media love celebrating ur own kin and kids.

Stunner
Bebo
