What a motherfucking government that doesn't do anything
this is the creation of the state unfortunately!!!!!! so E.c.a
Brazil sucks
Brazil is a paradise for thieves.

You have to carry a knife with you and hit them on the hands
Rio de Janeiro, a piece of hell in Brazil, I don't even pay myself to go to this cursed place!
don&#39;t visit brazilbring your money to country that appreciates you instead....

blacks...

Garbage country. Catch them all and throw them into the Pacific Ocean.
yeah I see what colour are they

DEI at its best

Norhing to lose crims

Brazil, where there are many wild monkeys
Those HP must be finished
Blacks gonna black. It&#39;s a global reality I guess.

The punches and kicks of the second person are amazing
Rio de Janeiro is shit. Little place for favela people
My blood is boiling seeing those &quot;men&quot; runing from thugs and not fighting. I&#39;ll die protecting my loved ones, my women.

Brazil=
fuckin country... where are the police. 

I&#39;m an indian 🇮🇳and idk anyone would have guts to do this here.. He will get beaten by public badly ...idk how this is happening..

I thought i could travel Brazil alone for visiting my girlfriend. Now i see why she always keep crying Bad country, good people are trapped , government doing nothing so sad to see Most Brazilians are very good people I hope government took action on these unwanted humans

Beautiful attitude, I support it! 
That's why I don't even know Brazil and I don't ever plan to go.
looks like the African serengeti

Ugly country
Why isn't that manga being killed off?
Sooo... What. Here we have someone videoing it all but no one down on the street doing anything about it. Who cares. People who walk and talk on cell phones are asshole&#39;s anyway.

Such cuckolds must be secured and severely punished
worst place in the world

Brasil is fuck 

hahahaha they do that to me and I beat them to death
Doesn’t that country have police? Is there no law?
No police anywhere. Dirty disgusting Third World country.. All coming to Western countries thanks to the socialist clowns.

Brazen little bastards, their like a pack of hyenas

Thieves are at ease in Brazil, they are not even afraid of the police
First America looted these people, now these people are looting America

Damn you mothers! Macaques
Brazil ,You lost me as a valuable tourist

Animals not humans 

This is Brazil, where there are many wild monkeys.
There was only 1 hero alimmm 
where is Brazilian off duty cops ??

Where the police are looking... horror!!!
Cunt people. They do whatever they want. And fuck him in the face instead of running away from the losers.
Why didnt police arrests?

I am pretty sure if u deck one of them kids is instant jail for u their victim. Its a hard pass for me. I know the video is old but crime is still bad. Watch anything dated now, it’s mostly motorcycle mugging. Go somewhere else guys. I left my professional camera in a street vendors chair in mexico. The mans wife followed me 6 blocks to return it, she wouldn’t let me pay her a rescue fee either. Most islands in the Caribbean did the same to. There are places in the world you just don’t go or go with nothing expensive. I leave everything at home now, don’t even bother with the camera either. My clothes are the ones i bought cheap. Even in Cuba? Before it closed down? We gave the kids brand name clothes as gifts. I wore a sweaty shirt back to the cruise. The only scare we had was in one of the primitive villages in South America were a gang of kids and teens boxed us against a dead end. I swear god sent a cop, cuz we didn’t see him rolling out with his knight stick n saved us. Kid spit on us n ran like chipmunks. Cop told us straight up to stay in the city n not to ever fight cuz the other cops would arrest us. Village had this beautiful gothic church divided between christianity and their old gods. I regret not having the camera but i am lucky we didn’t have it. Huge market around it with roses , fruit n art. Very primitive housing. It looked like what u saw in fairytale books. Never seen anything like it. Just mind opening, seeing such beautiful n scary experience. The adults? Super sweet. Kids? Better watch what u bring.

Why all delincuents or most of them are black? Is it a coincidence or what? It happens in another countries as well 

Why all black guy did that?

Rede Globo and Psol and PT say that those who are robbed are militiamen,
No more cups on Brazil!

Pasti anak miskin

They got to feed their family every way mn I blame the government

Wtf  still wonder why police don&#39;t take any measures against them

I think they need education because if they educated they would be very smart and no need to steal just help them not to kill them

Just eliminating
Black peoples... not white!

like a starving animal, should it last forever? Is there no law until such a time?
guys like that do it in Lyon, they get their faces smashed straight away
They'll die like bastards ️️️️
A sniper would be needed, the robberies will end
I would carry a sply of pepper
asshole country
Aaa wow, I see this and I say why pi### they don't defend, I mean some of them are still children but a few pineapples wouldn't hurt them, crazy. Maybe here in Argentina they get lynched all at once. Although perhaps there is Brazilian history that I do not take into account and that is why I do not know the origin of that level of crime
and where the hell are the police??????
Have you forgotten about the Ku Klux Klan?
Stupids....go to spain...if have balls

Chama o batman
Rio trash.
Police???? Never because corrupt

And what if instead of a camera it was a rifle?
I see a lot of foreigners complaining that people don&#39;t help victims, that&#39;s true. They don&#39;t help because Mr Lula&#39;s own government supports these criminals saying that they are victims of society. That they can&#39;t be arrested just for stealing a cell phone to have a beer. as thieves as he is.

This only happens in Brazil because there is a lack of police intelligence or it's on purpose.... just put plainclothes police officers crossing the street and when they see the police officer in front robbed, the police officer behind pulls out and fills the thief with bullets. ... so they remove them one by one from circulation....
And nobody does anything, nobody helps the victims. wow shit
People have to stay hidden, with baseball bats in hand, to be able to round up these “boys”.
POS&#39;

These rubbish people have to be lynched
It starts like this and then joins PT 
I'm Brazilian, but this is for you foreigners to see what rubbish Brazil is. Don't come to this real shit
Lula's favorites . Little thing, just a cell phone
You have to send them to Bukele and that's it.
AINDA TEM GENTE QUE DEFENDES ESSES BANDO DE VAGABUNDOS

So many people on the street see the situation and leave it as if Ana had happened. They steal straight away because they know you won't react.
Call the police you film
Strange log...
Fucking Europe
Do you want to change that? Just change the laws and triple the penalty and anyone who is a minor will have to pay like an adult, but the government won't do it. nothing the police arrest and the courts let go then if you kill a muleke like that in a beating then you go to prison you understand the law was made to benefit politicians and criminals and not the worker.
This video is old  take a stroll in the center of SP today he steals elderly children and families in the car there are a lot of thieves on the street drug addicts steal to support their addiction and criminals steal to show off now there are some custody hearing rules if you don't confirm When caught, the police chief releases them and anyone who is a minor if they are together with the adults leaves through the front door 
Damn, Rio de Janeiro is crazy 
Where is the polisThe stupid contri

And the police, well thank you haha
It's just for beer!
In Vietnam, if this is the case, the robbers will be beaten to death by the people
How is it that they only record them but they don't catch them 
Do not go to Brazil,  the country is corrupt, and robbery everywhere!

Unpleasant
in our country they will beat to half of death before the police come to the situation,if unlucky maybe already a corpse

Savages...here it is shown that humans are the worst animal in the world and to think that we govern them...‍
Land of Gipsys 
What a shit hole Brazil is unfortunately

How do you live in a country like that?
<a href="">8:09</a> <a href="">8:09</a> <a href="">8:11</a> <a href="">8:12</a> <a href="">8:12</a>

I'm not surprised that the Brazilian police are shooting these monkeys.
that's what mdiyoin...what bus is it or what bus
What?????? Where is the police?

All children of family grants, salary for minor criminals
It's been 7 years since this video hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
What an asshole this aya is, don't suck here in CDMX we would have already broken the mother for shits
What sinism and the police? It's obviously rotten
And today's government says it's tired of seeing someone arrested because they stole a cell phone  Curuiz, the penalty would have to be cutting off their hand.
The delight of the punch
Here in Brazil it's all the time, everywhere, if you come here, be careful, there is no security!
What a filthy country, it has become a country of murderers, criminals, drug addicts and mafias. I would not recommend anyone to go to that country, if I pass through it would be just passing through and only at the airport where I would take a piss and nothing more...
Monkey.
Fuck where is Brasil police

That's ridiculous. Do you think the police won't care if you rob something in broad daylight?
Guys like that should be severely punished.
Full of rubbish. Why isn't it cleaned???
They should be imprisoned for life if they are fagots
Brazil crazy
Brazil is not safe to visit
As long as there are buyers for stolen products, there will be robberies and deaths Stolen devices from here in Brazil are easily rehabilitated in Africa These robberies happen in São Paulo and Rio, the worst places to hang out or live
This state of Rio de Janeiro is a real mess
They are vultures and there is no reaction from the police, what a nerve.
What a shame HP, and what are the police doing...?
TATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTATTACT
It's a shame there's no police officer
Barzil ‍️
Apparently these thieves didn’t fall for the Russian guy)) they definitely wouldn’t have had fun that day.
If in Indonesia they would have been burned, beaten and killed... because our souls are barred from thieves... why are the people there silent and not helping... only one person was there to help and beat us... the police weren't there either. ..this is a developed country...bullshit
If in Indonesia he was shot dead by the Brazilian police, he was not clear
i wz  planning a  tour  to  brazil  but      ....

What human baseness, Horrible!
Don't be afraid, people have to do justice, when the State, police and judiciary do not exist.
These are the Lula voters that the President of the Republic defends together with drug traffickers.
Break your arm in three places
Not a single person punched these young bastards
Well, at full speed and the police are conspicuous by their absence while the cameraman enjoys watching the scourges of society.
Revolting to see this.
Brazil is reaching an irreversible point.
Poor conare. Type of children. Knows shameful.
Serious.
What&#39;s ...victims of crime city 

This thief city not god city

Dont go to Brazil

When the guy sends a bum like that to hell, the justice system that arrests the citizen
I won&#39;t never to go Brazil. &quot;the hell&quot;.

This is the country
And this is the Brazil you want
Is security in your city very weak?

Corruption shows in this country no police shame to the government I will not visit to Brazil

Polis ne sikimi yiyor

You can’t show these are not people, just spoiled people, it’s a pity
Fuck nation BRZ

Tourists, do not go to this criminal country. It's not safe there. The police do not control the areas
This is revolting
See you in 2024 in France..
Basdarte
And where is the army? They don't have the largest one in South America. I even feel like going to rob you if no one steals anything from you.
So many victims. Has anyone been arrested? Has anyone been compensated for the damage?
Bad city.bad people.

worst country in the world
Terrible
Fvck BRAZIL

Where are the police 
Then the police cleaned up Candelária, everyone said it was for no reason and Lula (president of the country) thinks it was absurd to punish them.
What a shame, beating the kids
Just like monkeys behave, fucking baboons
You have to kill, don't feel sorry.
The darker skinned Brasilians are even more criminal!!!

You're going to say that this is in Brazil The smartest nation in the universe That's a montage, right?
Holy shit!!!!
Shoot like stray dogs hm,,,
Shame on this country of thieves
Lanjakoduku lu ni evadu pattucora
In general, the Russians were not attacked... but when they attacked, they took it to the fullest... I saw a video of how our two girls beat three guys
this is what you get when governments are more corrupt than street thugs

This is shit Brazil
We have to shoot, we have the same ones in France but they come from Africa
Viecher

Where are the police in this fucked up country?
Country crap
no police no where

brazil
Shitty animals..
he guys already cut the hand by cartel

Honestly I am more upset at the sheer incompetence of the would be thieves, like why on earth would you do that on broad daylight and without even covering your face?

What A  fu**g country

I wonder why no one deletes them. They are humanity's trash
Even if they are potential murderers, you have to shoot them all.
Is jt only the black kids from Brazil?

What a wonderful city.
L.

Children....
N where is the police..... shame on you Brazil

the problem in Brazil not only shop lifter but the police and the government are corrupt, this is one country you want to avoid visiting.

Do you film the thieves to get views instead of calling the police? F*ck you!
No decent person can grow up in a country like this.

Hahahah is that your western culture, where no body dont care of anybody else....

Moslty btazilian people are robbers. I think

I&#39;m Brazilian, guys, and I must warn you: don&#39;t you ever come to Rio Janeiro for your holidays! This city is the most dangerous city in Brazil! It&#39;s a damn cursed city people insist in calling &quot;wonderful&quot;. Rio is a paradise for thieves and drug dealers, and tourists are easy preys for them.

typical black “people”

<a href="">0:38</a> His heroes.
From my center the thieves with black skin

<a href="">0:38</a> satisfaction 
How is the Brazilian government???? 
It&#39;s Brazilian culture.
Shame Shame Shame.... See the locals no one is helping....... N people luv Neymar By dz we can see there Mentality... Brazilian please.... It&#39;s a Shame.. Are u guys all thieves......... Shame.... Brazilians... Please comment n explain...!!!!!!!!!!!

Bullshit country

why people dont shoot ?
Why they all are black ?

Whe is the police

Just another normal day in Brazil.

Where are the police? Is it still the same?
Maybe we should just stop supporting these countries with our tourism. Maybe after that the police will actually fucking do something to police the streets.

Mother fucker thieves

brazil is bad

BLM
Rio de Janeiro is the worst place to visit/live. Disgusting city
Even with fuel at almost 700 naira, In Lagos  Nigeria, Fuel, Tyres, and Matches will appear from nowhere, it will be roasted human flesh in the air before you know it.The audacity of these kids kept me boiling all through the video. I would have beaten a child to death.

Silvester stallion is needed here with his mounted machine gun on his jeep

Fuck Brazilian police 
It was like a wild animal or a pack of hyenas that lived together with people. A very despicable person. He has hands and feet, but he doesn't have the intelligence to make a living. He lost his birth. He should have been born as an animal. Shouldn't have been born as a person
Really, if I met you and had a gun, I would definitely shoot you.
Um sniper resolveria

Great country, Good Government, Tough Policeman 

If you're in Indonesia, you're finished, kid
Brazil..VERY BAD COUNTRY
And a police never arrives?
Better world cup move others country.... Brasil a lot of criminal.... Brasil should resolve this issues first....

There are gangsters over there....

Where are policeman?....

Latin America is one of the worst destination for tourists and the government doesn&#39;t care. Even their police will rob you.

Very bad country

Gross! I will never go to Brazil, ever!!
Disgusting people....never change....no education, no jobs, no discipline no nothing...
Where are the police in that place with so many incredible tourists, police, start working with those criminals...I will never visit that place.....
Actually , Brazil is beautiful country and many people need to be there for traveling but it&#39;s just the one thing that we concern and wories about the safety when we walk to the public street , it&#39;s doesn&#39;t safe , as I saw in this video I don&#39;t know where is the police why they didn&#39;t help the victims

Praise be to God, we, the people of Iraq, are Muslims, and this situation rarely happens
Colby covington was indeed right

No Police ????

The sons of bitches didn't give it to TURKEY for security reasons. Here you go, security....
You couldn&#39;t pay me all the money in the world to go there.  What a shithole country!!!

Fkin beat them.

Where is the police visibility of this country!? If locals are scared, how much more the tourists! Thieves are beaten up by private citizens in my country even  minors that&#39;s why they are afraid to commit a crime vulgarly.

What a pathetic place

Games should be banned in this country.

Are there no police?
Netizen fight back please!!! Calling all by stander prevent this from happening!!!

Where is the fucking police ??

It&#39;s a big shame for the country

Most pathetic country

Why these poor people visit this country?? Many countries are there

Think if it&#39;s happened in islamic country 

disgusting country

There&#39;s crime everywhere in the world but the sad thing is nobody gives a damn and they&#39;re not even trying to help the victims , it&#39;s like robbery is normal in Brazil.I just changed my mind about visiting this place..never

now i know why this country wants to worship satan now the god send them back karma

look like hyenas
That is why i don&#39;t want to visit Brazil 

One country&#39;s too strange. Where &#39;s police &amp; government ?

Camera filming great but no protection or police there…. Pathetic. If one scumbag would mug me I would beat him till he can’t talk anymore.

stupid

such a crappy country.

I didn't see any crime. Quick, stupid and arrogant juvenile morons. Are there no Musars in Brazil at all?
Notice they all have a bottle that they seem to be drinking from. That&#39;s actually a solvent like paint thinner or any other substance that they can huff and get a high from.

<a href="">5:20</a> poor Girl
Junks hungry
Scary place to visit

The thieving youth is like a stray dog.

Qatar Olympics was the best Olympics EVER. Many people forgot their things in the street, came back and found them the same way their left them.

Where the police ‍️...????
Bad country no police 
<a href="">0:38</a> Now thats how you handle a thief

It&#39;s always the same kulur, always. Anywhere you go. America, Brazil,  UK. They are always the ones creating problems.

That’s one place off the bucket list

Where police???

Is this real

Rio de Janeiro is the worst city in Brazil, it has much safer and more beautiful places, for example Curitiba.

The fact these thief are not afraid and keep comming back at their victims is beyond me. Do that here in my country and you&#39;ll get beaten up by the crowd.

This motherfucker country with the poor government. Look criminals are robbing and no police. Fuck brazil

The situational awareness of some of these people is non existing

If Brazil becomes a communist country and makes the law cruel, those criminals will be good people on their own. Can you really say that&#39;s a country? It&#39;s really pathetic..

People like that should be publicly executed, but what is the Brazilian government doing? It's a scary country???
lol da fuck LOL  poor country never got educated and starving to death LOL

Fucking human seagulls
I would drop their heads if they tried that on me

QATAR WORLDCUP️️️
And the freaking media was biased towards Qatar hosting the world cup. Qatar has been the best world cup host..Brazil is full of thugs including their President.

Why did they even think about letting Brazil host Olympics and Fifa? This country is full of thugs..

Is this why gunshots are heard often in Brazil?... That's scary.
Qatar is safe

Qatar is safe

Huge respect Of Qatar Hospitality N Supporting  People in FIFA 2022.

KojikiI don't want to go to a country like this.
Brazil including government all are thieves

What a shit country

What jesus do in mountain he is so big... Lol....

&quot;Order and Progress&quot; ️ for fuck's sake
F*cked Brazil
Simply don’t  go there. Let the economy get f**d up more. That’s how they want it to be.

Fu-ck-in Brazil!!!!
South America need Islam badly.
Education education education education
Never come to brazil..

Waiting for musicians to beautify stealing now the way they beautifying drugs now. Western people are living in bubble thinking those musicians and tv people are not influencing much but reality is way way different. The Brazillians are high on drugs and they need lots of money to keep the drug flowing. Bring a change guys and boycott those stupid young influencers.

Try this in my country..we would burn your alive no cap.Nigeria

Women need men to protect them so women should obey men, this video is a prime example

Strong Successful Modern Women can&#39;t protect themselves and need proper security lol. Living in their own bubble they think this is how world operates.

UNICEF comes in favour of these bastards

If I digitized, I&#39;d already wrestle him

Why do people let them go? Surely you can&#39;t use more violence and pain like finger/wrist breaking ?

Love diversity
This is what happens when you have high fertility rate

These thugs don&#39;t like Bolsonaro, a tough president, against crime. The Brazilian Left that makes life easier for these bandits. Against the good citizen.

So the idea here is to just keep watching these thugs doing their thang on the streets. How’s that helping anyone?

We need Shariah Law in Brazil and these thieves would not even dare to think about stealing

Good thing in the us you can pop them with the 9mm

Brazilian police are sliping,
A country without any cop!

It&#39;s obviously a hot spot for thiefs there should be cops arounds

5 King :D

Just hang them..

Brazil is such a shit hole ahhahah

This is what happened when you do an International sport events in a worst possible country

What government is this very pathetic

Brasil is one of the worst country in the world!If your a tourist and If you have plan to go to brasil, dont do it. Its looks like hell in there.

This is not safe countries for the travellers , the law enforcement will do nothing for peace and order of the busy urban community.

Kill them all this country need duterte!!!

It&#39;s also forbidden to be naked in the Philippines, especially in public areas and smoking in public areas. If you&#39;re seen, you&#39;re in the police&#39;s hands, because here in the Philippines, if you&#39;re a snatcher, a local will beat you up, and you&#39;ll go straight to the police, that&#39;s up to them.That&#39;s my famous salvage

especially when snatcher is famous, life will be thrown away hahaha, goodbye to the world, just throw yourself on the road or river

Idiots

bilthy feggars

If this act had taken place in a Muslim or Arab country, I would not have found people pursuing these thieves and tearing them apart from beatings. They steal in broad daylight, and people just look at the victims so that they do not bother to pursue the thief. It is a strange thing!!
Let&#39;s not travel to Brazil
Very very poor security. Who would venture there!!

Why would anyone wear any kind of jewelry in a place like that?

Oh my god. What happened to this country...

i dont understand the 23rd one... he did succes to steal.. but give it back?

Where is the fucking police? This is a gang doing this shit every day. 

Where is police.i think police are partnar of this gang.very week low &amp; order

Gosh, why all these thieves are N?? O_o

<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/8P50XuS9Oo7h8wSqtIagBA"></a> Stop violence

Waste of space, filthy shit

I thought their sandals were the source of their power but turns out it’s sniffing gasoline

someone needs to spray these little roaches with bullets. That would be a great site to see.

uneducated people in a country with only a lot of resources 

For every theft cut one hand, problem solved.

Intankavel o bostil
In addition to stealing, they also humiliate workers, how many times would an armed citizen have thrown a party, disgusting people
May be police are involved

Actually need to kil these busters..

People reacted fast, meaning this isnt their 1st time

Guys Playing GTA Offline....Such a shame

No&#39;5 takes his wallet out and let&#39;s him have a look why did he do that 

Ain’t they no police ?

They&#39;re so bad at stealing lol. Miss then run off

In iraq if someone steal something like this in downtown all those people will fuck him up shame on those people and shame on brazil iraq is much more saver than brazil

they all must be die

good or bad is everywhere  but this is tooo much ...why government  of this place doing nothibg ???Isn&#39;t it the responsibility of the government to protect tourists?

I felt sad watching what was done to the elderly and kind ladies, people do not deserve this.
Encounter karno sab criminal ka
What can we do in Indian public police will kill the criminal before he can do it?
What kind of society they&#39;d help each other  shame on u

Kill them

Where is the police

If I go to Brazil I need to keep my ear out for flip flops

If I will be on that situation, in that location, I can promise I will send those boys in hospital for weeks. No meter if is a minor.

These kids would definitely be killed by mob justice in most of Africa. I witnessed they did it to someone who stole less then a Dollar from a store owner

Fucking society

Where is police

They like honest work and they are shouting they are discriminad ,therë is plenty Jobs in mines în Siberia

Enik brazilil pokamam
Best training ground for footballer, that&#39;s why Brazilian are good footballer, good luck

Poor America
A good place for training in hunting and shooting
It is permissible for him to do this to me, and God will notice his shame in him
I will never visit a country like this shit

Poverty, Bad company,  lack of education etc makes them to do this I guess .

Government should do something regarding this .if they don&#39;t care no tourist will visit Brazil.

I am never going support Brazil football again

Come here in the philippines and im going to kick your assess criminals

suck the south america.

I wonder of this video has any impact on Police response in that area

Brazils national past time is killing and robbing.  Look at the state of the place.

Not even criminals. Those are the regular citizens of brazil.

These lil Rats would be dead in the street Jakarta indonesia

Those trash wouldve been beaten up to a pulp if they did that in the Philippines.

hey brazil do u want sharia law ??

Very annoying!

I have seen crime in many countries, but this one here is out of control. Where are the police.You don&#39;t even need to invade Brazil when you have crime like that. Its own people are finishing up this country.

why even go to brazil

Thirsty shiesty little niggas

There is drugs in their water bottles

Okay i got it :D I am not going to Brazil :D

The messed up part is that the cameraman is probably watching them to protect them from retaliation.

Trash country

I wanna kill these kids rn, they should die

Fun fact Brazil has an extremely high rate of unsolved homicides.

have to care a knife to stab that pussies

Subar
A crime is rare in my country but when someone is bold enough to do this and got caught by everyone in the street, you can be sure that thief will have a really baaad day

Onde no cidade/what part of the city of Rio was this filmed in?

a parte boa é que a maioria desses lixo não chegam aos 20 anos  the good part is that most of this junk doesn&#39;t make it to 20 years

Have kids when you are ready

very poor brazil

What a disgusting country 
Such a worst country! Shameless people.

They just need to mess with the right person one day..

I’d have a bar walking thru there

I wish I was there and they tried to rob me so I can smash their face in.

Im never visit this country

I wish bro connected with that haymaker..

Brazil is hell

Get off the stretcher
Nobody does anything, tell him to come and steal here in Floripa so they can see hahaha
The population has to help each other too, right, look, get everyone together and beat this bunch up.
Take these fucking assholes and leave them off
shoot on the spot

Brazil = a country of no old man

I would have been walking with a knife and fucking stabb them all Little fuckers

Why do people take everyone just to see in my country if there are people like that, they get hit by a lot of people

If you saw someone with a flip flops ,just run or hold your shit hardly

Those living in the favelas think they are entitled to earn whatever people in the urban have. No remorse and no guilt whatsoever as they blame everyone with better financial stability for their misfortune.There is a major difference between being poor and being scum of the earth.

Brazil is a bad Country 

First dude just shrugged it off like he’s used to their shit

if this is hapand in india the kids will die before the police come the public will allready kill them by own

557 e nos mrm fe
No safty

Brazil not good

They should shoot em

they need to be beaten to death right there on the street .pulped!

i will never come to Brazil

All these filthy animals should be executed 

A bullet each, no one mourns them.
Thats why I dont like to visit Brazil, fun fact, the farther of these thieves are police  some of them , once they caught they can easily out of jail.

Brazil is not on ordinary place.

I&#39;ve been looking for a place to practice my overhand right and round house kicks. I hope the cops there permit it.

Bad country, Bad  place  to holiday

No body care..  Ohhh  Brazil Where fucking police officer

wheres the fucking police

This video change my mind to visit to brazil thanks 

Bad country.

Ugly brazil
Just nuke it

What a government 
Ain&#39;t going to Rio... if these fk&#39;s were in my country they would be shot by the police but first by their parentsWe fear our parents more than anyone, disrespect to our family is the biggest crimeThese little b!tches have guns around the corner if you fight back or chase

It&#39;s 2021 , still like this in this fucked-up street ?

Where&#39;s the video of these kids getting shot in the face?

They all need a good kick in

SO UNSAFE TO TRAVEL IN THERE! I know most countries have these, but with this one?! Oh my. I will never wish to travel in that place. Where are the police by the way?! Or the people in there helping you? Just merely by stranders?! What a place!

Diversity is our stench.

Brazil police is semlike animals y no shot

Tiktok in public : NOooooooooo

It&#39;s a really fucking country

The photographer is also a criminal, why doesn&#39;t he call the police and why is the police not there?

I only went to the river twice and I know I won't go there again lol
killing them will be so nice!!!!!!!!! i wish them all to die in horrible pain &amp; die slowly

BRAZIL
Hahaha Brazil
They need ass kick then next time they will not thnk of doing this

What the fuuuck Why doesn&#39;t brazillian police put step it that

I am appalled by the indifference showb from the people around.

If you have money to do it in Thailand If you don't die, you'll be disabled.
Coming soon to an American city near you. Honestly these type of things would be happening in the US too if we weren’t such a police and welfare state. It already is happening in certain neighborhoods in cities in NY, Chicago, LA, and San Francisco.

Lol city lol

It's a good thing that here in Santa Catarina we don't have that kind of thing, only Rio de Janeiro
it&#39;s so shameful.

From this video on I will hate ALL BRAZIL 🇧🇷
<a href="">5:20</a> she just gave her phone and walked away lol

Should steal in Saudi Arabia.will find out how much fun it is looting innocent people .applauding give bad name to a beautiful country

The brazilians don&#39;t even help the tourists when they&#39;re assaulted... what a shame.

I heard they have execution squads at night where the police come and just flat out kill them....

<b>No words can describe how much I resent and disgust this kinds of humans</b>

One thing for sure is no one not running up on me so they will definitely leave with some bullet that&#39;s if they could leave and all who want too talk about young they know what they are doing

where polize? kill all robbery stupid

disgrace the country

Damn i wanna punch them 

The police could have the right to shoot these crazy people, even if only with a rubber bullet
Busted up country.

Like a hyena 

Poverty sucks

In Indonesia thief is enemy for everyone. People will punch them before police come

Absolutely disgusting

Where is the security police
national lier dolls and national useless governments make grow those people

advice for that teenager don&#39;t rob the drug dealers or you&#39;ll get shot in the hand

i hope that i was walking there and have a silenced  pistol 

Can you defend yourself with deadly force in Brazil like you can in AmericaThis would be considered assault and robbery,, not what ever a picpocket charge is

Can&#39;t help but hear the Aladin song        &quot;street rat&quot;

so many foreigners talking bad about Brazil hahahaha. Saying that we are savages and have no respect for life. Many of them, Arabs, Indonesians and Filipinos, suggested that we cut off the hands of these minors or even burn them alive. But of course, we are the ones who lack humanity. There are also some Americans saying shit, as if their country hadn't committed such atrocities, in Libya, Afghanistan, Iraq and so on. And finally, other Latin Americans from countries as violent as Brazil hahahaha. Anyway, these people criticize Brazil but things just as bad happen in their country.
Not a single police passed by atleast 1nce in any 1 of those videos...now I understand why the crime constantly

very shameful for Brazil.these craps can injured them also

Those criminals are like hyenas.

HAHAHAHAHA is that true? I mean, they let their belongings be taken away so easily? Here in Venezuela many of those thieves were already dead.
Fuck 
Never ever got to Rio

In india these guys are surely bitten to death by the public around. If get caught

<a href="">1:32</a> water

If this situation happened in my country especially in my region...the rubber i will slice

If it's here in the Philippines it's bugbug
Hope this bad people will repent and find the miracle

These teens are so stupid yet lazy. They even rob earphone? Gosh I really want they capture those shit get run over by a bus

everybody is thefts

just shot them in head

Fuck brazil
They&#39;re so intrepid as if lawlessness exists there, the government should create awareness and rehabilitation. for these misguided kids, if you can host Olympics you can&#39;t cry for fund deficiency for this much needed cause which puts bad name of Brazil internationally.

These people think that there is only robbery in Brazil (not that that's true) but they also need to where is the respect?
Real athletes are seen mostly outside the stadium 

Scumb people

Why this Kids didnt get run over? I mean it would be justified in my eyes

Teenager brazil like dog shit
If I can One Of them.. I Will Like Too Beat them Up So Bad. they Will Forget About Stealing..

just bring a taser

If law accept cut hand person who steal, than we will be in safe.

Why just keep quiet?
Reached in the bus and broke the phone then gave it back 

How do these kids not get shot over this all the time? Lol do they only target tourists?

Bolsonaro: More ppl I can blame my own incompetence on :)

Dangerous Country

Where&#39;s the murder

Those bottle in their hand seems to be the issue

This is only in Rio de Janeiro, if this city were removed from the country Brazil would be perfect!  I live in Curitiba, in the southern region of the country and I have NEVER been robbed or threatened!  FUCK RIO DE JANEIRO And the northeast region, another shit

İt is simple just kill of them

<a href="">8:45</a> lil bro separated from his squad he would’ve got his jaw shook if that was me

Wher is the police?

If I&#39;m this cameraman who always see this situation, I will use sniper to shoot every thief per day of incident

In Brazil, the only statue of Jesus that is big is that people act like pigs
I know it sounds cruel but all these should be locked in prison for ever. They are of no use whatsoever to society and I don&#39;t think they will ever show any proper social behavior. Yes I know they are poor as hell but there are poor people all over the world. Stealing is not justifiable..

as a brazillian teen i just want to beat their ass

Pathetic kids

There is nothing wrong with them, as long as they are here in Cebu, children are dead, you are the devils, the police are here, please do not know, promise.
Stupid people

if someone took my fcking phone btch they dead as hell...

Brazilian citizens should do something with their fucked up president and his corruption. Brazilian people deserves a better system and lifestyle. Not this shit.

In Indonesia, if there&#39;s a pickpocket, the citizen will catch the pickpocket and wait for the police to arrest the pickpocket

This place looks fucking scary dude..

Too lazy to have a better work.

I wanna visit this place someday

Give that camera man a sniper

So no power of police

but who is making the video?

Brazilian teenagers represent Brazil 
Stab or shoot somebody!!! I would end up in jail.

Huehuehue

the definition of a hotspot

Shit country

Brazil is just a big meme lmao. Joke of a country.

Who is filming? These scoundrels&#39; boss?

What the fuck with brazilian police

If they same happens in India, international media would have shown this again and again on their news to give india a bad name

Lesson 1: Don&#39;t wear a necklace in Rio.Lesson 2: Stay away from teenagers.Lesson 3: Start fighting, because they are not into it.

Fun fact: this video was recorded from the window during only a day

the people are like a flock of sheep. rob one the rest like rams look. no one to intercede for the weak

Brazil need a Chief minister like Yogi Adityanath. He is the CM of Uttar Pradesh. Uttar Pradesh was also having crime issue in 4 year back it was called crime capital of India. But after Yogi Adityanath got elected for CM in UP crime rate‚ Rape got decreased First 16 months of Yogi Adityanath govt: Over 3,000 encounters, 78 killed.3,026 encounters till July 2018. In these encounters, 69 criminals were gunned down, 7,043 criminals were arrested, and 838 criminals sustained injuries. The letter claims that in the same period, 11,981 criminals had their bail canceled and surrendered in <a href="">courts.An</a> analysis of the data shows that during this period, an average of six encounters took place every day, with 14 criminals arrested. Also, at least four criminals were killed in encounters every month

That&#39;s why I hate brazil &amp; there Law sistem also Brazilian President

Since the police don’t do shit, I think it’s alright to shoot some of them

Junk

Fun fact: Gabriel jesus was also one of them

City of god realize version:)))

Stupid thieves. Put them all in jail. Cut off their hands.

Seem they need sharia law there . Because I’m sharia law they cut your hands for stealing

<a href="">5:22</a> what did I saw this ???

This thieves should try this in india. We will show them what mob lynching is called.

São Paulo?
These theives should do this in Saudhi Arabia 

How to identify them? - they&#39;re shirtless.

horrible place
horrible place
These bastards need to be shot or at least the general public needs to team up and beat the living shit out of them.

Wow what a shithole

I used to think that Brazil was a good country and a safe place

If you haven’t  watched the movie « city of Gods » you can’t appreciate this video

Why people still walk with neckless on crime and dangerous area??

Give me an AWP…

After watching this HELL NO am I stepping foot in this country.

bope

SHIT COUNTRY I HATE BRAZIL

OMG this shit is happening at Daylight.Why other people don&#39;t catch them?

Brazil can be very hard to navigate! I remember being on a business trip and was wearing an expensive pair of loafers. I was sitting outside at a restaurant table on the street and being that i had been walking for most of the day my feet were killing me. I slipped my loafers off under the chair I was at and I guess when I was eating someone had seen the errant shoes and reached under my chair and nicked them right from under me! It was not fun getting up from my chair and realizing my shoes had gone missing. Quite embarrassing leaving in just my socks.

Where is the police?

Shamful country

Welcome to Rio de Janeiro
Very stupid country

this is how I lost a thousand dollars... I was gonna buy a bottle of water with that money

I live in Brazil but I have plans to move with my sister to live our lives in Lisbon. We can&#39;t live here no more.Brazil is a country of fear. We can&#39;t live without dignity. Is not a good country to live, our live is very bad and hard.And many other problems: corruption, poverty, narcotraffic, expensive taxs, poor education.I want to be husband and father. How can I have a wife and sons in this type of country?I want to be happy with my sister in Portugal. ️

Then, when he comes close to death, he comes to ask God for forgiveness.
i would knock them out if i were there

Aya they see that they steal and few act. Here in Colombia a while ago they were chased and lynched
brazil is suck.

What are the police &amp; govts doing here ?

islam is the best, low criminal

This is the only reason they starve till death

Will never visit Brazil after seeing this.

Omg neither to nor Pakistan 
My Country 🇧🇷
typical

Free boxing membership in Brazil 

This is forest

i guess even brazil police would be part of those robbers, thats why they have guts to steal in daylight. Police must be taking money from them to keep their robbery business booming in brazil.

Brazil is a really shitty country

I wonder why people stand up to watch the criminal, why don&#39;t they protect themselves from thieves?

Thank God for security and safety in Saudi Arabia as there are dealing with thieves by cutting their hands 🇸🇦

Thank God for the blessing of security and safety in Saudi Arabia 🇸🇦 
<a href="">5:21</a> hey what happened there
If this happen in India, they would be badly lynched by the hot headed public But seems like Brazilians are pretty OK with it.

This country is not safe to visit.

Brasil needs the Taliban Anti-Thieves-Squad (TATS) to sort out these parasites. Islamic Sharia Law will work wonders for Brasil.

It&#39;s bad where police.

<a href="">6:59</a> first time im glad to see a gin

They have more kids in prison than in orphanage

Bro these are kids

My country u r dead meat
In India they beat the hell out of you

If neymar not become a soccer

Brazil your life worth = $0,50

brazil
I&#39;ll Never go to Brazil, officials support crime there or I guess officials are criminal there

Where is police?

What kind of Olympic game is that?

I want to go to brazil for fighting

now i understand why YOU ARE GOING TO BRAZIL is so scary

Thats the world the U.S is heading

So to the people that isn&#39;t from brasil, this things only hapend in Rio de Janeiro. So dont be scared to go here. Just be aways paying atention on streets and you are going to be fine ;)

This will not stop me to going brazil 

I feel bad for the people that are losing there belongings, but these homies fo the dumbest run off after they take shit

They are hurting tourists

I will never go to brazil in my life no matter what.

All those watching just remember that this is just one crosswalk.

And this is why you stay the fuck away from Brazil. We were robbed at gunpoint in a CHURCH ffs!!

where are the police?

what are they spitting into the water bottles? dip?

Damn some of these are kids. No kid should grow up trying to steal. Poverty makes monsters.

Interesting

disgusting

bad cantry

It's such an asshole country. Really. What a bunch of assholes.
Fucking Brazil
Someone should just shoot one Dimwit so annoying

Hmmm be like oh okay you can steal what I have but first let me steal your life bc you don’t need it anyways. When ppl do bad shit to you don’t get even get evil.

The government is failing in this country
What is the police officer action with this nothing

Catch them one by one and slaughter them

Where is the police  l never  going  to visit  Brazil

Saudi Arab come do this cut your 

stereotypes exist for a reason, fuck brazil

No police visibility?
Everyone should help beating them up. My Faith in humanity was restored an hours ago, it&#39;s all gone now

Which sport is this 

unsettling
I&#39;m never going to Brazil

Lol trash city
Hmm... I actually reconsidering visit Brazil..

Black vs White

In Japan. This will never ever happen 🇯🇵 So I live in JapanJapan is an amazing country after all
If In india...the public would have bashed such goons to pulp 

There is no police in this country or what?  We do not have such cases in the Arab Gulf states

savages
What the f..Ck is going on What government is doing

An example of a broken society..

"Klw in Indonesia quickly secured the child" That's by the Indonesian people and by the Indonesian authorities and the point is also I love <a href="">#Indonesia</a> 
As l know Brazil is beutiful country and its on my bucket list for holiday.But after seeing this.I will never visit this country.I will not put my self on Risk.Its like everyone is okay with those Robbers and do nothing

What a shit hole.

A failed state
Try this in India. Public will lynch.

Those flip flops. Watch the flip flops

A lot of them Got CHOP CHOP THEY&#39;RE HANDS  You can watch on theync

Brazil is a wrotest country ever

This is the result if life does not care about each other, and does not help each other when other people are pickpocketed.If people are thieves like this if you are in Indonesia you are already DEAD !!!!.

I'm obsessed with these foreigners talking bad about Brazil, even though this shit is in Rio de Janeiro, GO FUCK LESS ONLY US CAN SPEAK BAD ABOUT BRAZIL HOLY SHIT, DO YOU HAVE NEYMAR? SO SHUT UP
in <a href="">5:24</a> why did she just give the phone??

Very very poor country

Brazil is another world

We have crime Even in Pakistan, India, Bangladesh,,not the conditions as worst  as in Brazil,,

what a piece of shit place. 4th world

Shoot all the thiefs and make the world a better place

i have a feeling they have to do it ): because they have no money they need to steal to sell then to eat

Where is pele, ronaldo . Rivaldo .kaka , many more

Yet they say black live matter

You don&#39;t know brazil very much if you knock some kid he will go and bring his older brother with a gun so you&#39;re fucked up

Umm...Is it save to visit Rio?

I still could not believe something like this possible, those robbers are behaving like they are shopping in a shopping mall

they should be shoot at sight, I don&#39;t care about what they have gone through but people they are taking money from have done nothing to them.

So shame....

this is horrible

Brazil is shitest country ever.

That&#39;s what I am talking about !!! You try to steal from me , you get some left and rights !!! ( That&#39;s My Purse , I Don&#39;t know You ) 

<b>A meteor could fall in Rio de NOJEIRA!</b>
It&#39;s easy to become infuriated when seeing this. But also, imagine the shit these kids already went through to become like this. Sad.

Lol, the guys that pass by must be used to it by now.
What a shit hole

That’s looks like a hell! I will never go there

Carl Johnson GTA San andreas

I took the risk dealing with Luiz to be in charge of my trade and finally end up with perfect testimony.his platform is amazing and very straightforward

Those thieves like them,  if They did in Indonesia , they gonna be burning on the street,, shame on you brazil

Where police ? <a href="">Hoodsite.com</a> : wait wait

That’s why I prefer to travel to Asia (Japan or Korea) this will never ever happen

Brazil is no good.. verry verry dangerous holidays?

Where is Brazil police 

<a href="">

Why doesn't anyone box them away?
vive

You only need a mobile phone to receive free commission every day to withdraw money. Click the link below to register an account and receive free commission every day <a href="">
Shame

I am sorry. I don&#39; t understand the situation there but why are there no police officers around ? There have to be like 5 officers around there or just a police car. It can already intimidate the criminals enough.

Try kenya
Why give poor countries to host?

Just cutting their arms off

All tourists must have a gun there and fire without hesitation.

This is rubbish and its tolerated lawlessness in Brazil

Never go to Brazil after seeing this I hope the government do something with this

Where is police officer???

Kill all

I cancelled my trip and I won&#39;t visit this shit country

What a waste country

There is no law in its country

is this Drama or reality. what type of this country.

I wish I could watch a video where a bystander shoots these little roaches down.

Yo number 17 wasnt playing

Brazil is the country with by far the highest homicide rate in the world.

Try this at malaysian..you can get punch and to jail

I&#39;m sick of my own countryYeah, I&#39;m Brazilian

where&#39;s the police? street security? fight fire with fire. Rob the thieves like hyenas.

Great country and good governance 

I am planning to visit this place with 2 guns

Why not a single police deployed here?

this city is more worst and dangerous than Baghdad, and why when those criminals stealing tourists stuff everyone is do not care?

Why nobody&#39;s do anything

Fu.. country don&#39;t visit here very unsafe
Fucking County

Wow Brazil is intense. As an Indian I love it. Definitely visiting after covid 19 vaccination

I'm ashamed of being Brazilian.
<a href="">0:40</a> one of the most satisfying things I have ever seen

Brazil has lost 54 million visitors with this video.

a country when the robbery happen in daylight and the robbers THAT braven.  whatever government that is. it&#39;s a failure.

Did you see? The majority are white.
Countries don&#39;t have rules.

Fucking disgust of the country in general
My morals, as always, foreigners only do shit, these things only happen near the outskirts, not in the whole of Brazil... the guys are really stupid
Worldless = Speechless from Vietnam 
Gta Brazil
No futures for these kids and feels bad for them.  The uneducated and poverty made them like a bunches of shameless human being.  Sad for Brazil.  USA should take over South America and create a more prosperity and a best place to live.  Only Americans can achieve that greatness.  South Americans cannot do anything good.

what the fuck here happened
I like how all the comments ignore the most obvious thing.

Stupid country

i&#39;ll still go cause them lil rats will never mess with somebody like me. if they ignore common sense and try to snatch something from me they can&#39;t out run me and i&#39;m slamming them to concrete with no sympathy.. they&#39;ll never get up again.

Garbage city

I GUESS THESE ARE TEENAGER BAGGER , I THINK NOT ALL COUNTRY PEOPLE LIKE THIS......SO ITS JUST ACT FROM SOME BAD TEEN AGER GUY......I AM SURE MOST OF BRAZALIAN ARE GOOD FRIENDLY....PLZ DO NOT SHOW SOME SELECTED THINGS.....PEACE PEACE AND PEACE

Argentina is getting closer
Street kids. Abandoned by parents. The containers they&#39;re sniffing out has glue inside. They are rounded up and shot by the police on a regular basis. The cops consider them cockroaches. There was a movie made about this.

Someone’s gotta do something to fix all the shit and scum that is Brazil

This is shame brazil is a dangerious contry

Brazil =  we have  highest  rate  crime                south Africa = hold my  beer 

Wow. I have heard of the brazil &quot;flair&quot;. Did not expect it to be bad like this. Crazy. I will never want to go there.

<a href="">5:21</a> what

What is this? Where the cops...... rip rio

<a href="">

Where are the police

No tourism no money

USA in 2021-2030 will be like this

To be fair, this isnt the Olympic site of Rio, more like downtown.

If I was there I would have kicked and slapped that nasty thiefs.

Why was the 23 gave back there phone ?

That fat dude the sec one  oml he crying to his mom

Scummy cunts.
<a href="">youtube.com/watch?v=8u_WR8NGXlQ&amp;t=125s</a>

Glory  to derek chauvin 
This isn't Brazil, it's hell of disgusting
did we just watch the same criminals age over the years

If they are in my country, they will probably eat meat like meatballs
After watching this I am happy that atleast India is not like this ..... I dont know how BBC, CNN and other broadcasting agencyies have shown India to rest of the worl. I have seen beggers in Delhi asking for money from Foriegners but I have never seen them  trying to snatch or ever stood like a goon or mafia in front of them. Even beggars are innocnet in India with a good law and order. Next time make slum Dog millioner movie based on western countries. I am sure they too have slums for which they are perfect to hide buy running propoganda against Asian countries .....

I will never visit brazil, what a shit thief country

One atomic bomb would be nice

Why do they all have water bottles 

Slavery please lol
real Ghosts &#39;n Goblins

Lol? Why nobody cares? If all of the people kick they ass hard... they wont show up again... like in my country... sometimes beat them half dead... that scare em...

They must implement a policy that for every thief to be caught, 1 finger will be cut or remove.

Person who is filming this...should have been a sniper...pow pow..headshot 

remember THIS IS RIO not Brazil
If you did this in Ethiopia never mind the police, the people alone will kill you 

How disgusting these thieves are, I want to beat them up
They&#39;re poor. Dont blame them. Blame capitalism. Dont be upset that they cant work. Ask why there&#39;s no suitable jobs.

Why all of them nude. Just a boxer

Brazil 
what´s the plastic bottle for ?

City of God

It&#39;s sadness and rage at the same time saddnes bacuase they are poor and rage because of this...

Try this in Indonesia and you&#39;ll be dead at the moment

Fuck you, you think there's only robbery here, but you don't even know that six's toes are worse
Thats how poverty kill the humanity. Poor kids, living in miserable life

welcome to Brazil I don't even know this country What a shame, how sad.
I always wanted to visit Brazil but after i see these looters no fucking way

What a great country

Just bring a toy gun.
All black people lol
i’d go to this city solely to beat the shit out of these kids, it would be like a training ground for my martial arts skills

I would love to kill them for free

3 kind of Lazy people - 1 will Beg - 2 will sleep and do nothing and they won’t even eat - 3 will become as a Thief....

<a href="">6:40</a> that dudes gonna get his gun stolen, and then robbed with his own gun

I&#39;ll never visit Brazil.. Fuck Brazil... Rip Brazil.. This country wouldn&#39;t supposed to be a part of world

more please dont be skimming

Fun to watch but not fun to be a victim. Lol

The OG welcome to brazil

Didn't Bolsonaro say he was going to put an end to banditry???? Lol every thing we hear
forgive me for wanting to shoot them in the head

Who is the crazy foreigner who goes to Rio de Janeiro? Kkkkkkkkk
I thought the most criminal case was America but I&#39;m wrong

If those people do that in Malaysia..Yes, The answer is dead

Brazil and Cape Town ( same WhatsApp group)

Praise be to God for the blessing of security and safety 🇸🇦
Gotta bring the quiet kid to visit Brazil

Remember this is the same country that do carnival

Rio de Janeiro the cancer of Brazil
Fuck 54 million views 
The people in this comment section are acc making me laugh

What tha hell omg

It&#39;s funny how some people don&#39;t even react. It seems so casual like it&#39;s just a normal daily activity.

where are the police? Maybe sleeping?

I bet everyone on this comment thread watched Aladdin and rooted for the security guards  vapid monsters y&#39;all are

Just stab these fuckers it doesn’t look like anyone else cares what happened to either of you

Brothel country. Brazil is a thief

Try to do this shit in malaysia... i swear to god you don’t have face anymore

7 ????

these things only happen in Rio, a place where 99% are vagrants and thieves. in other states this does not happen, definitely the fault of brazil being frowned upon is because of this garbage called Rio de Janeiro, the shame of the country and represents everything that is bad in the world. in short: you can visit Brazil calmly if you don&#39;t get close to this rubbish state, know that all Brazilians are also afraid to go there. there you find thieves, arrogant people and a horrible thief accent and if you are there and need to be sure you are going to try to steal your feces.

they destroy their own country lol

It&#39;s a good thing that the cameraman knows that brazil is going to hell

Brazil nice but dangerous

Corruption &amp; crime do not go to Brazil! Or wherever this shitty place is

Why are you like that?
What a shame for this rubbish country, it seems that Brazilians think that one day the corrupt politician they idolize will change this situation
If it&#39;s happen in my country, the victim will yell &quot;thieves&quot; at them, and people around will catch them out.It&#39;s sad, they&#39;re do nothing about it and that kids pickpocketing freely in broad daylight

where is karma?

Racism is present in many places in the market, in sports, in job interviews ‍️Black skin has never been respected in many places around the world‍️<a href="">
I would be happy if there a new job like sniping on top of the building that would be fun

These bastards should beaton with cycle chain 

Will never enter to this filthy theifest country

<b>seeing that one guy actually fight back and beat one of em up made me so happy</b>

By god if I get my hands on just one of them. Hopefully it&#39;ll be recorded

Remember, this is bit on the entire brazil, gramado is not like this, (gramado is beautiful, the best thing i’ve ever seen in my life) just rio de janeiro is like this

He sucks and steals, damn it, brother
Sad but true...

BrazilArgentinaItalyDon&#39;t go
And people does nothing, they must kill those fucking. &quot;childs&quot;

What a shame.
you foreigner, stay away from Rio de Janeiro.
just dont go to India + Africa + Brazil

This is what poverty does to you.

and it seems that in the United States there are no criminals

Unfortunately, black skin is not respected in many places around the world ‍️Racism is present in many places in the market, in sports, at school ‍Black skin has different skin tones In Brazil, brown people and Black people die 3 times more than white people ‍️<a href="">
delete this fucking video
Afghanistan, Iraq ,Iran are very very safer than this fucking rio

<a href="">#kurdistanemoji</a>
funny thing every thief is rehydrating

This is so fucked up.. In my country if u want to die a quick death then do that!

street bullying

Rio the beautiful city... but i can&#39;t visit there because I&#39;m a small, week Asian guy.

Brazil needs to go back to the old days where thieves would get their hands dislocated/cut off

Despite the level of crime and issues related Brazil is not just this aspect.For those who would like to visit Brazil don’t get discouraged looking these images. And then Brazil is not just “Rio”, but a huge and very beautiful country with lovely people.

Really the victory police of the conquest gets a 10 because if a kid could do that and 10 police cars in 5 minutes and then the bullet eats
Actually i want to go to Brazil to knock all of them

You fucking bastards, get to work, you bastards.
They are very idiots for not defending themselves or doing anything because if it were here in Mexico we would have given them a cool madrisa, don't stain yourselves with fiendanse
Where the Police? 

The guy who filmed this is a hero after this was shown to the world quickly the government arrested all these thefts and now we have decent police patrols on Rio downtown. Just show us that all the problems in our country could be solved if the government wanted to.

Brazil is a dangerous country, the thieves are armed, the drugs etc... Do not visit Brazil you risk your life and thank you.
Pure fucking garbage, they should be killed or their hands or feet wet, those dogs are going to grow up and be worse garbage.
Worst thing is that people just stand there

This is brazil ... then Worse country

Worst fellows... What government doing ...

Crazy if i just think to go Brazil 🇧🇷

I would kill them

Any Brazilians here ?

Im from philippines I love brazil specialy Morrinhos,Ceara, &amp; Fortaleza Ceara.  I feel sad to see this video. Where is the police. The government should action. Rio de janeiro is dangerous place. more theives.   I thought rio de janeiro is the best city but i was wrong.  Keep safe everyone specialy the tourist.  Hays! 

If you meet a Thai person, what will it be like?
Where this guy is filming from, he was using a rifle and the criminals feared it
This are Merkels Childrends the future of Germany

Which country, where are the security men?
Foreign people who thinks all Brazil is like Rio de Janeiro hahaha they have afraid to came here because of this kids but go to States where there are terrorism is ok  : /

Curse his appearance
is there no cops or police force?

Kids is the future of the nation Kids :

Brazil never should built those gondolas.made poor people better ability to get to rich areas.

Humiliation is the feeling that overflows from seeing the comments here. Unfortunately, a video with 54 million showing the sadness that is Brazil, goes far beyond Copacabana and Rio de Janeiro and yes, there is no point in trying to ignore this, this is my country
Give them lead
No.  2 mission failed 

I always carry a knife when I go out ::
I pray they run into a police officer and get shot 3 times and dying wouldn't be missed Memo one day this happens and it will be the happiest day in RJ catching them one by one
I&#39;m brazilian and i confirm this for you, RIO DE JANEIRO IS THE WORST PLACE TO TRAVEL IN BRAZIL. If you want to travel another beautiful places in Brazil go to: Brasília,Maceió,Pernambuco,Rio Grande do Sul,Amazonas,Bahia,Minas Gerais,Jalapão and Sergipe. Rio de Janeiro is 100% robbers,scams and drug dealers. Nice travel and good luck ;). Salve pro Brasil porraaaa🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
WTF they dont have any police in that area?

in my city, they will dead in 1 week shoot by police.  no need arrest.

Metallo prisoner to everyone
Yes Rio is a dangerous city but I think that if you want to visit a city like this you don’t wear stuff like necklace and bracelets. It’s obv the people that live there have nothing and never to lose. Adapt to the city that you visit

What is this place? Public security is so bad
And everyone keep asking me &quot;why do you always carry a knife?&quot; hehehe, I am waiting.

Fck Brazil bruh
Because no one catches those thieves
The people there are so stupid.. They won&#39;t help?get a life

I swear I will kick their ass

I wanna kill them now

What kind of country is this !

Weres the authority..

I just hope that Volsonaro puts an end to these rats severely, for the well-being of the population, they must eradicate them in their entirety.
why are you neglecting the stupid children when ithere i fight back why are you soo weird you watching

Come here so you can see if I can't bring you comedy
That desire to rip fingers off leg by leg even kills
what a creazy country ,,,,, here is the reason we need country like usa to come  and force the government to place a wall at border ,,,this is not a country it;s a jungle

where is police?????

it a fake, im brazilian and Brasil 

there is only a thief

RIO DE JANEIRA the shame of Brazil unfortunately
Where&#39;s the police?  Or do you support the thief?  Why people like chicken ???  I liked the attitude of the man with a pistol

Disgusting country!

All parasites, all worms, they deserve to die, it's the most slutty politician yet, who knows and does nothing, not even the police have
<a href="">1:25</a> congratulations to this security guard
Brazil danger
I would kill... At least I would cripple.
All people are like women.. If there are some brothers among them, they will not see someone stealing in front of them and they will not do anything to him??!! If there is one man, these scumbags will not be left alone
I always have a 36mm on me. I have a kid who approached like that, I put a bullet in his legs. today he walks more, he flies more..
I don't know how those culicagados don't feel sorry for them..
Amazing country...
Then when a pxt like that dies, there are people who come to defend it, right?
January HELL
They need to put gasoline in the same place and burn it
mom: what are you doing?Me: watching National Geographic

Where's the snaip to clean this up?
When I saw that video I&#39;ll never go to Brazil in future

Kick

There are no police in these countries OR WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?
THATS THE FINAL OF TOLERANCE

first time in my life that i felt i wanna  kill someone very badly

In Vietnam, I was beaten so much that my neck was broken
Can&#39;t believe there was no police where Olympics were been held

We had to separate Rio, Rio is like Acre, NGM likes it and NGM really wants to go to Brazil, we don't say that the police kill the FDP for nothing, these disgraceful people steal with a straight face, they have to kill everyone, even if a good criminal is a criminal dead
I really don&#39;t understand why foreigners even visiting that country

Myrons
It&#39;s the same place every time and not even a single time there is a cop.

Such a cheap place
Those deserve to die like toads
I once killed a thief who wanted to steal
It's a regrettable situation that our country is in, it's no longer okay to walk down the street because vagrants come and rob us, ok.
poor, stupid then stealing, the most unfortunate country ever, a very backward civilization.



How I want to fuck them!
If it's good, let an Iraqi call you to save his mother
the place is known for these criminal activities and yet people still walks around with jewelries and phones exposed.

Where is the police
Funniest of all? Easy problem to solve...
i hope they get killed one day .

<a href="">2:09</a> 

There is no white kid
H bbg ow stupid is the guy that recording like why don’t he call the cops he worried about getting a video more the. He worrying about to ear kids he out there stealing

Bold phuckers need a bullet in the face

Brazil is fvcked

be careful if you go to Rio de Janeiro, there it is very dangerous unfortunately Brazil has no law

Best place to live!

Like if you find my comment in Spanish
I fuck this country I fuck this country man

These mfs in thong slippers doing snatch and runs 

TINHA.CUE.MATAESTES.LADROESOU.POR.NA.PRISAONAO.SOUTA.MAS.

WE WILL FLY TO RIO IN 2 WEEKS, WOULD BE GREAT IF ANYONE JOIN OUR SMALL GROUP TO FUCK THOSE ANIMALS . IF YOU SERIOUS PLEASE CONTACT ME TROUGH EMAIL : smithbradley9999@<a href="">gmail.com</a>

That's why you have to have the center present
Where is a police???

stupid country

Most of them are kids

Atomic bombs: USA: 6,450BR: ZEROCREATED VIRUSES: CHINA;) BR: ZEROU NOT 
Gringos be like: I&#39;m never going to BrazilBrazilians be like: I&#39;m never going to Rio

I wish I could go to Brazil so he could try to rob me and get a pineapple haha
Someone didn't feel like giving them a 
These guys should take 3 bullets in the face to stop being idiots
I&#39;m Canadian and I can guarantee that not all of Brazil is like this. I&#39;ve been to Florianopolis, Sao Paulo and Belo Horizonte and felt safe in almost every place I went there. Even Rio de Janeiro can be quite safe for foreign tourists, but only if you stay in places like Ipanema, Copacabana or Barra de Tijuca (favelas are NOT a tourist attraction). I&#39;d definitely like going to Gramado or Porto de Galinhas next time.

Just seeing how shameless they are makes you want to give them a good beating so they learn.
O

And where are the Brazilian Police????
Im brazilian and i hate the brazil because of this i want tô life in america

Hahahahaha so much straw.. A truck picks them all up and plays target shooting with them
You are also in India, what can you do?
blm lol
In Indonesia, it's already porridge
You can't kill these little ones, but a punch in the face can. Just break their teeth!
I want to kill them fck u

Why are they not getting arrested ?

The police bussy waching this video

<a href="">1:38</a> ooh guard over there doesn't do absolutely anything LOL
Ya I would be shooting those kids wtf

Brazil mother fucker public

We have to kill them, I don't care how old they are.
Dude, why aren't there 24-hour police in this place?
local busted and sucks
In Nicaragua we shot them
How are you the pelice...

it doesnt represent .1% of brazil yet why no police staying nearby ?

Shit hole

There are no police there
Kamal, no one cares about anyone here, he runs away in front of him, or he becomes a robot.
This is fucking Brazil
Brasil is shit
