Thumbnail nail

Bhhgg bhnchhood 
Bhai thumnail awesome tha
Will Salman get married or will he get all the fun?
I would like to request the Government of India to determine the quality rating of condoms so that the company makes high quality condoms because such idiots are being born due to condom bursting.
This channel is crazy, it doesn't matter how many thumbnails it adds, Salman sir is making girls feel better, hmmm Salman sir, you are great.
It is not right to praise someone without truth.
Nice live
If you keep reading such thumbnails for more views, you will never come forward. If someone shows the thumbnail of thumbnail then no one remains to ask.
Had to do thumb nail work out of compulsion
He helped but also charged the full price.
jackline toh mhaa randiii nikli bhaiii
Condom nahi fate 5 Salman Khan nain
Bollywood is not like it was before because it is now collecting garbage as much as there are actors or actresses and everyone who shows it on the screen is actually not like it because we are bent on destroying India because we are living in India.
Bc thumbnail.. 

We have produced 444 billion rupees from one plant in Jeklin, now we have become young, we have written more MTLB, have we made money?
Le mere KO call kr save dikhayga pr call me hi utauga

I gave you 10 billion rupees
Abe chodu lawda jaisa thumbball q laga h

Subscribe for hours. First write the right thumbnail
Sb ka life khrab krne me pichhe nhi rhta h

Beautiful actress. 
Ha

Thumbnail to shi Dala kr 

Tap tap
Brother, when you click and make a thumbnail, you will not be found even in hell.
Rate hot card Bhadwa h
Video par ganda title kyon laga rahe ho bgai
Subki apni Personal Life hoti hai chahe artist ho ya aam insaan , apko koi hak nhi usme interfare krne ka ,  or apko to Shrm aani Chaie ki ek YouTube Content bnane ke liye ap kisi ki personal Life viral kr rhe ho .. Or ye jo bhi apny Video mai kha ye sub apki create ki gyi story hai ..Or mai koi Jacqueline Fernandez ka Fan nhi ..mai bs ek normal insaan hu ..or jo is video mai ese ese Comment kr rhe hai kisi ki personal life Ko Galat bolke vo log ye nhi sochte ki unki bhi koi personal life ko viral kre to unki mental health mai kya asar pdega.. Or ek baat zaroor khunga ki This Video Creater is not a Real Men ..! mai bhi ek Larka hu or mujhe pta hai how to respect any artist or any normal human .. mai bs itna kehna chahunga ki Jo bhi is video ko dekh ke Like share kr rhe hai Vo Galat hai ..Think deeply uske baad kro Jo shi lge ..Be a Human .. and i wish this YouTube channel get banned for his work 

his mother's ↓
Teri mami hai yo
Ooh bawligand mhaan

Tamij nahi tujhe
Haa

Jhot.hai

Ghanta  lagti  hai

Salo 5 condom likhne ki kya jaroorat thi

Viagra Mai de kr aata hu .. to tujhe kaise pata ..

Viagra Mai de kr aata hu .. to tujhe kaise pata ..

What caption do you write about 5 condoms????????
Don't open the thumbnail and create views by cheating.
Isliye bhoi sadi nahi kar rahe he injoy to mil rahe hena

Salman is doing chodampatti ???
You can talk to the truth by hitting the fool's fingernails.
Bollywood high profile red light area

Didn't feel good at all
Don&#39;t make fake news 
Are bhaiya lockdown me woh Salman ke farmhouse pe rahti thi , din rat le rha tha uski 6 mah tak

I like the movie of South because show our culture

Hail brother dear
V bad

Ganda he par dhanda he
Nice

Wo 5 condom tu he pahnata aur utarta tha hai na, hai na 

bakwas

Ho Gaya is ka be kaam

Mahesh kanabar I love you
Salman Khan 
These  types of  cheap  things do  happen in  bollywood

Abe sell Tera title kya hi aur tu kya bola video me baher Kuch ander Kuch aur le Mera dislike
An unlike from me
useless video
Boycott Salman Khan and his films and shows who suffer from Jihadi mentality.
HARAMALKHAN KAHO !

Gunda hai salman sala
FILM INDUSTRY ME KISI IJJAT DAR LADKI ITNI ASANI SE ENTER NAHI KAR SAKTI USE PEHLE IN DURINDER HERO KE SATH RAAT BITANI PADTI HE THEN SHE WILL BECOME PERFECT HEROIN

Do you write the same about your mother and sister?
Faltu Channel.. you wasted 5 min

YouTube should ban this kinda of channel

YouTube should this kinda of channel.

You are a man and I have to post it correctly.
Tumne deikha than raat bitate huein

Apke thumbnail or content bilkul v match nahi karte

Ganda title use kyo kartey ho mr
SalmanGod watches above
Brother, what are the benefits of wearing 5 condoms?
I don&#39;t like condoms

Thumbnail wale baat to bataya he nahi bhai.

He is Kamal of all pussy
You are a number 1 pussy
Who will say anything about the headline that has been written?
Fuddu

Thumbnail to such a long distance that all the people are coming here and there is no meeting even for a few hours.
Awesome news, there is nothing wrong in helping someone.salman khan Dariyadil insan hyal
Mujhe pasand nahi hai

Kya set likha he , thumble me ,

Buddha
Bakwas

Salman's lullaby doesn't work, Jacqueline herself had said this
Ganta

Useless. he is saying the same thing again and again
What have you brought to make some effort?
Brother who said this about 5 condoms on the screen 
What did Salman Khan write in Sala pagal Thamel me? 5, Condoms far di Salman Khan,
Fate 5 died after condom, what happened...?
Randi baajo ka adda hai bollywood
Zandu news channel
Everyone has seen the thumbnail.
5 condom kya tere Ghar Mai hai? Is your headlines matching with your contents?

Ruk teraa chhenal ko report marta hu
TU APNAA VIEWS BADHAOO

SAB BAKCHODIII H OR KUCHH NHIII
This Mullah Salman is boycotting me
Abusing you would also be an insult..!!!!
Is this true news?
Respect
Sochsamajh me likha karooo
Salaman khan our 5 condom fadega ।
5 Did you keep condoms tied in your locker? You keep it in your pocket 
Thumbnail of May
If you want to have a career, it is necessary to work hard.
You have given some nonsense headline.
Boycott Bollywood

salman khan is gandwa
Harame ha gan...u
Bakwas title

salman khan he likes it
5 condom pardiya shalman khan
How to do with condom??
Chup be farji

This actor is Besharam hote hai
The name is still there because goons are ruling with underworld support. The day you are exposed, you will be seen in jail.
The film industry is still far away from where it is now.
Lund fadega five condom condom company case Nahi Kar degi 

Who will kill this old horse?
Amar fal lagse
In this special house, I will land like this because no one will stop me or I will get married.
Abe salo blog to achha banao dikhaye ho kuchh or batate kuchh or ho

Chutiya Salmon
Chuty
Kon hai ye

To ma 4odava kharab poster muki cho

What's the point? Did you eat condom?
Dost please correct your words acting ka loha man r u kidding bus karo warna bahut sey mahan actresses suicide kr leygi

The day those who post fake thumbnails are sent to jail
Thuq lagaa ki li hoggi
How will Chakka do it?
Bakvaas fraud news
film me salman khan actress ko hi q leta he or support krta he  acter ko q nhi leta he bhai hmko smj me nhi ata he

Bekaar.. or galat thumbnail kyon lagaate hoo.. fruad

Lemon chus lo bete tum, Content is totally different from headlines. 

i can tear eight condoms
Abe sale thumbnail ko maryadit likha kar

Stupid

A simple trick to curse someone...
Hey you have a condom in your vehicle
Everyone is afraid of Dawood's call as to who takes his name with respect, but now in India such people should not be placed on the throne... it is over now.
No.

You put such a nice thumb line to promote your video. Saram did not come.
Write what you are saying, tell me what you are saying, are you understanding anything, are you crazy?
It's absolutely true
Very beautiful, praiseworthy, Jai Ho, nice video.
Lovejehad ka sab se age salman hai, very good fight apni havas ka shikar kiya hai, boycott Is Bhadve ko 
Loda kay tital ha or tu bol haaa

Suru me kya bola dotto 
Loda

Gandu room
Þttttþ7
he laughed
Such a wonderful fuck
Iss chutiye k channel ko unscribe kro

Sa***n cha**aa h
Hey, tell me how much money you got for licking so much.
Is this real??

Ho

Why is the name taken with respect? I did not lie down with respect. And I know a lot of people who take more steps than me to respect his name.
Where is this Buddha and where is Jacklin?
What did Khan say?
Ese bakavash videos vale chenal ko unsubscribe kardo friends, so that these bakavash videos are not made...kamasekam headline achi dale..agar to dale bhi video bhi headline jaisa hi ho..bakavash na ho...
Chutiya banate ho.. cover page pay kutch or write ho or inside march or dikhate ho.. get better.. stop chutiya banana..
Aase valgar episode dakhau naka
Do you consider the public to be a bitch? What titles do you give, what do you talk about? You are sitting in Bhiwandi and chatting like Nepean. Useless chatter of Lukhke Fekuchand............☻ 
Salmaan jaclime bhai behan hie
Headline to thik se likho... Disgusting you are
Lund h wo

Chutiya paa vdo
Buddha Salman Khan is considering himself 20 years old by working with actresses of his daughter's age. Buddha remained sitting at home.
kutt h
boycott Bollywood

Kick is a cute movie, it is not a blockbuster, it is a stupid movie, we make such cute blockbuster movies and that old Salman feels that even today he is 30 years old.
Salman has just turned 55, nothing would happen to him, he might be doing it by taking pills.
Non sense...kuch v head line banata h...
Salman Khan's name used to be taken with respect, not anymore. After Sushant's untimely death, today someone would have liked to take Salman's name also.
Izzat aur Salman ki thoooo

Who told you 5 condoms were given?
Jacqueline once my lily
Sab chhod 5 condom ki story bta Chutiye

Why did you use condom tune?
Hawae khaber dete ho..
Bc <a href="">#Thumbnail</a> is better than <a href="">#dala</a> or <a href="">#Salman</a> and 5 <a href=" ">#Condon</a> <I don't know="">#Tere</a> pe Hi <I don't know="">#Fadaa</a> Ho 
MC be

What did he like?
Soooooo suvvrrrr
JAO AUR MARAV USKE SAATH.

Mast

Salman doesn&#39;t <a href="">look.like</a> gentleman
Condom kiske sath phadata be Chute...

Teri

9883180031

Sanaullah
Lavde

Sanju Baba beat up Salman
Tere ammii pee bhee fidaa hai salman
Lawde

Don't tell me Randibaji's story.
my land
Thumbnail 
Chutya

Aren't you happy with Salaman Khan that you are changing it?
are you crazy?
Sex toy of Bollywood

5. Did people use condom on your wife?
Salman is the illegitimate child of Tatay Nirodh.
illegitimate child of halala
I disliked your vedio
Nonsense, he also gave some heading, bc
Bhupendar Singh Gujjar

Thuaa

Laude ke ball jhtuaa

Jhutha Nahin to fake news

Why is the thumbnail different?
I heard you talking at night with your mother.
Aiyash admi h ye budhha

nachne gaane valo ko hum bhand khte h.

Ghatiya Aadmi Salman
Salman 6kka h sabko pta h ??????
Salman Chutia h
Don't know about sucha but you definitely got some views
Salman sir is a bastard
Bakwaassss

My lower t-shirt factory is shopkeeper brother, call 6393172364, contact 8564057657, supplies are from UP, Bihar and Bengal.
Salman is sorry
Bakwas , chal hat , wapaas  U tube pe dikhana nahi

Tþ0
Undbhakto ki gand jali 

Salman bhai has played everything in Bollywood.
Total bakwas

Wow
Yeda reporter
You also went near Salman Khan's bodyguard.
bycoot boliwood
Chutiya banane ka band kar...

Five Kadom,,,,,, 
Laude saale
Butt.  Cricket Hamburg

4 feet thinguji
This is absolutely true news.


Kuta
Salman's mother's judge
Boycott Bollywood and justice for SSR.

Have you eaten well brother....
Choda hoga

Chutiya

Super sexy salman

Sexy hero

Brother the young man is crazy
Bollywood masala is a stupid chennal, and who made this vdo he is master stupid....

Many have been respected by the body, Bhosri has been respected by the robber,
Salman himself gets killed.
Completely true.
Nice

Jo likha wo to bta bhai Lgta bhai wo condom tumne hi lake diye the

Then Salman will drink the right drink.
Are Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas getting divorce? <a href="">
What will pigs do in India except filth?
Let's make a YouTube channel with these songs my friend
You too look like Salman
These are what he wrote, why not? Or it is a matter of Solomon that it is difficult to defeat him.
Hh dog
A few headlines have also been given. Regarding condom, I have to tell you that 5 condoms have been used or 2.
homemade jaggery
No one respects the world, he serves only the girls, or those who live in his words, all are the first. The world does not stop at his dam, this god serves everyone by making them damsels.
Tuna btya he kya jo hm esma chachayi dunda
I don't take it with respect, Buddha is from somewhere.
Hud Hud Dabang Dabang, Sallu Bhai Star
Mst pelta hai
Isane sab actress ko thoka ( sex) hai

land jhhatu khabar bhadva hai tu

It is heard that Salman beat 3/4th actor, said that he beat the actress, whole Bollywood supports King Salman.
Jaklin ki kitni actor ke sath relation hai,ye sab ki life ending tak aisa hai,fir ak 69 wale ke sath marraige

nonsense news nonsense salute
Kutta sala
Shame shame

Jackyyy is Ms world⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘  ⚘ ⚘⚘
So at ka ak at salman
Cityland courier

Nice

Dog hai ye

Chamche chup

Jacqueline, how will this look good with this old man?
T

The land has killed Salman Khan who is not silent.
Gave the donkey food. Bhadave ko..
Bhadava he..
What are you teaching the society?
took everyone
Kamina kutta salman
Ghanta

Kick Moive bhi jhatooo h

What is the honor of praise?
salman khan save madarchod
Listen to your sister's MMS tune.
bad hat nahiland he
baycoat bollywood

You talking rubbish
Acting Jackliene
You must have eaten too much pig meat.
They have all the things and they don't want anyone to give them.
everyone is beaten
6ka

भाडवा है
