Stream &amp; watch back to back Full Movies only on Eros Now -  <a href="">

Bajirao only saw the beauty in mastani,  only if he saw beauty with brains in kashibai.

Movie name please



She&#39;s phenomenal!

Is film ki kisi film se koi tulna nahi dialogue to assume 

Priyanka mam talk awesome marathi.

When I was younger my focus was only on Ranveer&#39;s and Deepika&#39;s chemistry and love. When I grew older, I realized that I felt nothing for what their characters went through because I was mature enough to understand that the person who was suffering the most and faced the most injustice was Kashi. I realized that their cheating was glorified and that Mastani&#39;s actions of chasing Bajirao despite knowing he was married was shown as brave, when all she did was start the reason why a marriage was broken. And Bajirao completed the reason by accepting her. They should have named this movie Kashi and showed this from her perspective rather than glorifying Bajirao and Mastani.

Dang that look at <a href="">1:07</a>..... You can tell that its been so so long since she was last able to see his face this close. The admiration and love that bursts forth in her eyes is heartbreaking. It makes the subsequent dialogues and scene hundred times more impactful. Kashi really did not deserve any of what happened.

Those phoonks at the end by Priyanka.. She just killed it... Fireeeeeeeee

@Vishnu Tiwari 

Unbeatable

Actually Priyanka Chopra is big actor she killed her.....job  Priyanka Chopra big fan of you ️

Priyanka Chopra, Rani Mukherjee and Aishwarya Rai.. The only acting marvel in Bollywood!

I can feel her pain, u cannot explain in words how it feels, something is dying internally , how people can easily cheat in love , relationships, i dont understand,

Ranveer Singh is the Upcoming Amitabh Bachchan of Bollywood

Selfish man

How can you love someone the same, knowing he loved someone else too. It will never be the same, you will inevitably compare yourself and compare how it was before.

One of the best &quot;actor&quot; in world . PC 

The best scene of the film and a career best acting by Priyanka... 

Kashi ...

Petition to make this &quot;Scene of the Bollywood&quot;

Epic scene 

I&#39;m not Indian so I live off by subtitles but even without understanding much what was said, the acting of PC gives me goosebumps.  She is a gift to cinema. Wow! Superb.

Raasleela nahi rachai? What do they mean by that statement? Do they even know what they are saying? Krishna ji had raasleela with gopis, but do these film makers and dialogue writers know the meaning of raasleela, i know, we stupid hindus ignored these blasmemic statements which actually insulted our supreme bhagwan and mother rukmini and mother radha.

Nobody can&#39;t replace Priyanka Chopra  Love you my Dear 

All time my favourite dialogue 

If this happens to me I&#39;ll kick him out of my life..... people who cheat doesn&#39;t deserve any respect

I have no words.... Fully mesmerized by Priyanka ji performance as kashi bai

Seen thousands of time. Matchless dialogues of Priyanka Chopra

I like this movie bcoz of only Priyanka&#39;s Acting.... Superb act by Priyanka.... That&#39;s why she is appreciated in Hollywood.... They knows Talent... Real talent

Bollywood PEAKED here! Right here in that writing and Acting!! And that Tear Drop is an Unpaid Actor who stole the scene!! 

Mind blowing 

Priyanka done complete justice to her role 

Jo Mastani ko Chunte hai Woh Baad Mein Karan Ke Show Pe Rote hai

Ooooooo, oooo. -Brittney Lee Hill Collier, Thursday, November, 2nd, 2023. 7:19 a.m.

The dialogues are extraordinary in this scene...kashibai really did the exact thing one should do if his/her  partner cheat on them.She said i ll give you happiness.. by restricting  him from entering her room.when he was in love with mastani ofcourse he no longer would feel the same thing for her...and showing affection is just a damage control thing..and not love...

Till date i haven&#39;t seen bajirao mastani coz i never wanted to, but i now want to see it just for priyanka and for this scene 

What is the name of the movie and where can I see it in full?

Ranveer to deepika after koffee with Karan show : paraye logo se kya shikata krna ghaav to apno ke zyada chubte hai

Priyanka just made us cry in this centimental scenes.

These scene so iconic

प्रियंका सुपर एक्टिंग शब्द कम है कहने को वा

I have become Priyanka&#39;s fan after this movie. I want to meet her... Hug her.. and cry .. and say that &quot;you are divine in this movie &quot;.... 

I think khashi should be the man lead...

And Bollywood peaked here &gt;&gt;&gt;

No one is talking about Ranveer

I watch this scene again and again

I&#39;ve been living in Pune for some time now..I&#39;ve observed Marathi people closely..learnt their history.. it&#39;s just my opinion..that only Kashi bai&#39;s character was portrayed correctly. Marathis have been warriors..I refuse to believe that other characters stood their and took mastani&#39;s nonsense. I know..may be this is a work of fiction..but if things did happen this way.. there&#39;s no way other characters were so weak and just stood there and took everything. Nope..

Bollywood peaked here 

Kashibai 

<a href="">3:18</a>  everyone praises Priyanka in this scene and rightly so….but just look at Ranveer’s acting here, just emoting all his feelings through his eyes. He can’t weep as he’s a Peshwa, yet he’s a human too who loved Kashi. Excellent acting.

Priya O Priya, what a superb actress are you......

What a selfish movie..... it&#39;s just shows a selfishness 

This is the best scene of the movie



Sanjay Leela Bhansali extract the real character from the every actor



Masterpiece... this scene sums UP what excellence in every aspect of filmmaking means

his tears... omg

Fun fact no national award for this brillant performance ??

I cried harder here than i did at the last scene.

I think She&#39;s(Kashi) stronger then Mastani in emotional sense. Mastani would had been stronger if she have the guts of leave peshwa.

Thanks ji 

This movie is when I realized the Oscars are rigged and fake

If kashi was so hurt by bajirao and Mastani&#39;s affair ,why did she dance with mastani in the thyohar whar does that mean ? Forget about the bhet she had given to mastani .



Asa hi hota ha jisko zayada chah lo wo apko akela kr k apni nai dunia basa leta or hum vs muskra k gham chupa skty...

What a scene man movie ek taraf and this particular scene️

“humari wajah se agar tumhe koi dukh phocha hai” he still had the audacity to gaslight her!

I&#39;m just a Mexican girl in Texas but I have a soft spot for Bollywood.  I have NO idea what they&#39;re saying but filling in the blanks from the Wikipedia page, I&#39;m assuming this is the scene were the first wife tells him that he stepped on her honor.  And he&#39;s trying to explain himself but he also apologizes.  This acting is top notch.  Got me all teary eyed.  Please turn on the CC so YouTube can translate for me.

Ufffff

SW

uff!!! iconic scene and iconic performance by Priyanka. One of the best scenes of the whole movie.

This makes me cry so much thinking of the pain of kashi 

Really.. it&#39;s very difficult

One of the best dialogue deliveries ever done

Kashi deserved better

Acting level 

no one understood what went through her heart ... Kashi 

Priyanka aced this scene

He thought the ate when he said he didn&#39;t differentiate between Kaashi and Mastani lmfao that dialouge ircks me so bad!!!

My dear regret is only one thing...if you demand me happily my life we give you..but you have broken my pride..wow! I love this dialouge..

Priyanka Chopra gave a wonderful performance in this movie. She looked so beautiful in  traditional  Maharashtrian sarees.

Now a days Bollywood lost this kind of acting ... story...this is all credit gost director...and technician department work....we are waiting for that Bollywood..... from kannadiga .... Bangalore

I am youtuber mera entertainment channel haimera channel se apko help ho sakta hai nice vedio

&quot; MHANJE&quot; and the CHANNEL CHANGES

Dheli law

Bhut achhi baat boli hai Priyanka

Priyanka outclassed Ranveer in this scene. Ranveer seems to wait for the end of Priyanka&#39;s dialogue, then delivers his. But Priyanka isn&#39;t acting, she&#39;s just the wife of a person who has married another...she just knows what her husband would do and say,and she&#39;s ready for everything.

Priyanka Chopra 

Priyanka z de best actress i hve ever seen she z like a brinjal suitable to ol roles n miss perfectionist....i really adore her

Can anyone translate this scene to english for me?? I sorta don&#39;t understand some wordsAlso, i really loved this moviemade me cry my eyes out

BG music is loveable

Priyasi ka bhi whi haal hoga,logo k darr se chupate honge..

Kashibai was a housewife for Bajirao.. legally wedded in Hindu sense and he loved her to the core of his heart..but Mastani was her warrior companion..for some people, love is not just about someone waiting for you at home or relishing your company, it is also about someone fighting with you, for you on the front, ready to die at any moment. Neither kashibai, nor Mastani, nor Bajirao; no one was wrong in one&#39;s own earnest. Just the situations and the fate above all! All those people passing judgements, pity on you guys!!

THIS SCENE HAS MY HEART!!

In this scene she embodied the essence of Kashi Bai, there&#39;s no Priyanka Chopra to be seen, there&#39;s just pure talent and soul of the character she is portraying. She Is Kashi Bai.

Jab kisi ko duniya se jyada pyaar kero aur wo hi nazer fer le to usi din aurat mer jaati h

Priyanka nailed it!

Ultimate acting by priyanka ma&#39;am 

For me kashibai is the main character woman of standard

Gajab ki acting ki hai Priyanka ne Kamal hai

I love this scene. Her strength in expressing her pain so calm and clearly and his pain yet respect of her boundaries. Both of them clearly upset and tearing up… gods it’s good

Ghar ki badi Bahu ho.....Deep words by priynka....&#39;&#39;Saaz o shringaar se to Lagte hi hai&#39;&#39;

I consider this spectacular movie as a benchmark for our Tollywood to reach one day

i want to see Priyanka as marathi mulgi in more movies!!!!

Kamaal hai vadava ke din deep jalathe he tum kuna rahi ho 911 attacks distance of one   twin tower horizontal distance add 10 metres either sides apne apne aane ki khabar di thi dostamce between two pure characters@narendramodi

No matter how many movies I watch. I always come back to this.This scene stays in my heart rent-free.These lines, Priyanka&#39;s acting.Everythung is outstanding.

Pandora why did you open the box. Pain would have never been there.

Kashibai: HinduBajirao: HindutvaRahul Gandhi, please take note.

mughl-e-azam ek taraf aur Priyanka ka vo aansu ek taraf. art across the world and centuries couldn&#39;t compete against that one tear of hers.

priyanka acted her heart out. and it made this scene memorable!! Radhe Krishna!!!

Priyanka acting is killer  Hats off !

Few reasons to root for bollywood



Priyanka deserve an Oscar just for this scene 



Priyanka on her top

Best of priyanka!!!

One of my most favourite movie scenes of all time 

Right

Aaj bhi ye scene naya lagta hai jb ki  aaj 6 sal bit Gaye ...... 

You see this scene is the exact reason why I would say Kashibai stole the show. And of course acting has a great deal to do with it, but the character, kashi&#39;s character is way better written than mastani. Nd there is a series of emotions in it. Blank staring into space is not acting. U see here, kashi&#39;s pain through that smile is so clearly visible in priyankas eyes, that&#39;s what connects us to her story.

This scene just breaks my heart

Love u sneha

That was Epic,,,

What is Guroor?

<a href="">1:07</a> her eyes clearly show the pain of seeing him for the last time as hers. 

This

Mastani love become meaningless after understanding the pain of Kasibai... this scene is more painful then the final scene of movie...though not judging love...but at what cost..is it fair...

Priyanka Chopra is finest actress of Bollywood in 21st  century but underrated because of nepotism in bollywood.

Could never stop watching this.... Pain in her eyes

Men specially the influential ones had several wives and that was a very normal matter back then, like all Chatrapatis had more than one wife. Idk why they portrayed Priyanka as a sad wife here.The real ones myb didn&#39;t feel anything at all, they might have been used to it.



What a acting Priyanka a strong woman

PC rocks

<a href="">1:52</a>

<a href="">01:05</a> that few sec of stare 

These <a href="">3:55</a> min &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;whole movie

Baarfi me priyanka ne aisi asu laithi hamre aakhkome

Best  diolloga in tha world

Rani ji ap sahi thi apka hi sharp hi Raj ji ok

Ye wala dard mujhe apni life main chaiye

Can someone translate their dialogue here? Looks like it would be awesome ..

How can men share love like this,He never understands meaning of wife when ever they go after other ladies,shame on men folk

Touch the heart

The drop of tear from the eye was on correct movement. Love the act

They both made us feel they are living the moment

One word iconic 

Can someone translate that Radha Krishna dialogue plzz

The best scene of the whole movie️

Falak safa 

Mast

Kashi ko hurt Kiya tha bajirao isliye last me maar gye wo .

Priyanka mam you just nailed it

Plz captions

All relationships have love, but different kinds. One between couples cannot be distributed as it will not be equal. 

I had watched this movie when i was in class 5 , at that time i thought kashi was wrong and i hated her as mastani and bajirao died at the end but i was wrong kashibai died before them  right here in this scene i can feel Kashi pain 

Priyanka&#39;s character deserves an applause here and so her character portrayal delivering every emotion into bits :)

Gossebumps .. Priyanka best hai ️️

Kashi kitne pyare the ...unko hi dhoka de diya ..very bad 

This scene has emotions in acting at its peak.

Priyanka! Priyanka!Priyanka!.........dat pain in those eyes ....

I bet kashi&#39;s clips are the most viewed ones in entire movie

All talk about Priyanka but Ranveer also nailed it... Expression before leaving is heart touching 

This one has no subtitles but i remember everything said in this scene so much that at this point I dont even need it.

After this scene i think movies name should be Kashibai instead Bajirao Mastani 

Sanjay leela bhansalis movies never disappoint us even  is movie mai bhi sbki acting bhut achi thi  Ranveer singh  yrr kya acting and priyanka  ki acting  ye hota hai acting 

Kasi ke dard Ko kisi ne nahi dekha

The great twist is...Deepika married indian guy ranveer singh.. But ur priyanka  married to british guy, she made bhakths gang and chaddi gang brother in law of british.. Atleast sge showed ur level..

बेहतरीन संवाद

Priyanka&#39;s acting skill is on another level.....! For me , this is the best work of Priyanka.....! I have fall in love with kashi Thanks to the diva for introducing kashi to us , so beautifully.....!

Only a person who has gone through a similar situation can feel the pain of these lines

priyanka&#39;s acting out of world...

<a href="">2:19</a>

Good. Ham Log Kashi Bai kei support mein hain. Bhagwa hai Maratha.

No one can beat the diolog what a masterpiece acting ranveer and priyanka

The pain when someone breaks ur trust...Uff

What performance by Priyanka Chopra 

So many times I watched this scene

Priyanka&#39;s character kashi bai was a side actress but the way she played it made her the main aspect in the movie .skills man skills I still remember in the theater hall that day after movie got ended audience were just talking about priyanka&#39;s acting everyone was talking to there friends, partner and saying the same for priyanka. During this krishan  rukhmani talk scene there was clapping in the theater not much but yaah everyone clapped for 5-6 secs.

Wah kya baat hai Priyanka Chopra is best

Parai logo se kiya shikayat karna Ghou to apno k jada chupte hai 

Ranvir Singh ki acting over lgti hain

Kya over acting hai

kangana in fashion, madhuri in devdas and priyanka in bajirao… ok tell me something about lead ones

Priyanka completely shadowed Deepika and Ranveer

-&quot;Kaashi tum humare liye utni hi priye ho jitni ki mastani.&quot; -&quot;Krishna ne bhi yahi kaha tha.&quot;

This is the bestest scene I have ever seen...

WELL... PRIYANKA STOLE THE SHOW ,BOW DOWN 

Whenever bollywood makes PC a supporting character,  main characters get overshadowed.

Tragedy Queen.  Love it!!!

She owned it with self respect and told him to never enter her room

Parai thi mastani

Priyanka Chopra slays 

From the moment she starts telling krishna rukmani story till the very end... Masterpiece! ️

Omg, is she even acting here, she is soo natural here 

PC brilliantly showed her talent in this film. This scene itself is a whole institution. She looked so real here.

Dialogs 

Ghav to apne ke chuvte h 

Even after not having name in the poster, she stole the show with every scene 

Essa sena é muito triste e a priyanka é uma atriz maravilhosa



Priyanka perfectly showed the pain of thousands of people irrespective of their gender. Men feel more heartbroken when their beloved partner choose someone else over them.

Who loves and respect Kashibai ?

Very Nice Acting by Priyanka Chopda.

Bhut achhi bat khi

I was just a 11 year old when I watched this movie and even at that time i felt that something is terribly wrong when Bajirao was with Mastani even after having a faithful and caring wife like Kashi Bai such was PC&#39;s acting in this movie

Gharoor chheen liya

Goosebumps  PC is an extraordinary actress

I am still comparing devdas to bajirao, priyanka did an awesome job

Great acting ranbeer.

Though this movie has made with the love story of Bazirao-Mastani but I think, Kashibai loved Bazirao more  If you love more, u can sacrifice anything for ur lover&#39;s happiness  while watching this movie, i was feeling very sad for Kashibai  this dialogue touch my heart »» &quot;Aap humse hamari zindagi maang lete hum aapko khushi khushi de dete; par aapne toh humse hamara guroor cheen liya&quot; 

What a performance

I love this scene

Everyone saw a great love story in this movie but for me this was a movie based on extra marital affair. Kashi Bai ka dard kisi ko nahi dikha. Hats off to her acting skilssss just mind blown. The pain of betrayal

Everyone saw a great love story in this movie but for me this was a movie based on extra marital affair. Kashi Bai ka dard kisi ko nahi dikha.

KUKUROR  CHINEMA  BONDHO  ,,,‍️‍️‍

Ufff....!! every word so heart touching nd true...

Super diloge

wow...... Priyanka ka voice, expressions, performance..... lajawaab...

300 saal pehle kashibai Bajirao per jads hak jatati thi balki us time main 2 bivi karna aam baat thi.....kashibai ne bajirao ko mentally  dominate kamjor  kiya tha agar abhi ka Trends dekhkar  muze nahi lagta hain ki Peshwa hokar baki rajao ki tarah ayyashi nahi ki balki lagatar 40 War Jeeti thi..he was great Warrior.

I dont like Bollywood but this scene is too much good

This is scene gave me goosebumps ️

Ghau toh apne ka chubta hein

Salute to kashibai for her self respect

Self respect ️

Dard mein bhi muskurana hi asli taakat hai 

The best part is when Rao sits beside her and she pauses for a moment, looks at him and feels that once, Rao was her&#39;s. Just her&#39;s. But now, he is someone else&#39;s. 

Excellent dialogues.. beautiful execution

This sence still make me cry ️

Aj kal sabki life me he mastani jaise orat

Priyanka Chopra is a phenomenal actor

Anyone here who feel like they are side character in real life. I do

Only this line is remember of this movie

Nzjmxhxhxjxjxhxjxjxxjjxjxjxh

Where is deevani mastani

<a href="">2:16</a> true lines by priyanka . This dialogue made Bajirao mastani superhit .

Priyanka is a great actress. I really love her acting skills. The whole story was suppose to show the love of Bajirao Mastani. But It showed the true love of Kashibaai as she sacrificed her husband to Mastani for his happiness.

No doubt Priyanka nd ranveer nailed it 

Amazing scene, showing how a woman&#39;s temporary jealousy can have such long lasting devastating ramifications

When she said Aapne toh hamse hamara guroor hi cheen leya.... Man what an actor she is look at her eyes..

No offence but Bajirao was a jerk.

I ain&#39;t a emotional person neeither cried seeing this movie but today this scene from kashibais pov is hitting so hard I am just crying

The character of Kashibai was superior than any Mastani or bajirao for sure.

Thik hey agar apki yahi khwahish hey to sirf aur sirf apke liye ham yaha se hamesha hamesha ke liye chale jayenge shiv mahakal

Priyanka and her acting, emotions, pain ufff️️️ she was the besttt besides she was second lead but how she got the spotlight which she deserves . Love her

Paraaye logo se kya shikayat karna... Ghaav to apno ke zyada chubhte hai 

My heart just breaks for Kashi in this scene

Hii

You can make fun of Ranveer.  But  never  his acting !

Just after saying goorur chin liya.. Look at her trembling lips and helpless painfull eyes .. O my God... Priyanka is living the character. Sooo much detailing in the expression.

&quot;Log to preyasi ko hi yaad rakhte hai &quot;... Nahi Kashibai.. Hum apko yaad rakhte hai.. Apki dard humare hriday ko chhu jati hai.. Hum bhi apke jaise ek sa safar kar rahe hai.

I have watched this so many times each time it feels so fresh hats off SLB

Nothing to see here, just Priyanka eating up the whole movie and casts with her acting.

Priyankas best performances. She was way above Deepika

Bajirao masthani  is a film of ranveer singh and  deepika padhukone.... But the film is all about kashi.... Brilliantly played by one and only PRIYANKA CHOPRA..

Great scene Priyanka

Priyanka is just fab

i am watching this scene after long time bcz i was reading about Lord krishna and everyone even including Lord krishna Loves Radha but no one talk about Rukmini y ? KRISHNA Didn&#39;t loved Rukmini ?actually don&#39;t know please can any one recommend any books i want to know about Lord krishna Rukmini and Radha and his lost city Dwarka ,please reffer i am not at all embarassed to confess that i don&#39;t know  about lord krishna properly i know every thing which i saw in reels videos but i don&#39;t think i know him properly,youtube videos are youtuber&#39;s perception but i want to know about lord krishna properly ,please reffer 

This is so bad.....why kings at that time were allowed to have multiple wives. Polygamy is worse than murder

Masterpiece acting

Priyanka in this scene &gt; Deepika and ranveer in the whole movie.  It&#39;s 2022 and I&#39;ve watched this scene a numerous times but the feel and the connect is still the same️ priyanka you took away the 3 hour movie from them in 30 seconds 

I feel like Bajirao blowing and putting off the diyas which are representation of light visually portrays how he takes away her light slowly one after another.

Just think point of view of kashi also.......oh bhi to insan hai....so called &quot;Bajirao-mastani&quot; Prem......story.....she also sacrifice her life for Peshawa. Bajirao Peshawa is great warrior but not good husband and father ....



<a href="">3:15</a>Did you hear her broken voice

অসাধারণ



Priyanka Chopra ️

Still ....it is my favourite scene ️

Bollywood ke kuch actor bahut hi la-jawaab hai, jo kisi bhi aur film industry me nahi hai...South movies me only action hota hai ,,acting nahi

Alia bhatt iz BeSt AcTrez 

He knew he broke her heart so can&#39;t even make eye contact

<a href="">1:08</a>

Wow priyanka expression is a awesome amazing actress 

Kia acting ki h pryanka ny or depika ny b qesy director ny aisi 2 ldkya li h jnmy koi b ksi aik ko nh chunn skta

Sazo shringar sy to lgty he hain

How do people glorify the extra marital affair of bajirao mastani! All I saw in this movie was kashi&#39;s pain and sacrifices

Can anybody translate this for me

Priyanka was outstanding

I don&#39;t know why... this scene makes me 

Priyanka nailed this scene! She literally overshadowed Ranveer in this scene.

I mis priyanka in bollywood nowadays....she brings such a unique and defined presence on screen! Hoping to see more of her work as soon as possible, and if in a slb project it would be even better

Hamne Aapke sath rasleela Jo nahii rachai , line touch heart

<a href="">2:19</a>

I don&#39;t think that Krishna and Rukmini conversation was authentic.Rukmini and Radha both are manifestation of Goddess Lakshmi

PC the great

This is the best scene of this movie . Love to watch it again and again, especially the dialog delivery of Priyanka is very appreciable.

wish we got a full feature on Kashibai

Literally pc acting in this just.........

That dialouge by priyanka ghav toh apno k zada chubte h has a different fan base

The way he said with crying &quot; acha nahi kiya &quot; ... Man ... He touched my heart,️

Honestly I couldn&#39;t care less about bajirao and mastanis love story, Kashi bai stole my heart. All I felt is her pain and not their love. And Priyanka, my goodness she nailed it. Every scene she was in she outsold everybody else. So brilliant she is as Kashi bai. I never get tired of watching her scenes 

Dang i want the background sound when he goes that deep bruh

How could he say he loves mastani as much as Kashi....   And he thought he is consoling her by saying this Without realising that he is giving his wife&#39;s place to other woman.Worst part is that stil his sentence was false coz he was spending more time with mastani (as per this conversation)

Man it&#39;s my 20th time watching this masterpiece scence bruh it&#39;s too good

Just hope Priyanka doesnt waste her talent in Hollywood.

Mohabbat ko khud ki akhon ke samne kisi or ka hote hue dekhna khanjar se bhi jada cubhta hai 

My favorite dialogue

Seriously that&#39;s scene so so emotionally and Priyanka Chopra acting fire

“Paraye logonse kya shikayath karna, ghaw tho apno ke zyada chubthe hai “, this is epic dialogue.

OK I feel sorry for karsi

Ghav to apnon k zyaada chupte hain

Thanks to SLB portraying pain of Kashi Bai

&quot;Saaj Aur Shringar Se Toh Lagte Hi Hain&quot;  Everyone Felt This Line .

Love is so weird, everybody praises the love Radha Krishna had, but they both had to bear the pain of separation from each other. Then mata rukmini got married to the love of her life, we think story is complete. But people still remember Radhakrishna as the epitome of love.Very beautiful but tangled isn&#39;t it

When Ranveer Said ,&quot; Jo Bhi Saza Daina Chaho , Hamai Manzoor Hai&quot;Literally Priyanka Chose &quot;SaZa&quot; For Herself When She Said ,&quot;Aaj K Baad Aap iss Kamrai mai Kbi Nhii Aayaigai&quot;

This one scene is enough to say what Kashibai was going through.......

Bajirao never loved kashi,he didn&#39;t even respect her.

Such a flawless actress she is

Priyanka nailed kasibai character

Literary fabulous acting did by her

I can&#39;t see the love of bajirao and mastani but only the sadness of kashi can be seen

Bajirav ko jab kashi priy thi to mastani  se kaise pyar ho gya . anyways movie is amazing and my favrt kashi bai

Priyanka 

When Priyanka said paraye log se kya shikayat krni ghav to apne dete hain I think everyone felt that..

No other actress in the last 10 years has given such a solid and impactful performance. She should have got a national award.

Isa  muje  katai  manjur nahi...  aisan  hai  kya  muj  pe  ?

I feel so bad for Kashi 

&quot;Uski aur humari thulna to ho hi nahi sakti&quot;Hehehe...Sarcasm 100% 

Priyanka&#39;s acting was far more better than deepika.....for somehow deepika does not know hindi properly..hers acting was not that impactful..and was never impactful in any movie..

Best scene of this movie coz this part challenges the concept of this movie.... Movie is based on Bajirao and mastani love story but Kashi proves that this is not it️ love you Priyanka

Ya kahani mastani ki nhi kashi ki hai

Priyanka acting is very nice

This is not a cut copy paste scene, it is a movie of 3.5 mins ️

[Bajirao enters Kashibai&#39;s chamber and walks in on her extinguishing the earthen oil-lamps using a pipe]Bajirao: What a surprise, people light lamps on the festival day, you are extinguishing them!Kashibai [keeping the pipe aside]: You didn&#39;t inform me of your arrival...Bajirao: What is there to inform? I&#39;m still the Peshwa!Kashibai: No, I meant, you hadn&#39;t visited in so long... People who get lost anywhere in the world might be found someday... But those who get lost in their own homes&#39; courtyards? It&#39;s hard for them to be found.Bajirao: Anyway. I&#39;m leaving for a battle. Will you not perform aarti for my good luck, being the eldest daughter-in-law of the house?Kashibai: It appears that I&#39;m the eldest daughter-in-law only as far as my dress and jewelry are concerned. Yesudasi! Get the aarti plates! [To Bajirao]: Come and sit here.Bajirao: I&#39;ve made you alone, Kashi, haven&#39;t I?Kashibai: Not at all! I&#39;m busy the whole day managing the affairs of this palace and in the evenings I attend religious discourses with Raghoba [their son]. Yesterday the saint was narrating a very interesting anecdote. I&#39;ll narrate that to you; come and sit here![Bajirao sits next to her]Kashibai: So the saint was narrating how there was a conversation between Krishna and Rukmini. Rukmini said to Krishna: &quot;Even I have loved you. And yet sometimes I wish instead of your wife, I were your lover&quot;Bajirao: Why?Kashibai: Krishna said the same thing: &quot;Why?&quot; Rukmini said, &quot;Because no matter how deep the love between a husband and a wife is, people always remember the lover. Radhe Krishna! Radhe Krishna! Radhe Krishna!&quot;Bajirao [realising that this is indirectly referring to him]: Kashi, you are as dear to me as Mastani...Kashibai: Krishna said the same thing...Bajirao: I never compared you two.Kashibai: There can be no comparison between us; I never shared those sensual moments with you that she did.Bajirao: It&#39;s understandable if you have any grievance against me and Mastani.Kashibai [referring to Mastani]: What grudges do I hold against a stranger? [referring to Bajirao] The wounds inflicted by one&#39;s loved ones hurt more. My only regret is, had you asked my life from me, I&#39;d have happily given it to you; but you have snatched my pride from me! [Gets up and continues extinguishing the lamps.]Bajirao: If I have hurt you in anyway, I will happily accept any punishment you give me.Kashibai: Punishment? No. Today I will give you happiness.Bajirao: What do you mean?Kashibai: From today onwards, I do not want you to enter my chamber again. [Thus implying that her relationship to Bajirao is a burden on him and that he will be happy to be rid of her]Bajirao: Do you know what you are doing?Kashibai: From the day I married into this household, I had sworn an oath to always uphold your happiness. I am honouring that oath. [Resumes extinguishing the lamps but is unable to blow them out because of her sobs of grief.]Bajirao: [Takes the pipe from Kashibai and extinguishes the remaining lamps one by one and hands the pipe back to her]: Here! [Walks out of the chamber.]

Movie should be named kashibhai

the polite way to break up

Sar kat dena chahiye tha is bajirao ka. Selfish selfish total selfish…

Best scene of this film.....the pain of a women  can see in kashi&#39;s eyes

Well said! Pati-patni ka rishta chaahe jitnaa Bhi gehra log toh priyasi ko hi yaad rakhte hai!

India best actor present time ranveer singh I like it acting

Wow Priyanka mam ultimate acting... Watched this scene 100 times just for priyanka.. N ranveer also super acting

Priyaaaankaaaa acts outstanding.....

Could someone please translate this scene? 

Ye scenr to aise hua h jaise us time sati or polygamy band ho gya tha. Lol

I don’t think she punished him by sending him away. She said” apki khushi ki kasam khai hai’ in other words saying ur happiness is with Mastabi stay there don’t come here to feel sorry for me

I didn&#39;t find mastani as a main character but the main character is kashibai ,her sacrifices her pain ️

Priyanka expressions️

I wonder that bajirao would have done other great works but they decided to make a movie on a love story 

We are not crazy about love story of Bajirao but we are crazy about The history of great warrior BajiraoHe was not like devadas But He was great Deshdas..

If I was bajirao i will never fall for another womanIf I was mastani i will never fall for a married manIf I was Kashi i would have slapped mastani &amp; bajirao so Hard

My throat has become heavy after watching this scene.

Her accent is so pretty️

The pain in her eyes, With such powerful execution of dialogues gave me real goosebumps...  Yarr!!!

Priyanka is just awesome in this role. Fantastic acting

Chaar chawanni ghodhe pe.. ba*<b>**o mere la**</b> pe

Priyanka completely stole the whole attention 

मुझे आभीमान हे हमारे पेशवा बाजिराव पर ब्राम्हण को शास्त्र का भी ग्यान होता हे और शस्त्र का भि जय शिवराय जय भीम जय बाजीराव 

Amazing pictures

Same here

It&#39;s favourite my angel princess  so I like so much this dialogue 

Priyanka&#39;s acting was commendable in this film

Kitna dukh hota hain ak arot ko job unka pati kisi tisre ko le aye ... job do logo ke bhijh koi tisra aa jata hain to ye sirf wahi jan sakti hain ki kitna dard hota hain apne pati ko kisi ko sop dena ...

Bhut rona ata h iss seen m bevafai sabse bda zehar

when kaashi said, &quot; ap humse humari zindegi mang le te hum apko khushi khushi de dete!  lekin apne toh humse humara guroor hi chhin liya.... &quot; 

Priyanka  acting  is  really  awesome  here

खरच छान माहिती

Can anyone tell me the meaning of gururr

Pata nhi ye husband wife k pyar ko q nhi smjte h

Priyanka in Bajirao and Madhuri in Devdas !!!nothing can beat them

I&#39;ve tears in my eyes while watching the iconic scene. Genuinely kashibai is a brave lady who tolerate her companion till the end of her life. Kashibai deserves all the love and respect than mastani. And PC. OMG what an actress she is! I mean she justified the character and present it very uniquely. Love you PC. God bless you.

Kashibai&#39;s acting  outshadowed the  purpose of  the movie  &quot;Bajirao mastani&quot;

It fuckkking hurts!

When this movie came out i was least interested then last year i saw this scene on Instagram reels and this scene made me watch movie . Priyanka Chopra jonas never disappoints .

Tumne to hamse hamara jurun chin liya is best line

Best dialogue in the world best acting

मुझे गुस्सा आता है पेशवा पर ये सीन जब जब देखता हूँ 

Ab ye yaha se nikal ke mastani ke pass jayega tilak karane rone dhone ke natak iske yahi tak hote hai

Duniya mein aise kayi log hote hain jinka dukh chehre pe nahi sirf aankho mein hota hai ........ 

️

Priyanka u are just osumno words

You just cannot beat her talent and skills...look at the way she performed... she made kashibai&#39;s character immortal....we know what are we missing.. please come back... @priyankachopra

When this film was first launched in the theaters I was a little kid and went to watch it with my parents, at that time I was in support of bajirao and mastani but when I watched the movie again as a teen I understood what Kashi bai was going through and really hated both bajirao and mastani for ruining her life..Mastani was really like a pick me girl and bajirao was in the wrong too because if y&#39;all didn&#39;t know there&#39;s actually a rule to take the permission of the first wife before marrying another woman and bringing the second wife in the house

Stunning out performance both , hats off dialogue delivery

hats... off to the level of acting by Priyanka 

Now that guroor is heavy.....

Priyanka has ruined both deepika and ranveer by her acting skill she just amazing

The disappointment and broken she was when she said &#39;krishna ne bhi yehi kaha ta&#39;

Baat Dil ka hai

Priyanka overshadowed deepika due to her acting skills .deepika was expression less in whole movie

This movie was an ode to Kashi and Priyanka, though she’s not in the title of the movie ️

This is an example that small role if great actor can put more impact on film than main actors whole acting in the movie.. Priyanka mam is 

What a talented actress️

Kisi ki duniya ko viran bna kr ,piyar kiya to kya to kiya

<a href="">1:07</a> That look. The man of her dreams. Relishing his very presence. PC nailed the role.

&quot;Groor &quot; just speechless

Padmavati was also 2nd wife but no one mentions it because of the same religion. I bet no one even knows the name of 1st wife of Maharaja Ratan Singh of Chittorgarh.Double standards?

Aik comment sachchi mohabbat ke naamJai shri radhe krishna 

Priyanka&#39;s dialogue are of another level

Kashi Bai ️  Priyanka Chopra takes all the spotlight in the movie for her incredible performance &amp; portrayal of the character. Deepika was nowhere even close. So many years into the film industry still her dialogue delivery seems so unconvincing and artificial.

very hurt touching

Bhansali wanted to show , the love story of Bajirao and Mastani,but kashibai steal the show , she was extraordinarily fabulous

Priyanka ne kya acting ki hai 

Priyanka is the best 

This scene really touched my heart ️️️

Wow 

<a href="">2:11</a> just superb

I should have loved the Bajirao and Mastani.. Since they were main.. But instead I started hating them coz what they have done for kashi

The fact that the movie was named Bajirao Mastani proved Kashi right.

This dailoug really really fantastic bcz thr is a fact

What a poweefull scene - Hats of to priyanka and great director Sanjay Lila bhansali saahab 

I can totally relate with Kashibai.When you love someone unconditionally with devotion,and then getting betrayeduff.Zinda laash ho jata h insan.And this can happen to men too.

<a href="">2:02</a> uski aur humari tulna to ho hi nhi skti... Heart Touching Line 

From quora: Well.  if Bajirao Peshwa was in right state of mind he would have loved his spiritual wife more than the fiery and exquisite Mastani who was a bud ready to blossom.  Lust and temptation are the worst enemies of wise men.  The mighty Peshwa did not need any external enemy to destroy himself.  he created his own doom by paving a way to his obsession and lust. Imagine this situation.  you bringing an incredibly beautiful dancer at home to satisfy your lust.  What is your mother going to say?Congratulations! You have done a great job ???I do not know why people are making Radhabai villain as depicted in the movie.  Friends and family are the ones who will offer you advise and counselling.  Don&#39;t we turn to our family for support when there is nothing else.  So also.  NanaSahib who hardly commanded any authority like Peshwa is made a villain in the movie.  His upbringing would not allow to act as shown in the movie.  A house arrest on request from Radhabai and ChimajiAppa is totally different to putting in chains. Also it wasn’t shown in the movie.  why this drastic step had to be taken.  Post Mastani.  Peshwas’s focus in battles dwindled.  his association with liquor and wine grew.  His open flirtations with Mastani made his mother and brother sick.  they were really concerned.  How would his tarred image improve and reputation be saved? By the way.  he had already cut ties with his legit family when he moved in Mastani Mahal where his family could not contact him for more than 1 and half years.  Only Chimaji Appa could consult him .  that too on official matters.  Did anyone give a thought to the pain and suffering caused to his wife Kashibai who was separated from him for such a long time? Also all sons in Peshwa family.  legitimate or illegitimate; lived in harmony and fought battles together. Radhabai like any mother had only tried to restrain him which did not have any effect on powerful Peshwa because he was the ‘Undefeated General’ now and why should he listen to any Gyan (knowledge) that was given by his younger brother Chimaji Appa and his mother. It is very difficult to come out of craving as it has a deep chasm with temptations all over.  Wise men do it right when they cut it off in the beginning.  because when you dive into the deep valley of cravings.  there is no way out.  You get overpowered and recurring bathing into such thoughts for days help keep them multiplying.  You cannot reason people whose minds are clouded and infatuated.  Obsessed people certainly need outside help because they cannot cut it out themselves.  Sometimes it lasts for hours.  weeks.  years and even life time.  It certainly will grow if you give fuel.  how will the flame get extinguished.  if you are adding fuel to fire everyday in every thought and action?Is Peshwa being a role model for his sons? They following his footsteps are going to do the same.  Having mistresses and causing pain to their lawful wedded wives.  Bajirao Peshwa’s father had a mistress too.  and the Peshwa men of future generations lasting almost 100 years were the same.  It seems odd and ironic that Peshwa wives were the exemplary examples of chastity and loyalty.  Not one swayed outside the institution of marriage. This situation definitely will cause pain to modern day women.  But 17th and 18th century women were exemplary examples of forgiving and endurance.  Many of them would compromise with the circumstances and continue living with it.  still loving their husbands as divorce was not an option available at that time for either of the spouses. Powerful men were at advantage and could do anything they pleased albeit they had resources. Brahmins those days practiced monogamy.  unlike Maratha Kings they could take only a single wife.  They could remarry provided their wife could not bear them a heir or died.  The orthodox Brahmins made it compulsory for a man to have a woman as wife who had the right credentials.  This was supposed to protect their heritage and legacy.  Brahmins could marry only Brahmins. We see that the half Muslim Mastani could not match Kashibai&#39;s rich Chitpavan Brahmin heritage.  No matter how beautiful and desirable she was.  she had a dubious origin.  father not known.  given birth by a courtesan.  Regardless of the information floating in the internet and the movie.  Chhatrasal was not her father and she did not bring a dowry.  All that lucre went to Chhatrapati Shahu.  it was not Peshwa&#39;s to claim.  Compared to this.  Kashibai&#39;s parents being the rich money lenders brought a handsome dowry and honour for Peshwas.  Bajirao Peshwa possibly paid and bought Mastani from her owners/guardians. There is an incidence when Mastani escapes from the home custody to meet Peshwa in spite of the family ban.  One of Peshwa&#39;s senior official had to convince Mastani and Peshwa to sent Mastani back to Pune. This is such an exhibition of immature behaviours from Peshwa and his mistress that I am totally at loss of words.  Very childish indeed.  they had lived together for almost 10 years by then.  There were longer separation periods for Kashibai but did she exhibit any such rash behaviour like this? Anything that displayed her pangs of separation and loneliness?Last 10 years of his life.  he continued to ignore his lawfully wedded wife and the kids but strived to elate the status of his mistress.  While he loiters his last 10 years with the voluptuous Mastani; Kashibai.  Chimaji Appa and Radhabai take care of Kashibai&#39;s sons and daily affairs.  It was Chimaji Appa.  Radhabai.  senior officials.  friends and Nanaji squad that supported him in the court and his battles. His mother Radhabai should be duly credited in transforming his career as the undefeated General.  His brother a staunch warrior.  offered all the help and strategy for his battles.  He remained filial and devoted to his elder brother all his life.  Chimaji Appa in fact was an equally capable brilliant military strategist.  He simply got overshadowed.  he built his life shaping his older brother’s success and glory.  Kashibai remained loyal and loved her husband in spite of the fact that he totally neglected her post Mastani affair.  For her.  love meant sacrifice and although I cannot imagine how a wife would endure this; many women in 17th.  18th century underwent similar fate when their husbands chose sensuous women instead of their devoted wives. Regardless of his affair and his fame.  I am not able to see any depth and responsibility in the life of Bajirao Peshwa.  his family was in huge debt when he diedDeeply agreeeee

Par aapne to humsay humara gurur he cheen liya 

Aap humse hamari jidegi maang lete hum aapko khushi khushi deh dete,par to humse hamara gurur chin liya-only few people can understand these lines

<a href="">1:05</a> that stare of longing tho ️ Remind me of the bench scene in &quot;500 days of summer&quot; Tom looking at Summer the same way

Best dialogue ... priyanka done nice job

Thats why she is my favourate.

Heart touching dialog

Superb

Priyanka better than dipika

She told right how Rukmini cry inside to see Radha Krishna

<a href="">1:42</a> काय राधा कृष्णा नी काय विट्ठल रूकुमाई । दोन्ही एकच की। 

Priyanka acting is just god level

priyanka tho

Mastani was such a chipku ️

Same thing related to my life also whtt l do,

When side character has more character than the mains!

Deepika is my favourite but damn Priyanka

Film ka name to kashibai hona tha

Too bad you guys doesnt not provide english cc, you guys have a potential to grab many more viewers oversea..

PC nailed this scene but i did like it how they portrayed mastaani as radha. radha was krishnaa’s childhood love he could never have in his life and mastaani came into bajirao’s life later as sauten how is it similar??? i feel so sad for kashi

All characters r superb.

mastani jaise kai mil jayenge. unpar dhyan nhi dena chahiye..warna jo pehle se family hai wo bhi barbad ho jati hai..

Am I the only one who is finding the acting of Ranveer way too cringy!! I mean people literally applauded him for his acting in this movie, but he is totally overacting with unnecessary head shakes and unreal voice tones. Thanks to Priyanka for covering up for him by her remarkable acting. I really liked him in Band Baaja Baaraat but here... sorry Ranveer

KASHI PRIYANKA

Real bollywood I am proud to bollywood this type of movie not imran haashmi Abhishek

So no ones gonna talk abt ranveer singh

<a href="">1:38</a> who told you that people don&#39;t know about Rakhumai Rukmini vitthal Rukmini Krishna Rukmini madhav Rukmini shyam Rukmini panduranga Vithoba RakhumaiRukmini DwarkadhishDwarkeshwary DwarkadhishVitthal VitthaiTrilok sundari Bhuvan sundar Now tell that people don&#39;t know who is rakhumai Rakhumai Rakhumai 

Ye scene dekh kar ankho se ansoo aa jate hai.... Kashibai k liye bohot bura lagta hai

Mastani broke a marriage and spoilt life of another woman ..so much pain I feel for Kashi here. How could possibly she herself would have stayed happy ??I think Kashi loved bajirao more and also had a bigger heart then mastani by owning her when no body wanted her there

I felt bad for her in the entire film, hated mastani and bajirao for this..he was actually cheating on her ..two marriages is generally not allowed in today&#39;s world. It was painful to watch a woman like this.

She ruled it.. , So many emotions, love, anger, a little pride and pain, all in one scene. Only Priyanka can pull this off...

Priyanka matched SRK&#39;s acting skills in this scene.... literally just

गजब

issme bhi radhe krishna dal diya granth padh nahi or le liya galat way me le aaye bhagwan ko beech me thoda deep jana padhta hai granth ki baato ko samjhne me

Priyanka 

After watching movie Bajirao - Mastani, people even if Peshwa Bajirao&#39;s deedsBe a follower but it is an unbreakable truth that the rule of Peshwao was the most painful and humiliating period for the untouchables. Brahminism was so extreme in the rule of Peshwao that untouchables were not allowed to walk on the road. If someone walked on untouchable road, he would have to hang a clay pot around his neck. Untouchables were not allowed to spit on the ground, by doing so the ground became unholy. He could not spit on the ground, so he had to walk with a pot hanging around his neck. He had to walk with a broom behind him so that no Brahmin would fall on his footsteps and he would not be unholy. They had to walk with a bell in their hand or something making noise so that the Brahmins could hear the information of walking in their path and Brahmins would move out of their way.Fed up with this inhuman atrocities of Peshwa, Maharashtra&#39;s Maharo joined the English army and defeated the army of Peshwa Bajirao badly. Only 500 Maharas dusted 25000 soldiers of Peshwa Bajirao II in the battle fought in Koregaon on 1 January 1818. In this war, the Mahar Regiment of the British East India Company destroyed the army of Peshwa Bajirao. Koregaon&#39;s War Memorial is a sign of the amazing strength of the Mahar race. The atrocities that Peshwa did on untouchables during his regime, there was a t

Direction of movie is good , cast is perfect , graphics are also super.Acting level is very high....But the most worst thing is that Peshava Bajirav has became a majnu in this movie. But in reality he fought 42+ war and he did never lose any war...His administration power was unbelievable. But in movie it feels that his life is just focused on mastani but in reality mastani was just a little part of his life. His life is more than it. He expended Maratha empire....!

<a href="">2:27</a> priyanka acting skills 

when your dad say beta bsc. kar le over take a drop and crack neet!!

Heart touching dialogue

Mujhe itna saccha acting aj tak kisi bhi actress main nehi dekha kya se karliya innohne yeh acting

Priyanka ️

অসাধারণ!

&quot;Parai logo se kya shikayat Krna ghao to apno k chubhte h&quot; what a line....can feel the pain through Priyanka&#39;s acting.️

This incident happened when i was 27 and a very very 31 year old friend, came to live with me on my invitation. Her husband used to physically and mentally torture her so she came back to her own home. He parents said that she needs to compromise, me being a friend told her no way..you live with us till you can be on your feet. She cried on my shoulders and i consoled her with what ever methods i could. Spoke to her parents, nothing worked, she was at my place for nearly 8 months., there was something that I had to tell my husband (good news)... So I stayed up late., I heard the car and the gate but didn&#39;t hear him come to the room, unable to control my excitement, went down running.. I saw my husband and my best friend in a compromising position.... That day has been nearly 7 years... It feels like yesterday. Like in this scene I blame my husband more than the friend... But it was the ultimate betrayal and I was in a hospital for 3 months... When I saw this scene..... I realized all this is happening all around us... And swear to God and the baby I lost he actually took my dignity away. I have lost trust in humankind. I am great at work and have vowed to never marry again... Sorry I just wrote too much today... And u know what priyanka has outshone Priyanka in the movie...

There should be English translation

In childhood for me dipika and priyanka is same 

Priyanka ki acting

Why didn&#39;t yashudasi bring the aarti ke thaal?

Acting on another level

Rukmanri laxmi maa ka hi roop thi

I feel bad for kashibai very bad

My all time favourite and best scene....I feel all the dialogue of Priyanka

This is one my favourite scene. ️... She is the real actress with genuine acting.... The pain and feeling in her every dialogue reaches to my heart.... Best performance of PC ever.....  I watch this scene twice a day

Priyanka should be in A new movie I mean her act is just wow

Kahani तो bajirao mastani ki thi फिर kyu maina Sirf kashi ka dukh देखा

Priyanka is a versatile actress.

Priyanka mam salute for your action 

the way priyanka chopra has performed in this scene - 

I feel the pain or kasibai or khaskr ras bali bat ufffff kya bole dil chahta hai ki use har khushi dekr kahi gum ho jau....darddddd...

True love happens only once and with only one person. You can&#39;t love truly at same time with two different persons. I can&#39;t understand what the maker actually wanna show about Bajirao. It&#39;s good he loves mastani but wishing kasi bai also stay with him like before is completely funny thing. A man loves two wemen it&#39;s great And deserve a movie to be made according to makers But what a woman do same. Even in this modern era if a woman loves two, people will never appreciate and call her double character

Bohot natural acting ki he really liked

Puri movie ek taraf aur yeh scene ek taraf ... Priyanka Chopra is today&#39;s leading lady ... Hats off 

Priyanka&#39;s acting better than deepika

Priyanka nailed this scene

If anyone sees the first of the movie, they will notice how everyone told Kashi that now that her husband is peshwa he will soon bring another wife. And Kashi was so confident in her love that she said even if a woman gives him gold equivalent to his weight he won&#39;t sway towards another woman. She used to be proud of their monogamous relationship in a world where it was common for men to have several wives. That&#39;s why she said he took away her pride, her trust....

This line :ap hamse hamari Zindagi mang lete ham khushi khushi dete par ap ne tu hamse hamara ghroor cheen Lia

SLB knows how to bring life in a movie especially focusing on our heritage, rich culture and unsung heroins. I dunno why mahesh bhatt in his koffee with karan interview would say that SLB is an overrated director!!!!

Goosebumps... The movie is about Bajirao(Ranveer Singh) and Mastani(Deepika Padukone). But my most favourite character is KashiBai(Priyanka Chopra). She proves time and again what a talented actress she is I love you PC ️

This movie just like my life 

Agar kashibai ne yahi kiya hota toh kya bajirao use maaf karta...? But still kashi bai maintained her self esteem and accepted the truth like a warrior... But the pain she was going through can&#39;t be imagine... Whatever may be the reason but both bajirao n mastani did injustice with kashibai... She is a real queen 

She also said correct about lord krishn and rukmini

this scene made me cry 

Sahi me uski aur tumhari tulna hi nhi hai! Priyanka&#39;s acting skills are wayyy better than Deepika&#39;s straight face acting

Kaysa dil konsa dil jo ajj iss par aa gaya kal uss par...

Srimant is so mean i cant watch the last part feeling ghanta for deepika kaashi ne to dil jitliya

Can&#39;t believe that she was the same actress in Quantico and here that too with Marathi accent 

She really deserves more

My father married another woman, and this one scene suffices everything that happened to my mother&#39;s life. I connect to it on another level.

Priyanka

Bhansali bahut hi girate hai

Kuch bhi bana do isko lagega to jocker jaisa hi

This was not just about kashibai. At that period, polygamy was socially acceptable and really common. Back then, every wife had to see her husband dividing among numerous other women, and she could not even raise a single voice. She had to see another woman bearing her husband&#39;s child and had no say in it. And I doubt bajirao and mastani&#39;s relationship would have been judged if she belonged to the same cast as bajirao. The system was so ridiculous. Thinking this, I feel so glad that so many social reforms took place that contributed in  social justice.

Her teary eyes and the word &quot;Guroor&quot; just speechless..

Sad line but it is true lines 

Haven&#39;t seen this complete movie except this scene

Paray logo se kya shikayat karna ghav to apno k zyada chubte he....

The difference between radha cannot be compared to mastani amd bajirao infact kasi bai was bajiroa childhood friend like radha Krishna mastani came last in

Fb jaisa ismein bhi like ke jagah emotion dalte ana chahiye tha...mein toh dalata tha

She is soo good

This scene is the highlight of the whole movie for me..

पराए लोगो से क्या शिकायत घाव तो apno के jada चुभते

deepika&#39;s acting in whole movie equals priyanka&#39;s just guroor pronunciation !

Priyanka is far better Actress

I am fan of only two ladies in Bollywood-Kangana and PC

Best scene ever ️

Speechless...most bful acting ever !!

Can&#39;t believe this video has more views than the movie trailer. Literally Priyanka nailed it!

One of the best scene of indian cinema 

️

Rass lila ko glat treeka sa bol reha ho or apni tulna bhagvan sa kr rahe ho sharm nhi aati or radha or rukmani shri lakshami devi ka he roop hain vo dono aalg nhi hain

Kashibai was elegance and class personified. ️

Priyanka Chopra best dialogue ghav to apanonke ke jyada chubhate hai

He took away the light from her life just as easily as he blew out the lamps...

I couldn&#39;t imagine any other actresses other than priyanka in the role of kasibai...she really deserves more than what she have now...luv u PC.. ️

If sharukh is with priyanka then both will kill this scene

Paraye logonse ky shikayate ghav tho apnnoke kubte hai I felt it 

Paraye logon se ky rishta ghav tho apne logon ke kubte hai this line is very true

Padmavat film bhi aayi thi tab sab ne padmavati ko suport kiya tab jab ki usne bhi dusri shadi ki thi or bass mastani momedian h yo inko aag lag rhi h wa 

A strong woman playing another strong woman&#39;s character 

Super keep it up



Here in 2021. ️



Kuya. Aasi.

Had to come here and  wash my eyes with some good performance after seeing panipat&#39;s main lead. What a wasted opportunity! 

I don&#39;t get why people in comment section calling Priyanka Chopra supporting actress ‍️ , movie was not just on Bajirao and Mastani rather it was on Bajirao&#39;s  love life which includes Kashi bai and Mastani both . And yes , why People in comment section are fighting how Priyanka stole show and how Deepika can&#39;t act like Priyanka . Is the comparison that vital ?? Both actress had done a great job in this movie . Seriously Guys ! why u all are so bias Priyanka&#39;s character was emotional and soft while Deepika&#39;s character can&#39;t be emotional . Kashi bai was written better than Mastani and Bajirao . In spite of it each and every cast was amazing so why to just appreciate one . Priyanka, Deepika , Ranveer , and all other supporting actors worked extremely awesome . And those people who are stating Priyanka can play Mastani but Deepika can&#39;t act as kashi I recommend u to watch Cocktail where Deepika had kind off same story in modern way . The reason we couldn&#39;t imagine Deepika as kashi is her facing as she don&#39;t look Maharashtrian on other side Priyanka looked Maharashtrian so instead of comparing appreciate all cast including Tanvi Azmi , Milind Soman , Mahesh Manjrekar , Vaibhav Tatwawadi , Etc .

Bajirao and mastani irritated me considerably. They even don&#39;t care about the kid. Yuck! Nothing to be proud of! Kashibai for the win!

On point performance and accent by Priyanka Chopra! Atishay Sundar

आप हमसे हमारी जिंदगी मांग लेते हम खुसी खुसी दे देते पर अपने तो हमसे हमारा गुरुर है छीन लिया

Ananya Pandey whole Carrier = Priyanka Chopra&#39;s  this scene

Love this dialogue. She acted brilliantly.

Feel the pain  of Kashi &amp; love for Rao....

<a href="">1:34</a>  this is what the flim did

Priyanka deepika ranjeet singh gajab acting dil jeet liya

Faltu dikhti hai priyank a.. She is manly and looks like eunuch...

Agree, he told kashibai that he love her and Mastani at the same time like how can you love two womens at the same time, if he had ever loved kashibai he wouldn&#39;t have married Mastani in the first place, I think he loves Mastani but married kashibai just for formalities, and whoever who is supporting Deepveer in this movie how would you feel if your husband/wife had bring their girlfriend/boyfriend at the home and told that they had married them and you have to live with them for the rest of your life ??

Best scene in movie

Padmavati me aditi rao dipika se zyada beautiful lagi aur bajirao me priyanka dipika se zyada beautiful lagi

True wife&#39;s won&#39;t get love nd respect

I can&#39;t believe that these were siblings in Dil dhadakne do!!!

What language is it? Hindu?

Every topper after being asked for notes: Aap humse hamari zindagi maang lete...hum khushi khushi de detePar aapne tog humse hamara guroor chhin liya

What a scene written.wah!

Awesome acting Outstanding

Wow Priyanka..I js can&#39;t tk my eyes off her chinchpeti..

Being cheated on is the worst thing . I hated this movie coz it justified Bajirao’s post marital affair . It took me 8 years to built the courage to date after my boyfriend cheated on me . I really feel these line , they are written so beautiful and portrayed so bitterly that it comes alive . Hats off priyanka !

<a href="">2:29</a> heart touching scene

This is my fav scene

Brilliant acting by Priyanka Chopra....the way she showered love on bajirao and the Brilliant way she sacrificed her love so that her husband can be happy with the other lady he loved....is really amazing..the pain of that sacrifice was beautifully portrayed by Priyanka&#39;s acting..honestly after this last conversation of Priyanka and Ranbir...I feel peshwa must have died out of guilt...not the heat...the pain of the lines like &quot; kun nahi sajo shringar se to lagte hi he&quot;...&quot; apne to humse humara gurror hi chin liya&quot; and last scene where she couldn&#39;t blow of the candles  and tears filled her eyes shows that she wasn&#39;t punishing her husband..but herself much more than him for his happiness...incredible acting by Priyanka Chopra

If this conversation happened in real and Bajirao&#39;s heart still didn&#39;t melt, what was he?

Mastani was supposed to be the heroine of the film but ended up the villain for the people.

Kashi is Savage AF,️

I don&#39;t really like priyanka but her acting is so on point especially in this movie. Loved the dialogues and expressions

Both are brilliant

<a href="">2:23</a>

After watching this Priyanka deserves Hollywood name and fame

Whole movie one side this scene another side great  job

Priyanka awesome 

Bhaut khoob .....

Ranveer shing over acting ki dukan..

PC 

Ooh.. so rude Bajirao...

aaj ke baad aap iss kamre me kabhi nahi aayenge Rao. Bajirao goes to a battle and then dies there.This scene prompted me to rewatch the movie again. Awesome movie

Kashibai&#39;s character has a separate fanbase!

She has Self Respect does not want to secondary...She Says Will not u come to my Room ,respecting his Royalty....

priyanka looks better in traditional wear

Kashi bai is such an alite character that bhaji rao mastani sounds sooo cheap and ugly. Throughout the movie not even once I could feel sad for mastani. She was like a bitch spoiling someone&#39;s family.

Priyanka done the role well. I cried a lot seeing this scene. She is talented   actress. God blessed her.

this particular scene is soooo heartbreaking

Kashibai is an example of versatility and confidence

Amazing dialogues.....and awesome acting by priyanka.....it looks so realHamare sath to real m bhi ye situation ho to explain ni kr skte ....

That story of Krishna and Rukmini true?

I can literally feel her pain

Krishna ne bhi yahi kaha tha...

Priyanka&#39;s voice  chills

অধিকার না থাকা সত্ত্বেও অধিকার রাখতে চাওয়া বোকামি। তাই ছেড়ে দেওয়াই বুদ্ধিমানের কাজ।

I feel like crying everytime I watch it. It is heart-wrenching 

Humne tumhe akela kar diya naa kashi, realization of the wrongdoing by Bajirao but too late to go back and fix it.

<a href="">2:32</a> that look on Ranveer&#39;s face and that slight eye-roll, so much pain in that sudden expression. Kashibai is expressing her pain and heartache through words, but Bajirao is expressing through his facial expressions...

The music towards the end is so soothing

Priyanka is awesome 

The thing I love about this movie is that it gave equal importance to kashibai. Her pain, her perspective were beautifully shown.

Priyanka acting is

&quot;Aapne toh humse hamara guroor cheen liya&quot; this dialogue,her eyes while saying it and this whole scene alone proves what an amazing actress Priyanka is!

Beautiful scene 

the emotional impact this scene had on 12 year old me ..... unparalleled

priyanka &#39;s acting just  wowwww

&quot;Praye logo se kya shikayten krni Gaw to apno k jyada chubhte h &quot;

True love of Kashi every single moment do effort for Bajirao but he is distract didn&#39;t value of her



I cannot fathom the pain one goes through of betrayal n still stays cause of samaj

This scene still gives me goosebumps....

 जय हनुमान जी जय हनुमान जी राधे कृष्णा राधे कृष्णा

 जय हनुमान जी जय हनुमान जी राधे कृष्णा राधे कृष्णा

Bhot bura kia bajirao ne kashi k sath

For me priyanka clearly overshadowed everyone ️

Dard hai jo har koi nhi samj pata

I Love Priyanka 

जिसने पलके न झपकाई हो  करे

Everytime I watch this and ended up crying in the End. ️What a scene this is yaar!! ️Priyanka and Ranveer both absolutely nailed it. Most importantly credit also should given to dialogue writer.

Priyanka is just perfect for this scene....

When I watch Bajirao Mastani for the first time I only watched Bijirao&#39;s and Mastani&#39;s Love and their chemistry. But now I understand the Pain and Sacrifice of Kashibai. The way Priyanka portrayed the characters give life to the character. She is brilliant just outstanding.

How amazingly this one scene of PC has stolen the entire limelight from the other roles of the movie!

Wow प्रियंका in मराठी tone superb kya expression hai kashi bai such  a great

Best scene of the whole film.  Ranveer’s was mind blowing.  His expressions matched Prinyanka’s intensity in every shot.

Priyanka was one of the legend actress

Priyanka ek roal me he puri mastani ko kha gai

I just watched this film (what a f*cked up story, if you know what I mean) and this scene alone made me so emotional... I feel the pain of Kashi. Priyanka is so good

Saaz shringar se to lagte hhhhh.......................

Sanjay leela Bansali sir is wonderful director.... the pain how he shows on screen is amazing.... cried a lot....

This scene is just of 4 minutes.... but the pain in it.... my God Indian wives are amazing.... From Rukmini to Kashibai....

What a communication

Best acting by priyanka chopda... 

Best scene of the movie.. Respect for KASHI and Dialogue writer and Priyanka.. love you for this..

Damn it i hated baji rao and mastani acha hua mar gae  bechari kashi ben priyanka acted brilliantly in this scene!

Yes in there bijrao life the pain of kashi is.............very hard very hard

This scene never fails to moisten my eyes, no matter how many times I watch it.

Priyanka  heart  of this movie.  Priyanka  ka  best  performance  ever.

Priyanka  heart  of this movie.  Priyanka  ka  best  performance  ever.

Priyanka  heart  of this movie.  Priyanka  ka  best  performance  ever.

This scene should get more than 100MN view... I am very much disappointed by this... This masterpiece will be close to my heart forever

My favorite scene from the whole movie

,

OSWM  PRIYANKA...FULL MOVIE EK SIDE YE SCENE EK SIDE...

i lov p.c

The storyline was focussed on the hardships of bajirao and mastani but no matter how many times i watch this movie i cannot gather sympathy for bajirao or mastani. I just see the injustice to kashibai

That expression when she said &quot;ghao to apno k zyada chubhte h&quot; damn <a href="">2:12</a>

Fev line... Aap hamse hamari zindagi mang lete ham khushi khushi de dete... Lekin aap ne hamse hamara gurur chin liyathis line touch my 

Priyanka Chopra ma&#39;am acting was mind blowing ️️️️️️️

Ye jo sare scene  acche lgte the pta nhi tha hmari jindgi me bhi a jayenge 

What a acting skill of priyanka

I really wish that I could watch Priyanka Chopra as Draupadi , directed by Sanjay Leela bhansali.

Outstanding performance by Priyanka…When this movie came, I thought it would be great show of Ranvir-Deepika, and Priyanka would be in assisting role…But when I watched movie, I felt Ranveer Singh were Priyanka were amazing and Priyanka dominated Deepika !!

Deepika nailed it in role of Mastani but Priyanka lived the role of kashiNo could have done such a justice to role of Kashi other than Priyanka. The way she said, &#39;&#39; Aap hum se hamari zindagi maang lete, hum  aapko khushi khushi de deteLekin aapne toh ham se hamara guroor hi cheen liya &#39;&#39;.

An alternate casting for Bajirao Mastani if it was made in late 90s :-Bajirao :- Ajay DevganMastani :- Karishma KapoorKashi Bai :- Juhi ChawlaOhh I wish I could witness it !!!

When i say bye to hear don&#39;t go but he said bye 

My fevorat scine in that film

priyanka chopra ethana movie act pannalum entha movie mathiri varadu wife pain appadiye facela kattirupanga enaku deepika acting vida priyanka acting real nature wife character tamil dubbing priyanka dubb voice super iruku

after watching this I realized that in a love triangle the 3rd one who is left is the one whose pain is the most. Chandra Mukhi in Devdas, kashibai in bajirao mastani and rukmani in radha krishna

पराये लोगो से क्या शिकायतें करना , घाव तो अपने ज्यादा देते हैं । 

Dipika got 2 award for mastaniPriyanka got 3,she is outstanding actress yaar

Guroor meaning

Ohh ! Please don&#39;t cry Ranveer ! You betrayed her !

Nice

Right

kashi ne hmesa ke liye apne pass aane se mna kiya ur bajirao shan se chala gya pr kya usne bhi kashi ke jaisa hi sukho ka tyag kiya  usko to mastani thi hi veer wohi h jo kisi aurat ki aankh me aasu na de

Snajay Leela is what made everyone look good !

that&#39;s why she is Miss worldBeauty with brain

Priyanka is always better than deppeka 

Unpopular and Underrated opinion : The struggle of Kashi is real......

5 Saal ho gaye, Thali nhi aayi

at <a href="">1:41</a>, andddd movie&#39;s name is &quot;Bajirao mastani&quot;

पराये लोगो से क्या शिकायत  घाव तो अपनों के ज्यादा चुभते है।

&quot;Aap humse hamara guroor cheen liye&quot; her tears didn&#39;t stop while telling this ... True pain ... She was strong enough but ... While her husband married other woman it was her biggest defeat ️

Why is peshwa looking like an emotionless dumb fellow?Is it the character or poor acting? I wonder how Kashibai and Mastani could love Peshwa so much if he was like this in real life.

Priyanka Chopra&#39;s voice is too sexy ️

I think both actresses have done the work perfectly We cannot say like deepika has not worked for her character

This one scene made me to watch full movieI liked Kashi maa character more 

Priyaka -dalougas is very nice

<a href="">2:10</a>  true word 

This  scene ate the whole film!!! Priyanka&#39;s powerful performance, overpowered the story

No one can play role kashi except pryanka..

Priyanka is acting so well! But Ranveer is being too mechanical!

Ranveer singh.. looked hella convincing..one of the finest actors of bollywood.

Her Marathi accent is so good/authentic she is soo good.

Kashi meri fvrt cerecter hei bajirao mostani ka

This was just perfect. She enacted the feelings of thousands of people who have been in Kashi&#39;s place- so effortlessly. Her pain in this scene &amp; throughout the movie never fails to strike the right cords.

Priyanka is the greatest actor of her generation. She&#39;s way ahead of Deepika, Kareena &amp; everyone

Priyanka&#39;s acting is excellent. The pain she feels in this scene is so apparent and it is obvious her character is really hurting.



The moment when Bajirao took that stick from kaashi&#39;s hand and started to blow the diyas ...Kaashi hold her mangalsutra ...This tells that she still wanted him to be with her but she cannot do it bcz she realised that Bajirao is not her anymore 

I was probably 6th standard when first time i saw the film ..that time  kashi&#39;s pain her character  was like  invisible for me but now  am in 12th and i  can see  only kashi and her  eyes with so much pain  ️

 जय हनुमान जी जय हनुमान जी राधे कृष्णा राधे कृष्णा 

Hai Itna Toh. Hoga Parakh. Iske Saamne Ek Aur Tha. Aur ye 3 bhi.

Andar. Burae ke khilaaf. Yaha ghar banaye hue hai. Raho.

&quot;GHAO TOH APNON KE JYADA CHUBHTE HAIN &quot; This dialouge is equally appreciable as &quot;Ghuroor&quot; dialouge ...Oh god !! No body can meet Priyanka&#39;s expressions

Priyanka what an brilliant actress she is

️️

And that&#39;s what you get for being a faithful and loving wife like honestly why wasn&#39;t divorce a thing back then

Best sence in this movie

Kafi log Hindu mulslim ka farak biyaan krty hain or gusa krty hainPar ye koi nai manta k piaar tha un dono ko ek dusry sy to un ka piaar smjho Muslim hindu ki nafrat mt phelaao

Har ladki ko priyanka jaise honi chhaiye.....aise hi muh fer lena chahiye..

So sad to see the transition of a happy exuberant person to one who is so broken in the inside but has to pretend to be okay

&quot;Paraye logo se kya sikayat karna....ghav to apno ki jyada chubte hai &quot; 

Mughal queens watching their husbands with14+ wives and concubines:

Priyanka ji ki acting lajvab ek pal bhi nhi lga ki ye movie hai o dard o aakhe bilkul dil ko chu gyi

Aapne to hamse hamara goroor hi cheen liya

Priyanka is not supporting character she is lead character kashibai feeling sad for you

Love Hurts portrayed so well. SLB . Those Dialogues &amp; Priyanka Chopra, just brilliant  Probably one of the best scene of movie.

Uff PC what an acting. Her eyes, expressions. U left Ranveer behind a in this scene.  Really missing u so much

What a performance  .. both are best actors, would like to see more of them

cant find any indian americans hating on PC, thank god

Best scene of Bajirao Mastani

This Script and Priyanka&#39;s acting is high quality!! Talent 

<a href="">2:17</a> feel the pain

Priyanka क्या acting की यार

This scene resembles the pain of that person who loves someone but that person without caring about their feelings just wanna fulfill his desire with someone else. Very painful

I can never get tired from watching this scene again and again.

Fantastic acting by priyanka chopra. It really hurts when someone cheats you.

Goosebumps scene

Wonderful dialogs

Priyanka&#39;s eyes was so convincing and tears were so real️

The pain in her eyes... Tells everything even though the lead actors are ranveer and Deepika... Many people watch this movie for kashibai and Priyanka just nailed it... The movie name is bajirao mastani the lovers... Who sacrificed their lives for love, but! In my opinion kashibai sacrificed her love for him, in my opinion she is the lead and main characters in this movie..

this was the best scene hands down

I can feel the pain Kashi went through.. Priyanka chopra just nailed it with her expressive eyes. She is just amazing

Fluent marathi ....Priyanka

आप हमसे हमारी ज़िन्दगी मांग लेते ,हम खुशी खशी दे देते ,पर आपने तो हमसे हमारा गुरूर ही छीन लियाSupriya  Kamal

Kya jabardast scene hai

Oscar deserve

The pain and the emotions

I luv this scene bcoz of many reasons I relate with my life Luv u ganji 

I luv this scene bcoz of many reasons I relate with my life Luv u ganji 

What a best combination of marathi and hindi ... Deepness of the words in every dialogue .., heart touching expression of priyanka is just outstanding ...many many salute for unforgetable story .. 

️ ️️️️ 

PC &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; DP in this film

Kabhi kabhi Filmi dialogues...Apni hi life ki story lagne lagti h....

Ohhhh my god her acting and expressions will kill me someday

Priyanka- Wow  Deepu Mausi - 0 actressWaise to Priy says so many things - blah blah on even international issues- If Only One  Word could have spoken in Ssr- Disha  Case Indians here and Abroad would have been her massive strength as she is no Muft main Aayi NepoKid

A single dialogue says thousands of paining feelings......

The one time she doesn&#39;t do hes aarti he goes into deathbed. Suits him right i guess

Her eyes are speaking more than her words 

Goosebumps

Best scene of Bajirao mastani  priyanka marvelous acting. She actually lived the character 

Priyanka Chopra best actor

<a href="">2:26</a>

Exceptional

you know If I would have been at kashi&#39;s place I would have left the home and would never come back I swear

<a href="">2:20</a>    <a href="">1:12</a>

<a href="">1:54</a> Priyanka&#39;s eyes are so convincing, she&#39;s very talented.

Love Priyanka for this scene...

This scene made my favourite actress priyanka!!

raja maharaja 3 4 biwiya rakhte the ye pahle ka system tha

She deserve award for this performance

Wow... awesome acting by priyanka 

Such a talented lady priyanka is

Ranveer singh ki acting mujhe bilkul achhi nehi lagti..

Can&#39;t get enough of this scene .

<a href="">1:15</a> such

Priyanka voice and act is 

Best dialogue in bajirao mastani movie



Priyanka is the best actress 

Best movie ever 

Hii guys what is the meaning of shrimanth

Look at Priyankas eyes when she says guroor ️️️

This was the best scene in the whole film

Badi bahu ️

Priyanka good acting

Bajirao ne jo kashi ke sath kiya uska harjana nahi ho sakata

Acting is excellent.....like this things happen in real life...that pain shows in the eyes....so supper expretions ....





Priyanka really deserves national award for these scene

Priyanka is love

Got goosebumps in this amazing scene ️️

इस फिल्म मे बस एक यही सीन दिल को छू गया 

Really each n every words have  deep..... Meaning

Priyanka ️

️️️ so हॉट लेक्चर

Lovely acting ️

Jai Mahakali Ma



Ok people are comparing this scene directly to life right now saying stuff like oooo if my man cheated on me he&#39;d be on the door the next second. Understand that this was set much further back than how far back you could even count your ancestry. A lot of things were normalized then, polygamy is just one of them. Even things like inbreeding, slavery, looting was normalized and the rural areas would be barbaric but no one would do anything. How can you draw parallels from a movie set so far back in time to now? It makes no sense.

Really love this dialogue

Because of this scene, i rented this movie on YouTube and Priyanka &#39;s acting was phenomenal 

Super performance

Radhe Krishna, Bajirao Mastani Indeed everyone remembers the preyashi.

Afsos to is baat ka he shrimant ... wooowww no words . Words direct touches heart

This is the  scene she proove her self

Every time I listen this dialogue and fall in love with priyanka performance

Every time Priyanka Chopra Jonas Says&quot;Aapne Toh Hamse Hamara Guroor Cheen Liya&quot; Gives Me Goosebumps

Priyanka stole the show in this movie... Absolutely loved her performance.

Yeh movie meri jindagi se milti hue hai,yeh dailouge mujhe bahut kasht deta hai..adami kitna selfish ho jata hai..priyanka ki ankhon mein asali dard dikhta,jaisa mere mein hai.

Priyanka stole the limelight...those eyes!!!!!!

The scene has my whole heart

when pc is in the screen , it does&#39;nt atter who the main character is

Jhut bola peshwa ne...kashi utni priya nehi thi jitni mastani ....jalim kahi ka 

She was in a deep pain..her eyes speaks it all

very heart touching dailog

<b>goosebumps</b>



This scene us amazing. The pain and suffering of the first queen.... I like priyanka chopra&#39;s role the most in this movie...

I can feel her pain 

Omg pc

Each and every word is so genuine  and heart touching.

अक्टर कितीही मोठा असला तरी, मराठी बोलतो..!

No level Can match PC ️

And some people with a blind hatred for Priyanka said she can&#39;t act when she stood up for herself when some uninformed moron said she didn&#39;t deserve to announce Oscar nominations.

Best acting both

Priyanka awesome no words

Whats guroor?

What an acting

PC is amaging actor

I feel like punching bajirao in his face :|

Aap humse hamari Jan mang lete hum aap khushi khushi de dete aapne to humse hamara gurur hi chheen liya.

Too good 

Heart touching acting by priyanka mam 

Love you pc️️

Wow the pc is my fav. All time





Super 

Insaane itna takatwar h ki akela hi puri diniya SE lad sakta h lekin apno SE lad sakta itna takatwar nhi.....apno ke aage jhuk hi jaata h kamjooor ho jaata h

It shows how powerless a female of that time could be , she knows about her husband&#39;s infidelity , but can do absolutely nothing about it.

Priyaka mam u r fabulous actress make me cry

Priyanka Chopra ne kamaal kar diya hai is film mein. Wonderful actress.

This million yrs old women oppression 

एक दम सही बात

In the whole movie I just loved this scene! That pain of kashi

Ek patni ke liye uska pati gurur hota hai jo

Dislikes are from real mastani&#39;s followers and the girls who separate two married people ️

Priyanka nailed the scene

She doesnt act, she lives.

Gurror...the reflection of a wife&#39; s life whose husband is everything for her.lekin husband sala puch raha hai ....hmari wajah se koi dukh pohcha hai to.90% women story yahi h.or yahi chalta aa raha hai.

Well, this scene was great. However, we can ask SLB to destroy and modify history

I literally cried after watching this scene

Classic example, one decision can change everything the moment it&#39;s made...

Priyanka&#39;s acting 

Love pc

आप हमसे हमारी जिंदगी मांग ले ते हम खुशी से दे दे ते मगर आपने हमसे हमारा गुरुर मांग छिन लिया...The Pain in her eyes Says Everything...

This scene is really evergreen..  

best scene in entire movie

Pc️

Priyanka ki acting dangerous hai meri to jan hi  le li

Ohhhh that&#39;s seeen litrelly cry me Love you pc️

P.c.

Nice work



This is my most favourite scene ever ️

Deepika is overrated as an actress

I just can&#39;t tell how how, many time I saw this scene, only coz of priyanka

इस फिल्म मे प्रियांका चोप्रा ने सच में बहोत खूब अॅक्टींग की

everyone noticed ranveer n deep but no one  notoced priyanka she was fabulous in her role,  ,,,, one of the finest actress

Paraye logo se kya shikayat krna ghav toh aapno ke zyada chubte hai .... this line ️️

This movie was more lost of them be oz I loved kashi more than mastani. And she stole the high light.

Hollywood will never know real priyanka chopra

Priyanka acted well in this film speechless

OMG pc

Best scene of this movie ️





With this single scene, PC stole the whole show...

Priyanka leh gayi pura credit just yeh ek scene ke vajhe se.. what a dialogue and acting️

Her acting... Different level no words to  describe

Super heavy weight dialogues as usual by sanjay leela bhansali what a delivery by Ranvir Singh, Pc and Dk..

I&#39;ve watched this particular scene so many times, I couldn&#39;t control my emotions it&#39;s so painful to express this emotion she done a great job and dialogues were awsm

Can someone please translate this in English 

I was so disturbed after watching this movie, what bajirao mastani did to kashibai was heartless, annoying, rude, inhuman

Best script writing... amazing

This film should be named ,&quot;Kashibai&quot; .

Krishna ne nahi rukmani ne krishna se kaha

No extra drama such polished way to talking about her pain writer just went to the era and came up with this

Brilliant acting priyanka Chopra

Kangana ne kya ek movie Karli Queen ki wo khudko Meryl Streep samajhti hain. Koi yaha Priyanka Chopra ki acting dekho..hazaar Guna acchi hain! 

Ye bajirav sala adhik bants ha pyar ki bate kata hs jab mahar logo nevsaman ki jindgi mangi to ye bola tum nich ho tumhe kuch nahi milega 500 mahar seniko ne inke hajoro seniko ki aisi taisi kar di ye payar batayega payar kya hota isko pata hi nahi ye sala payar k name pe notakanki ki thi



<a href="">2:24</a> what you wanted  and I too

Priyanka is looking so real 

Maratha empire was destroyed due to the internal family politics in the Peshwa family and the inability of the Peshwas to maintain good relations with other kings in India. All this fuckery resulted in the Panipat debacle, otherwise not even the British would have the balls to challenge the Marathas.P. S.: We Indians always like to each other fall. Aur karo bhedh bhav. Ab to China bhi mar rahi hai humari.

Power of girls the lady eshe hi national award winning nhi h....

PC eyes and her voice enough for everything....the pain derived from her eye I think

Chootiya be hero bngya shem u chootiya

Fun fact : Main actress was dipika  but our whole focus goes on Priyanka One more fact :I didn&#39;t say thanks to all 

What acting no words explain

These dialogues and priyanka&#39;s acting... Just fantastic My fav scene from this movie️

Now that&#39;s what I call a powerfull wifeAnd PC is what I call a perfect woman

Priyanka is undoubtedly the best and most human part of this movie. Her acting as Kashibai is so raw, you can literally feel her pain.

nice

&#39;Afsos to iss baat ka hai shreemant ki aap humse hamari zindagi maang lete hum aapko khushi khushi de dete, par aapne to humse hamara groor cheen liya&#39;OMG this dialogue is just outstanding with her expressions️

Aap jaisa koi actor is duniya me nahi

Agar aap jaisa koi actor mere samne aysi acting kare to me manu, zindagi bhar uska gulam ho k ghimunga

Its to painful dialogue to be more feel it

Aurat ka dukh koi kya Jane ..his pr gujarti h vhi janta h

<a href="">2:18</a> thank me later.

Can feel the pain when husband bring another woman

very heart touching

काशि दुख कि बात तो हे हि ऐतराज मे तुम प्रेमिका होके भि अपने प्यार को पा ना सकि ओर बाजि राव मस्तानि मे तुम पत्नी हो के भि अपने पति को अपना नहि रख पाई

The emotions and pain she expresses with just one word guroorPC is iconic in this movie

I watched these dialogues 100 of times, I feel dialogues of bajirao mastani

Priyanka&#39;s acting is speechless ️

The Name of the movie should be changed to &quot;Kashibai&quot; .

Best scene of movie

What a scene...epic!!

Dil ko Chu jata hay a dialogues ️ love from Kolkata

Superb, no words

Her acting is mesmerizing

Priyanka&#39;s dialogue performance is amazing !!

priyanka&#39;s actinggg 

Priyanka chopra ️️️️️️️️️

Peswa buluuuuu Baily thali sali krithan vay vay wachi thing ting ting typo&#39;s CNN big hmm c

What a character of kaashi bai

Ghao toh apno ka zyada chubhta hein

I liked dialog reayl story hai

What a dialogue what a acting by priyanka Mindblowing

कितने बुरे लोग होते हैं जो अपणी पत्नी होते हुये भी दुसरी औरत लाते हैं।

Aap Humse Humare zindagi manglete, toh HUM vo KHUSHI KHUSH dedetee lekin APNE toh HUMSE HUMARA GURUR CHEEN liyaa 

Only pure acting

<a href="">2:15</a> to <a href="">2:33</a> love it

<a href="">1:13</a> to <a href="">2:13</a>️

Omg priyanka u beauty. This one scene stole the entire movie

Fantastic

Super

Nick John can&#39;t understand any word 

Kashi ke saath galat hua tha

Kashi ke saath galat hua tha

Hats off to Priyanka ma&#39;am&#39;s facial expressions, way of talking and her acting!!!!!!

Such beautiful scene .priyanka emoted it so well️

That dailogue paraye logo se kya narazgi gau toh Apne dete hai

I love her voice. I could listen to it during a headache

Outstanding acting ....

Forget about han seo jun and han ji pyeong priyanka here is the real second lead syndrome it was soooooooooooo heartbreaking

छत्रपती शिवाजी महाराज

This is all about direction.

Priyanka Copy act as raas leela madam.

Achchha yahi hoga pati patni aps me khoob pyar se raho.kisi ke peeche zindagi narak mat karo .dhanyvad

<a href="">2:15</a> that line 

It was Mastaani bai&#39;s fault, because she already knew that he is married still she wanted to marry him. She didn&#39;t think for kashi even for a single time that how would she feels,  And got married to his katar. In my opinion , mastaani was an oportunist.

Best dialogue I love this

Priyanka chopra ️️️

The lines

Ye mrd aise hi hote h .kisi dusri orat ne thoda sa pyar kya dikha diya .apni sangini ke sath dhoka kr jate h inke sath inki ptni aisa kre to inhe kaisa lgega koi puchhe inse .

Priyanka Chopra acting is super

This scene has different fanbase

Gurur chhin liya

Ek aurat sab baant leti h per apna pati bantana maut say b bura hota h ye history ye b dikhati h k Raj Mahalo may asla may aurato ki dasha kya hoti h Or ye aj b hakeekat h aj b reach families k ghar ki bate jab samne ati h toh yahi dekhane may ata h vo log shadi k baad affair karte h pyar ho jata h fir apne hi biwi bache chor dete h

Plz full movie upload kijiye...

And the same happened like Radha Krishna - Bajirao Mastani....

Kashi was again right because mastani was the one to break her house hold and was not even guilty about it

Ek biwi har cheez baat sakti hai par apna shohar nhi

The intensity of this scene gets me everytime

Bechari kashee,,, husbend such mai dohka dythy hai,,,

This scene has so many dialogues.

Have never watched this movie..The symbolism tho ..Them extinguishing the lights depicting their dying relationship.

Ap humari zindagi mang lete hum khusi khusi de dete pr apne to humra gurur hi chhin liya

Priyanka ji best

കൃഷ്ണൻ സ്നേഹിച്ചത് രാധയെ ആയിരുന്നു... കൃഷ്ണനെ പരിപാലിച്ചതും സ്നേഹിച്ചതും രുകമിണി ആയിരുന്നു... എന്തുകൊണ്ട് സ്നേഹം തിരിച്ചു കൊടുത്തില്ല?

To My Arunaktey and Her Brother Sorya:  For legitimate food in India how much does Bajiirao for example, have to compensate his first wife...his legitimate wife.  Bajiirao had done nothing but taking away meal from India when he decided to give himself away to his concubine from a different country a different land.  In return what had she offered his society for meal?  Thank you so much. 



so 

Very very so s what&#39;s movies

Very nice...

I like so much this dialogue



<a href="">2:23</a> loved it

Omg Priyanka&#39;s acting️️️

Hats off to her acting 

Mujhe kabhi kabhi samajh main nhi aata k yeh kis tarah ka pyar h jo ek ke Baad dushre Ko chunta h our khud Ko mukammal or saccha pyar kehlwata h

Priyanka ne gajab seen kiya

I don&#39;t know why I watch it over and over again

Acting level boht high  Ranveer Bhai

I strongly believe PRIYANKA CHOPRA&#39;s acting was the best part of Bajirao Mastani.....she acted many more times better than Deepika and Ranveer......who else think so?

U can&#39;t judge love ..   one thing I just love about kashibai she didn&#39;t bags , cry, got angry she just mainted her class of being queen..

Best scene of this movie

Bat Muslim ya Hindu ki nai kiyu Ak orat dusri orat k base bassy ghr me apna ghar Bana ne ki koshesh Karti muhabat kise se b ho Sakti to us muhabat k Lia serf pheli orat se he kiyu qurbani ki umeed rakhte ha dunia dusre b to qurbani de Sakti ha us mard ki khushe k Lia zarf ki umeed mard srf pheli bv se kiyu rakhta ha wohe zarf aur qurbani wo b to da Sakta ha apni ghr bacho k lia

Its fake real story is Totally different mastani was Arrangedlly  married to baji , he never left kashi, mastani was never attacked, neither he disrespected his mother, brother and kashi,  nor they ever dis... Mastani and mastani died month&#39;s after peshwaas death and not in an jail and nana never disre... Mastani infact he trained his step brother shamsher and took care of him after mas... This people can do any thing for drama

Beautiful lines

I wonder how small mistakes lead to to change the date of Independent India.

Mam ki jawap nahi supar

Dil ko chirkr rkh dene bala scene hii e, sachchi me kya hm kisi ka spcl nhi bn skte jitna hq-pyar hm dete utna hi bo hme de....kmse km hmri jgah kisi ko n de...

Priyanka ️️️

Priyanka has nailed Ranveer and Deepika by her acting skills  in this movie

Honestly speaking , i don&#39;t hv courage to watch this scene....just makes me cry every tym i watch it....

সুন্দর

Movie ka name bhi bajirao mastani hi hai radhe krishma

Even after 4 yrs i feel this scene

How much pain in this line &quot;apne to humse hamari goroor hi chin liya&quot;

When thinking about Krishna and radha there was a reason he couldn&#39;t marry radha. Whereas i hated bajirao character as he went for another marriage. Like seriously you loved kashi and suddenly love vanished and appeared for someone else what a joke mam

Not being in the situation yourself , yet experiencing everything that the character is going through says it all.Loved Kashi and never realised pc was a supporting role!

Favorite dialogue

Amazing strong character portrayal by PC

Priyanka jaisi activing to koi kr rhi nhi skta, ankh me ashu a jate h jitni b bar is seen ko dekho

बाजीराव पेशवा दूनियके सबसे बडे सेनानियो मेसे एक थे . लेकीन सालोने उनको देवदास बना डाला.

I know how it hurts

Wad a scene....

Pyaar Hai Hi Wo Cheez Nato Jeene De Aur Naa Marne...Bass,, Badnaam Kar Jaye...

Heyy bhagwan!!  Yeh Krishna Rukmini ka kya bol rahe hai !! 

&quot; घाव तो अपनो के ज़्यादा चुभते हैं..&quot;&quot; आप ने तो हमसे हमारा  ग़ुरूर छीन लिया..&quot;Electrifying take on breach of trust in a conjugal relationship. OUTSTANDING Priyanka Chopra! She owns the scene. Brightest moment of one of the most spectacular performances in Indian Cinema. The dialogues are top notch n add gravitas to the proceedings.

Priyanka Chopra is best actress in the world

Crying like  ... Everything I feel for this scene is already in the comments.. so no need to comment on all tht ...

Priyanka is the real gem to the movie..one of her finest performance ..much love️

What does &quot;guroor&quot; mean?

A valid point.. Radha never married Krishna yet we say Radhe Krishna Radhe Krishna...  Log preyasi Ko hi yaad rakhte hae

Sameer Tu mera sameer he rahyegaa.... Is se bada saboot Aur Kiyaa do App ko

Nafrat ho gayi muze to mastani  se just love kashibai for her constantly stand with bajirao

आज तक की प्रियंका चोपड़ा की सबसे बेहतरीन एक्टिंग ️️️

Movie uploaded please

when ranveer speaks Manje in.marati..spechless expression..great acting

&quot;&quot;&quot; App humse jindegi mang lete hum khusi khusi de dete lekin app ne to humse hamara guroor chhin Liya &quot;&quot;&quot; really this line are masallah 

Priyanka is phenomenal in this scene we all can feel the pain Kaashi was feeling butEven if ranveer did his part amazingly but as I see the bajirao I still can&#39;t feel his pain. How can a man love people with same emotions. His love for mastani I would probably call it lust. But I just can&#39;t see his love for Kashi. I just don&#39;t feel sad for him when Kashi banished him

Har kisi par dil aa jaye usse pyaar thodi na kehte h...

Bar bar is clip ko dekhte hue mera man nahi bharta .Jab dekhta hu tab aankhe bhar jati h

Ohhh..his voice does&#39;nt even suits the character

Sahi bolri h ek patni...pati jab aise kre to ...patni ka gurur chhin hi jata h

Priyanka just nailed the role of kashi bai.... awesome ️...big clap for Priyanka

Even ranveer acting in this scene spechless.

Ranveer and priyanka ..rock on..best acting

Everyone remembers bajirao and mastani&#39;s love but nobody talks about the betrayal, pain, tears, loss of love ,trust that Kashi bai faced

A wife&#39;s pain is clearly seen on her face...

I don&#39;t know why people can&#39;t be honest to their partner for life I mean they should feel lucky that they found someone to share their life with.

i will do the same thing if my hubby does the same

Best decision

Conquering war generals of that era used to have entire herems of concubines. Bajirao fell in love with one but Kashibai had her point. The entire story is very delicate from that point of view and centuries ahead of it&#39;s time. Yet, we remember Shah Jahan&#39;s Taj Mahal as the symbol of love, while all he did was blow state treasury on one building for one of his concubines..

Seriously the only time I was more with angry was that they tried to justify this union.
