&quot;Yeh lichar aadmi zaat&quot;.Talk about sugar coating sexism and misandrists at the same time .😂😂

❤😂❤

Who&#39;s here after watching crushed 😍

Was it good can somebody post their review

Yeh movie kaha pe watch kar sakte hai please reply

What a disgusting 🤬 series!

Full store kasy dhkye

That was so good I don&#39;t understand why our community doesn&#39;t appreciate the inspirational movies made for women specifically thumps up for Pooja Bhatt she performed with brilliance

BB ott me jo kuch aaj kal ke bache ch*** he YouTuber aur tik koter he un ko batao ya samjao pooja bhat kya chiz he pooja bhat love you ❤❤❤

<a href="">1:03</a> Fuking Yaar Ek Bhar Dila Do 😂

After BigBos Ott2 Dek Kar Kis Kis Nai Jana Ki Ye Mahesh Bhatt Ki Ladke Hai 😂😂😂

Pooja Bhatt is extremely stunning! I last watched her at Zakhm movie, and she made me cry. Now in Bombay Begums, she again made me cry when she narrated her sexual harassment incident. She is a totally amazing actress. Would like to watch more of her work.

Who&#39;s coming after seeing her big boss ott

Season2 please

Beautiful &lt;3

good

GREy shadows of concrete world

Abb Randiyoo pe series see the Rand in begining Rand salya

Bakwas bhangar hai maat dekko

Pooja Bhatt naam se junoon movie aur uske song ....yaad ate h

One sided movie

One of my favourite web series ❤️

Next season kab ay ga is ka

Aadhya anand😍❤❤

A series made right out of Pooja Bhatts But.It&#39;s good to know that Netflix is shedding employees like a balding.

Saying fck fck multiple times, having multiple sexual partners, smoking n drinking, cheating on ur partner doesn&#39;t mean women empowerment.

All female leads did a brilliant jobs! Especially pooja bhatt and the prostitute lady

Pooja Bhatt played better than Madhuri of Fame Game

Mai Toh Aadhya Ke Liye Aya bass 🤍🥺🥀

Here for aadhya anand 😍..

This series was so good. I have no idea why it received so much hate. Absolutely brilliant, layered characters and loved the sisterhood Can&#39;t wait for s2

👍 यह भी कोई km baat nhi h ki smaj me aaj jo  स्वतन्त्रता आई h womens ke liye  !

Thoda sa Lipstick under My BurkhaThoda sa KalankThoda sa CloserThoda sa BombshellThoda sa MomSab films jodke ek series banao, uska naam hai &#39;Bomb&#39;ay &#39;Beg&#39;ums

I&#39;m  in love with this series. The writer is just like portrayed my  character.

I my name is chandrashekar govindapa

Dose Bombay Begum means extra marital? Is that means they can have sex as much as possible apart from their husbands,this is what the Begums do all the time?

after watching this show i decided to be my girlfriends tampon.

Maza nahi aaya

Super flop......

Ayesha&#39;s character in this series is just eat, drink, smoke, hookup, repeat  ... 😁😁

survival,battle for every human

IMHO, I liked it. It was fine to watch.

Netflix is only good for showing Indian women sleeping around .. should banned 🚫 this channel in INDIA, like how they did tiktok .. and even so in our all our Easter society countries ..

💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛

Plot is same like movie the beachStarring leo di capreioMeans life is only enjoyment

बडिया-something new,excited🥸🥸

Dil hai k manta nahi … woo pooja and ye pooja time sala kisi ko nahi choooodtaaa

Plabita you legend love … believe me this this session is yours  only yours … love u baby

Bakwas and bakwas

Total waste of time

The series is total trash.......

Abb ye chudai wale film hi reh gaya he kya

When coming next season

1st Netflix movie where no abusing words has spoken

0.57 funny

Buhat dair kar di meharbaa ate ate

Oh man ,feminazis  are just too little to understand .Feminism : Bash males,drink liquor,adultery,etcI hate my teachers they told me great things what feminist movements can do.

Who Here After Controversy ...Ban Web SeriesHindutava Khatre Mein Hain✌️👍

Who is here after twitter war 😂🤣

I am here after NCPCR&#39;s objection regarding violating child rights and other dirty things they shown in their worst series.Save the childhood.

The only genuine person is Vivek gomber

E kya bawasir bana diye ho

Film idea stolen from Pakistani banned web series churails ..

Disgusting

There is nothing in this series other than sex, adultery, illegal drugs and sleeping with every man to succeed in life. wow what a women empowerment 😂😂😂👏👏

I&#39;m also a banker and this series is so much realtable  some time you can&#39;t speak because you want succeed in your life thats true and the way rani and fatima working and also love their family is so much real because a good women wants both things in her life family career both (accept they cheated there partners) but affords for there family is appreciated based on real life no extra drama working women will relate this series

I love this series so much...Better than majority of the western series.So real❤️Thank you Netflix India.

Pooja mam good acting

This show sucks ass

music is so similar with 365 days

You can do whatever you like..can even sleep  with whoever you like.. Its your life..This is the bullshit statement of this era..Rani lives for others happiness and finally she won the race

Love and relation are still the pure thing..There is no complexity. I dont know why everyone teaches to live whatever they want..like my life my choice..Making other happy..live for other people is way to get real satisfaction

Bombay begums 2 please as soon as possible

♥️♥️Pooja bhatt

I hate the name Fatima

I don&#39;t have a Netflix subscription and I&#39;m busy watching just trailers.But I&#39;m fine no regrets.I read the reviews

isn&#39;t that ayesha is arshi khan?!

Glad life doesn&#39;t suck as big time as this conceptual trailer :D

Overall both Pakistan and India done a great job I’ve seen the churails Pakistan series now definitely going to watch India series Bombay queens great to have the legend pooja jee back .

Can someone tell me which song is that? Ohohoooooho

Just finished. Great acting. Watch it

Awesome

Lame Movie and storyline 😆🍆

Reach Base Visa available

Italy

Netherland

Hungary

Done Base Visa available

USA

Japan

Sweden

Belgium

Poland

Romania

Italy

For more info plz whatapp +923174552914

Ye kitni gandi lag rhi hai pooja bhatt

Wow, such an Americanized show!

❤️

❤️

👍

❤️

❤️

❤️

❤️

👍

❤️

❤️

Josh Ekta movie

I love her

Toxic Pooja

Garbage

Wow nice to see u pooja butt after a long time ago

Will watch only for Pooja bhat

Mene hmesha se hi dekha ki call grl ka koi character movies me dikhate hai to ese hi dikhate hai .gandi si koi ladki ,bekar sa dress,ajeeb si bat krne ka tarika,gareeb,ghr b gandi jgh par chota sa ghr .......me nhi bol rhi ki esa nhi hota hai .hota hoga par acha b hota hai .bohot acha ...aur unke baal to bilkul b esa nhi hota jesa laxmi ka dikhaya .... khubsurat hote hai yrr unke bal ...bohot zada ❤️

And I like pooja bhatt so much ..❤️

Nice ..but call grls ta bar dancer ki life esi nhi hoti . bohut better hoti hai .unke dress make up bat krne ka tarika sab aalag hote hai . standard hota hai usme .aur unke bacho ki zindgi to bilkul b esi nhi hoti .

Wat a series..🔥🔥🔥 must watch , wonderfully shown the struggle of todays women life to be on top. Need more web series  n such movies so tht our society opens up..!

Amruta subhash love your acting.

Women centric content should be mainstream too. Women come in all kind of varieties just like men, so, some will be good, some not so much. Not sure about the making but showing only &#39;good women&#39; fabricates the realism of life and hypocrisy.  ~ just a random man.

Pooja bhatt itnaaaa kese badal gyi ?????i mean just look at herrrrr!!!!!   &amp;&amp;&amp;  voiceeeee

Bhai city of dreams  is Kolkata

Welcome back pooja I am surprice to see you...this movie will be great..old is gold..

All of the characters were a bunch of cnuts... absolutely despicable human beings... wish i never meet people like these

Kya bombay bombay laga rakha hai saloon I will turn that city into dust not immediately but definitely, wait

9457815907 my whatsapp Aunty bhabi koi bhi msg kre

Such a waste of time . Useless series

Is series khatam karne ke baad mujhe aur amir nhi banna 😂

I can see so many men getting triggered lol that&#39;s fun.

Spellbound performance by all females, enjoyed full time, but they could have cut down the kissing scenes or showed it like old movie style, and BGm jazz music should have been used where ever possible.

Ok so it&#39;s shahana Goswami not swara bhaskar😂😂

Is licharpanti se KB aega bahr Bollywood 😤😠

I feel like puking after watching few of the episodes.

Mi dekhaikhu ga

Pooja Bhatt good acting

Pooja Bhatt nice

Good

Good ✅😍😘🥰😘🥰🥰

Baykot

How much of the money made from this project will help women in India that are being abused?

It started off good I guess but the too much of cheating was upsetting to watch.

Kya yahi aata hai bollywood ko

It&#39;s like Churail drama..

Such a bullshit webseries thank god Netflix have 10 sec forward button. The most annoying character is the teenage girl&#39;s acting

Great work by Pooja Bhatt 👍 really appreciate..

@netflixindia i wonder why netflix is not making a action film with vidyut jamwal just see her talent  @

Only 1 Queen i know is Kangana Ranaut. Periodttt

Crisscross bangla movei copy.. Shameless didnot even give credit.

So many butthurt patriarchial products 😂

How cheating is equal to women empowerment, stop projecting stupid things , the whole series was about sleeping with other guys. You guys are so hopeless.

बकवास

I enjoy

Typical feminist bullshit

Netflix India keya ghatiya series bana re hy... Shame on you 😠 Mumbai ki aurat aise ni hote

Sala ye 2018 ke bank ki mandi ka story haiIcici banke

Kabtak aisi bakwasgiri failate rahoge Netflix walo? Pata nahi inhe kya problem hai Indian culture se jo har series me uchalte rahte hai🤦🏻‍♂️.

Amazing series loved it 😍

After 3rd episode the plot got so confused , it was just about extra marital affairs and sex, last 2 episodes were so weird and hard to watch as the writer was so confused and there were several things going on , not at all recommend it to watch sorry

Good to see Pooja. She’s looking gorgeous.

Wow

Loved it waiting for season 2

💩💩💩

Name should be: &quot;Bombay Begums : Available Expensive Ch**ts&quot;

Can we not have one decent Indian movie that is based on Indian culture and values? Could not watch this movie more than few minutes.

I was excited to hear pooja bhutt name again since I always liked her a lot but Bollywood’s gone so low. Every movie or series I try to watch just feels like I’m watching a replica of Hollywood. Since I chose to watch Indian movie but I get Hollywood replica, I change it to real Hollywood movie instead of Bollywood. What a shame. Bollywood is done.

<b>Another Netflix Series To Show India In A Bad Light, Congratulations Librandu!</b> 🙃

Amazing Series ever.. loved it

&quot;Survival is a battle for every woman&quot; 🔥🔥

What are y’all trying to show the youth ? What is this rubbish ?? Shameless!

Disliked for Bhatt

The things Pooja Bhat did in film 🎬That Mahesh Bhat does in real life😂

Bombay Begums or Bombay Balgums😂

Papa want to marry his daughter.I stop watching Bollywood crap😴

Masz is good that no body can use woman as a toy or rase voice against sexual accolt I aggree or support it but is woman have a right to make a sexual relationship with other and cheat her husband or lover think But all those r actually they r giving good msz but also effecting or distory Indian culture

Me: netflix is the worst , it is selling sex in the name of thrillers and spoiling youth mindset by showcasing lustAlso me: Ok will watch this

Looks like trash!! Bombay isn&#39;t the city of dreams more the city of slums! I don&#39;t think this coming on in Netflix UK, Thank God!!!

Niceee story

ham men&#39;s ghadhe hain??????..

I loved watching bombay begum.. it is very entertaining

If women keep extra-marital affairs She&#39;s characterless ..... And if men does the same... It&#39;s his charmNot pointing out that all men are evil but the thinking of the society

today I had watched...good one

This is an absolutely amazing show. Must watch. Don&#39;t listen to the haters!!!

🤮🤮🤮🤮

Support it.

Watching this show on Netflix.  Just one thing to say after watching. The name of this show should have been Bombay Sluts, instead of Bombay Begums. Nothing makes sense. Sorry.

Leechad aadmi jaat se shaadi.. affairs.. relations ..bhi mat rakho...enjoy solo.

SHAME ON YOU  NETFILX....THINK TWICE  WHAT  RUBBISH  THING  CREATES BY     YOUR FOOLISH WRITER  AND DIRECTER ,,,,,,

I watched this entire series in an afternoon.

watched first few minutes of this series and really did not want to continue watching. over dramatization and adding unnecessary sympathy khao tone to the series is specialty of Indian Media. I mean if any person be it a boy or girl who gets fires from the job starts applying for a new one instead of drinking away which has shown here. I really do not agree to the tone set in this entire series.

Some women are born to rule We call them &quot;Queens&quot; Yes, go and checkSaina trailer

dark hindi dubed 😟😔😟

Making a commercial Vs a piece of art, choice is good

I liked to see Pooja batt in such a beautiful strong role.....

English me bolne lage hai aajkal movies me, bhaiisan english me hi sunna tha to Hollywood movie na deklete tume.. ajeeb hai ajj ki generation..

Churails ki ghathia copy.

<b>&quot;बॉम्बे की नपुंसक रंडियां विथ सम हिन्दुफोबिक मसाला&quot;</b> this should be the title of this webseries.

Bohot hi wahiyaaaad

Thrash

osm..

T

Pooja bhat kya bhoot lag rahi he😂

aa gayo feminism ka jhanda lekar

BLOODY SLUTS THINGS PROVIDED BY NETFLIX 😡😡

You people don&#39;t care about others in society, jo man kiya wo bana diya

Looks amazing

👏

<b>Bombay Ghasanti</b>

Why the thumbnail is so dumb....???🤔🤔🤔

This not how women  empowerment happens n please all Bombay women r not like them so Bombay hatao.. Bombay survival ???

When will Netflix stop blaming Price for poor performance in india,, they need to start blaming shows like this

It&#39;s Mumbai not Bombay you ideots.

Bakwaas 😒... waste of time

I liked it

Netflix, ab 2 rupee se bhi kaam aukaat ho gyi teri?

Just fu*king piece of pseudo feminist crap...💩 Early feminists- working hard and fight for &quot;equality&quot; and for &quot;DIGNITY&quot;...Modern feminists- will do what everything a man does be it good or bad(especially bad)...😂😂☠️💩

Honestly i didnt knew India has such low values when it comes to marriage and family. I have watched many Netflix indian movies and series and i am shoked. I loved India so much because i tought they had unique and wonderfull culture and Tradition based on the others movies before Netflix. I didnt knew it was so common in India to have open marriage or to cheat on your Partner. Even if it so it shouldnt be praised so much on TV. What is wrong with  marriage and beeing monogamous? Please stop to &quot;teach us&quot;, that the only right thing is to not be monogamous, and its ok if you cheat on your Partner, its normal. Its normal??? Why we praise love then, why should be normal if i am married, to have affairs with other people, to fall in love with others? Then why i am married, if i love someone else and live with someone else? It doesent makes sense. Should i have sex with somebody then come home and be in a marriage where there is not love. How its posible to have sex with other people and respect and love your Partner? Dont tell me love is sleeping around and hurting your Partner. No matter how much someone wants to be &quot;modern&quot;, it hurts to see your Partner with someone else. Love doesent work like that. Marriage and healthy family doesent work like that. Open marriage its bulshit. Everybody should respect their Partner and problems are not solved with cheating. And why cheating is presented like something very common and normal? Is normal to betray your Partner when you have some problem in your marriage? What is marriage about? Shouldnt be build between two people and the problems to be solved? Not idmidietly to cheat. Its very hard to forgive and forget cheating, it hurts, but in the indian movies we see that as something normal. What??? I was fascinated with India like i am with Turkey, they are both great countries, with family values, educated and smart, but i am so much disapointed watching all this. Anyways hi from The Balkans.

All the ladies out their were so sexy and hot.Every scene was teasing for mens out there....🙂❤😉😉

Your all crazy this show shows the rights of women and that women need to battle to get what they want in life

Self respect ki ma behen kr di

Leechadh admi jat sahi direction me ja raha hai apna desh.

It&#39;s just like four more shots but only differ in dreams and economic background 🙄

the most disgusting trailer ever seen

Lame, worst drama ever. Shame on you Netflix

Nitfilis kya bava sir hay kuchh vi rilij kar ti rahati Ho boycot miri tarap si OK ok 😠

Till date I love her ( Pooja bhutt )

circus act.

Bollywood ne youth barbad karne ka jo kasar baki chhoda tha ab Netflix pura kar raha hai...shame on you Netflix

Swara 🤔🤔🤔

ये पूजा भट्ट की बायोग्राफी लगती है 😀😀

Bombay  Is survivers for porn stars or porn star&#39;s are surviver for Bombay.

Bakwas....🤭🤭🤭

When you&#39;re living on recruit difficult, you&#39;ll make these films.

&quot;Survival is a battle for every woman&quot;? B*** please, &quot;Survival is a battle for every living being.&quot;

Third class series I request all of you not to encourage such kind of series, it will ruin our culture.

Powerful acting by Pooja Bhatt &amp; other ladies....Although showcases adultery which is a taboo subject among indians, this show truly portrays the reality of the high class society in the world and not only India...

Ye netflix hindustan ki Maa chod dega

नेटफ्लिक्सवर &#39;बॉम्बे बेगम्स&#39; नावाची वेबसिरीज आहे. त्यातलं एक भगव्या वस्त्रातलं पात्र, भगवद्गीता हातात घेऊन म्हणतं , &#39;भगवद्गीतगीतेत सांगितलंय की स्त्रीचे एकच कर्तव्य आहे ते म्हणजे पुरुषाची वासना शमवणे. १३ वर्षांच्या मुली म्हणतात, धंदा करना बुरी बात नही हैं, त्यांचा प्रियकर दुसऱ्या मुलीसोबत जातो म्हणून त्या दारू पितात, सिगरेट पितात.हे संवाद बोलणारे कलाकार कोण आहेत माहितीय- अमृता सुभाष, लोकेश गुप्ते नावाचा मराठी कलाकार. यांना खटकत नाही हे? भगवद्गीतेत हे सांगितलंय? 😢 कधीही विरोध करावासा वाटत नाही यांना? गुप्ते, सुभाष यांना लहानपणापासून शिक्षणाच्या सोयी उपलब्ध असाव्यात, बुद्धीही बऱ्यापैकी असावी असं वाटतं. मग कधीही भगवद्गीतेमधे हे सांगितले असेल तर तो युगानुयुगे पूज्य का मानला जातोय? ज्ञानेश्वरांपासून विनोबांपर्यंत सगळ्यांनी ज्याला पूज्य मानलं त्या ग्रंथात हे लिहिलंय? हे विचारावं, त्याला विरोध करावा, असं यांच्या मेंदूत शिरत नाही? काय प्रलोभनं अधिक आहेत? पैसा की वासना? जी असे संवाद म्हणायला भाग पाडतात यांना?आपल्या कोणालाही खटकत नाही का हे? की हे अभिव्यतिस्वातंत्र्य अपेक्षित आहे आपल्याला ?भगवद्गीता धर्मग्रंथापेक्षाही मोठा आहे, तो मानवजातीसाठी अत्यंत मार्गदर्शक ग्रंथ आहे. म्हणूनच न्यायालयात आजही शपथ घेतली जाते गीतेवर हात ठेवून.वारंवार अशा धार्मिक अवमानकारक गोष्टी लक्षात आणून देऊनही जेव्हा हे लोक असंच करतात, तेव्हा लाज वाटते यांची, आणि आपण हे मनोरंजन म्हणून स्वीकारतो म्हणून आपलीही. हे सगळे लोक आपल्याला स्वच्छ संदेश देत असतात- तुमच्याच लोकांचा वापर करुन आम्ही तुमच्या भारतीयत्वाचे, धर्माचे आणि संस्कृतीचे धिंडवडे काढणार, काय करायचं ते करा आणि आपण बावळटपणा करत &#39;अभिव्यक्ती स्वातंत्र्य&#39; म्हणून त्यांचीच बाजू घेतो.आणि मग जेव्हा लोकांना या कलाकारांचा राग येतो,किंवा कारवाईची मागणी होते, तेव्हा हे अभिव्यक्तीचे गळे काढतात. ही अभिव्यक्ती नाही, बाजारूपणा आहे.हे सगळं बघणारी, आनंद घेणारी, विरोध न करणारी नवी पिढी अपेक्षित आहे का तुम्हाला सर्वांना ? मला तरी नाही. मी शेवटपर्यंत याला विरोध करणार. आजपासून नेटफ्लिक्स बघणार नाही. अमृता सुभाष आणि लोकेश गुप्ते यांच्यावर आजन्म बहिष्कार.

Shame on u Amruta Subhash ..khud ko NGO  chalane vali kahti ho ..or ya ghatiya series chalati ho

I am disturbed by seeing so many likes.

So many misogynist men here no wonder rape cases are high in india

Congratulations and THANK YOU Netflix for bringing such an Explosive, Relatable and an Amazing series! Top-notch direction and superb acting by the main cast and the supporting cast! It&#39;s very disappointing that the Indian National Commission for Protection of Child Rights comes up with its hypocritical and regressive stance, all to be in the news. Didn&#39;t they &#39;understand&#39; the Disclaimer in the series?! The Indian NCPCR should concentrate on their ONGOING issues of child marriages, child trafficking, child prostitution child labour, etc., etc., instead trying to stifle such progressive series and looking for scapegoats instead of being accountable for and taking ownership of its own failures in India. The message of Bombay Begums is plain and simple...even in this century, girls and women continue to face all types of threats, abuses and disrespect and we all have to stand strong and together. Netflix, stand your ground!

Dialogues achhe hai movie ke

Please watch full series than rebiew it. Dont judge it before!!!!

💩💩💩

🤢🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮💩💩💩💩

🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮

Awesome Pooja bhatt u are unbelievable in the web series

Is this movie also for men??

Stunning performance by Pooja Bhatt

Good show but too much sex scene ...even without sex scene, this show could be a good one

Pm banned porn for the goodness of indians. you dirty cheap fellows &quot;made in india porn&quot; our country is heading towards destruction

I&#39;m sry to say it should call Bombay sluts not Bombay begum fucking each n every woman had multiple affairs and sex partners

Every single actress in this web series is so ugly and their faces is all fucked up

Kya bawaseer bana diye ho 🤣

Nikki taboli

सोचने वाली बात यह है कि यह सब हमारी समाज में हो रहा है महिलाओं का इतना शोषण क्या वेब सीरीज पर बैन लगाने से यह सब वास्तविकता में रुक जाएगा वास्तविकता में रुक जाना है तो लोगों के लिए कड़ा एक्शन लेना चाहिए ना कि दोहरा चरित्र दिखाकर बैटरी को बैन करना चाहिए

A netflix women oriented series. They mean being liberated and free is all about having multiple sex partners.

🤮 bolloywood = copied content,Bolloywood = no new content,Bolloywood = nepotics,Bolloywood = murder of new talents....Say no to these creepy creature of bolloywood whose entertainment is just based on copied content of others brains as bolloywood doesn&#39;t believe in own fresh contents &amp; name it as (INSPIRED BY)

5 episodes down, I hate Fatima Waarsi. Hypocrite, inconsiderate, selfish...

Shame on you Bollywoodians Culture ko destroy karne ka theka liya hai tum logo ne or pesa kaha se aata hai sab jante hai

sb randiyon ko ek he series me le liya

Netflix India : Ayesha Begum ya phir Mother of Jesus(mythical creature) par koyi show ... Kyonki Ayesha ji ki age 9 saal thi shayad tab aur Jesus son of God kaise matlab us raat ko God aur .... Ke beech kuch hua tha ....

All these type of vulgar series should b banned..😡😠

The only thing feminists won&#39;t talk about is the actual problems women face in some parts of the society. They would poke their nose everywhere but won&#39;t address the the things which led to their existence!

What Netflix India is upto nowadays

I don’t know why in every movie they portrait all rich women or successful women as whores😒😒 in Mumbai.And everyone is ok with it strange.

Bollywood gutter

Soooo dark and negative!

Kaya ha ya kuch  bhe kar raha ha bana raha ha kon dheka raha ha in sabko

Kya loda bnare Kuch bi

Big Shame

Survival is a battle for every woman good joke on years of evolution 😄😄😄😄😄😄

Lwra ka movie

Horrible! The script is the worst—writer threw the whole kitchen sink in this. So redundant!!!

I loved it it&#39;s awsome  each n every characters 💖

Feminism sucks

Mumbai ko badman Kar Rahe Hai Bastard

Netflix bastard, Pooja Bhatt Bastard.. Leave children aside. Sad chukee Hai yeh aurat. Sad chukaa Hai bollywood

Is that the same pooja bhatt who kissed his own father onscreen?

How dare u pooja ....to make something bladdy

Cheee shame on u

Kutte hai Netflix wale

report maro guyswrost trailer

सबसे घटिया वेब सिरीज़,इन पर भी केस ठोको,यह लोग सिधे सिधे,जिंदगी जिने के लिए महिलाओं को गलत सेक्स संबंध बनाने को सही बता रहै है।सिधे तोर पर,मुम्बई मे हर लड़की या महिला के दिमाग मे यह गलत विचार डाल रहै कि,अवैध संबंध बनाने से कुछ गलत नही।सिधे तोर पर,उनका मान, सम्मान ओर मर्यादा का मजाक बनाते हुए,सिर्फ गलत चिजो को विशेष परिस्थितियों के माध्यम से सही दिखाने की कोशिश की।ताकि,महिलाएं यह समझे की यह अवेध है ही नही क्योंकि जिने के लिए सही है।नेटफ्लिक्स को भारत मे बेन करना चाहिए ओर इसे बनाने वाले का पिछवाडा पुलिस के डंडो से सुजना चाहिए।

Ye mahesh bhat family syco ha sex ky ilawa inn ky pas koi aur topic hi ni ha 😀

Terrible

The name should be Bombay fucking begums

Netflix India 💩💩💩💩👎👎👎👎

Naughty America (made in India) 😂

Please banned this serial because it&#39;s slap for all women&#39;s. Okay

Ye sb chinara bnd kro

Aj ki filmo me hawas Zyda hai

Bsk hindi is me kaha h???????

Its seems the storyline more of CrissCross bengali movie.... it is good to see mumbai getting inspired from bengal mainstream movie.

Netflix ab dusra tiktok banta ja raha hai

Shame on you.. u will decreasing our mumbai images

How did this get 20k likes?

👎

Who else is here after the News?

नेटफिलिक्स  अमेजन  व्यापर करने नही आई  बर्बाद  होने आई  है  नब्बे दशक ये  फूंके करतूस   यही बकबास दिखा रहे है अब इस  तरह शो घृणा हो गई  चरसी अफीमची  रिचार्ज नही करते  मिडिल क्लास  करता है बस ध्यान दो 😡😠

बक्कवास......है

👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎

Worst movie... uktickling videos are better than this❤️

i just came to know about this trailer after i read a news saying national child commision has objected to this show , they say this show depicts children in bad   way . Well i could not find any kids here , all were grown up ladies and from the trailer it looks like normal show like any other ott series streaming these days . Atleast better that Altbalaji . so why is the protest about , can anyone clarify .

Promoting S**tty Feminism such sources are promoting  dirty filthy ways to succeed and bringing dirty ways to reach towards wealth seriously very disguisting

Talk about privilege

Mahesh bhatt ki biwi hain kiya woh🤔

Fuddu😡

Shiv sena ko iska virodh krna chahiye Bombay ka naam kharab kr raheen hain yeh

I will not watch it 🕸🕷🙈 druggywood

Netflix versions of Mills &amp; Boons😂

<a href="">1:19</a> you guys got some really shitty dialogues i must say lol. Nice try to show that every man is bad lmao

Totally waste !!

Boycutt Nachniyawood forever 🙏🙏🙏

बकवास हे..

Also when males are shown  cheating  around nd drinking and what not..then  it&#39;s comedy Bt when  women does the same it&#39;s a thriller movie.. THE HYPOCRISY LOLOfcourse I&#39;m not normalising cheating it&#39;s bad either ways bt u get the pointEdit: dnt bring ur sexist and xenophobic a*s in my comment section  cuz I dnt have time to educate ya&#39;ll

Watching this 2 minutes trailer is like when it will end.Worst trailer.

To all the crybabies in the comment section crying about how feminism is &quot;misandry&quot; Let me put it in simple words for u  Feminist: a person who supports the idea of  equal rights for both gender Ofcourse what is shown in this movie/series  is * utter bullshit * nd it does not represent an idealogy of a true feminist Bt you do realize that women are * most of the time * at the receiving end of consequences of these inequalities in our society right🙄

Trust me I&#39;ve seen this series and it&#39;s all Facts what&#39;s taking place in today&#39;s world.....how much are we gonna hide the reality

Didn&#39;t know about this series till it got controversial, glad it&#39;s about to scrapped because there is a huge difference between Adultery, cheap behaviour and feminism.

Trailer dekhne par sir me dard hone laga

Dnt call Fatima and Ayesha. Rubbish

Bakwas hai...

TV Shows: &quot;Survival is the battle for every woman&quot;. Real Life: When a disaster occurs and rescue operations priority: &quot;Women and children first&quot;!  (Example: Titanic to Kerala floods 2018)And where are the real Indian women in these shows? All women in these feminist shows are privileged high class sex/drug addict women who tries to copy western values and cheat on their husbands. And they show it as &quot;empoverment&quot;. They are basically portraying women in Bollywood as &quot;real&quot; Indian women to normalize their life in the society. And why do these TV shows keep on portraying like men like all men are really lucky in this society and all men are CEOs? Where are all those construction workers, mine workers, sewage workers, jobless men, men who goes to other countries to work for their families etc.? Why don&#39;t they consider them as men? It&#39;s true that men hold the top position in politics and companies. But they are only less than 1% of men in our society. The remaining men suffer like everyone else and they are invisible to these people. Infact a jobless woman can marry a man and live from his money and it&#39;s considered normal in our society. But a jobless man has no other option that suicide. That&#39;s why men commit double suicides than women.

Bann this fillmJahan aurton ko sambhale ki Nahi balki veshya vruti keliye prerith Kar rahe hi 💔 ShameJagoooo women&#39;s🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🙏🙏🙏Ijat Nahi istemaal Kiya jara hi

Nonsensical, totally sick content. Direction is totally crape ,acting, writing is completely cheap. Never seen such a vomittable series. Break the records of cheapadan

Why did they make this show? To mislead the youth. ...every three minutes you&#39;ll see people making out out of marriage or cheating on their partners....utter rubbish

💩💩

👎👎👎

Nonsense....bandh karo bakwaas. RIP the dynasties....

WHY WHY WHY..in our movies strong women are shown drinking abusing and sleeping with men...NO plz stop this depiction of a strong woman

One Contraversial topic Make a more Money 👍👍 easy method 🙏

In new era of bollywood industry and webseries is one famous firstly One big Contraversy of these contents make a more money 🤑💰💰👍👍

According to new guidelines , Survival is battle for each and every OTT platform . So please stop vulgurity and nudity on these platforms . Wiped this issue 👍

<a href="">1:16</a> if this is sense that these shows are trying to put to show Women empowerment then this shows their mentality and vision that what do they expect from women empowerment

To whole B&#39;wood: 🖕

Indiana government ko juba ko khrap hone se rokhna hay tho insab gandegi ko rokhna hoga ..insab may sikhne layak kuch hay kaya ?

inke to L lag gaye ...

<b>Just another malicious high society drama showing the problems of high society women cheating in their married life and later losing the respect and blaming men for this. Complete waste of time.</b>

When is season 2? Really loved the TV series

Nice

ज़्यादातर अंग्रेजी में ही है पूरी फिल्म हिन्दी रिलीज़ कब होगी ???????????

Nigga stop banning my comments

Band kro band kro khuleme hagna band kro

One more love jehad kind of webseries. Shame on netflix

Worst webseries Ever

whats there in this to ban ? time to move to usa

One of the best shows on Netflix.

I think women have gone beyond this.Being a woman myself it is our choice to make the correct ones....we should show something positive and better to encourage other women.

Please continue the series. I’m hooked. Thank you 🙏🏾

Four More shots please 2.0

One of most entertaining shows ever - actors, directors and story awesome 👍🏾💕

This is an entertaining as heck awesome show. Need more entertaining while addressing progressiveness and women rights issues. 👍🏾💕

Bakwas chap movie

tumhara BOMBAY INDIA ke bahar aata hai kya BOMBAY BOMBAY BOMBAY🖕🖕🖕

Well well well.

Rename the series from Bombay Begum to Bombay Bekaars or Bombay Bhikaris or Bombay Bulshits

Criminals actors of mumbai actors his name Rakesh Bhatt, Suraj Pancholi,rhia Chakraborty, Salman Khan, Saif Ali Khan, Aamir Khan, Arbaaz Khan, Akshay Kumar, Sonu Sood, Puja Bhatt, Alia Bhatt,etc

Full chmtiyapa

Har aurat ko jisse mann usse sex kr rhi  thi ye to humari sanskriti ni h.

Don’t you mean ‘Bombay Bitches’?

NO SHUSHANT NO BOLLYWOOD

I&#39;m gonna watch this show coz i got nothing left to watch now. At least time will spend.

Mtlab kuch bhi

Madhur Bhandarkar ke shades dikh rahe hai...

Love jihad

हरामखोरी फालतुगिरी बंद करो

Bahut ghatiya... Shabaash...

Why the fcuk every Netflix series is so dark... Literally dark, I have to increase my phone brightness every time😭

Court has banned to realase

ye alia ki ristedar kya name hai mari hui billi ki jasi shakal q ho ri

You insulted Islam.

Why netflix always shows empowerment in such way?Find some gud actors n make biographies of Strong women of India who fought or who educated the nation...btw Gangubai has same vibes like bombay begums..

Most disgusting

Scarry corporate world

I guess Netflix is getting better i kinda liked this series and that kid stole my heart... sexual harassment has to be stopped on ground level to kill it on higher level.

Hate this

report karo ispe...chu bana ke rakha hai kya

Not impressed , expected better plot from Netflix !

another trash from Netflix India, you guys better keep dubbing the foreign series only

Ban web series Bombay Begum

Kuch bhi bana rahe hai...

Wow great to see Shahana Goswami back

Its absolutely an unethical...rubbish...disgusting show...shameful...please ban this...not good for society

Oh puja Bhatt acting skills improves a lot 👍👍

Pseudo feminism ×100 hai....why now every series based on women empowermnt has do degrade the men ...mard aise mard waise

I support this show. Nothing is unrealistic and exaggerated. The end of the show is about to take a stand against sexual harassment. May be how it&#39;s made didn&#39;t get anyone or some of them will judge it but before watching it how can someone judge a show. 🌠🔥

Ye sab nashebaazi dikhana band Karo.... Saalo

Bakvassss

Only one Word &quot;Ghatiya +Bakwas&quot;

This Webseries......Shows The Vulgud Culture.......Being Followed In Bhatts Family and bollywood.   Porn N Sex Is  Are The Only Things In Mind And Talent Of BullyWeed.

bunch of man hating lesbians must&#39;ve came up with this shitty plot😂😂😂

Bycott Bhatt family all movies and series totally

Bycott netflix

Besharmo ko totally bycott karo . Agr apne bacho ko bachana hai.inko janta ap logo se kuch lena dena nahi hai. Yeh sirf apki feeling se khel kr paisa kamate hi vichar kare pls janta.

poker face pooja bhat

One more crap

Ban this show now

Disgusting.. i am shocked on these retards who will show 13yr old girl abusing drugs and selling herself because it her choice? they need to visit a doctor soon. Promoting child protitution now? how sick is that..

ek Chiz hoti hai movie mein Over acting karni but yeh log to Feminism mein bhi over acting kr rhe hai Matlab LEECHAD AADMI-JAAT  yeh ky matlab hua ki poore male community ko hi gira hua samjh liya hai.... yaar kuch bhi !...

Urduwood on rock in marathi speaking mumbai n maharastra

Tata.....bye byeThis series is permanently banned

अमृता सुभाष तुमच्याबद्दल आदर होता पण भगवतगीताचा अपमान करुन तुम्ही हिंदु नसल्याचा दाखला दिलात. माझ्या हिंदु बांधवानो ही वेबसिरीज बाँयकाँट व्हायलाच हवी. सलमान, अमीर खान, शाहरुख खान आता अमृता सुभाष. घरी जाऊन आईला विचारा भगवतगीतेबद्दल असा माझा डायलाँग होता आणि मी बोलले. मग बघा तुमच्या आईची प्रतिक्रिया. ... जय श्रीराम.

Ye jitani web series hai sab me do cheez to common hai vo hai sex aur gaalia

Har aadmi lichad ho gaya abb? Priyanka chopra bol de ki I need a man only for having kids tab toh sab changa si.... Hum hai problem bus? Meet the first white guy and marry him but indian men are good to have only kids 😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅

love you❤️❤️❤️

Bombay ka naam mat badnaam karo.har aurat ko survive karne k liye aise ghatiya cheezen karne ki zarurat nahi.Har aurat tum jaisi ni hoti.

Dimag ka halwa kar dala pooja

🤮🤮🤢🤢

Good series.let people watch salman khan movie, where everything is rose..real life is not always rose, art is never about only good, moral.. it is also about showing bad, immoral thing in the society.... but indian audience are not mature enough 2 watch such movies.

Over hyped story and over hyped characters

I have watched this series. And i must say i realy enjoyed pooja bhatt acting and dialogues.

It&#39;s time netflix india gets a warning from official agency

Its time to get offended 🤣🤣...why can&#39;t public follow SC rulling,&quot;if you don&#39;t like it,don&#39;t watch it&quot;...😛😛

What the hell is this?

Icici bank ka story hai kya

fucking feminism

🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱

India is the city of dreams?

bollywood....                  revolving to....pornwood....

What&#39;s wrong with pooja Bhatt

Ye kya bawasir bna diye ho be😂

I am here ro understand  the serious  but this trailer  naaa i don&#39;t  understand a thing

Ok so aurat k bistar se door bhagne ki ladai uske bistar pr jane par khatm hoti h 😂On one hand these feminists fight against husbands and marrital rapes and on other hand they empower themselves by sleeping with any man they find for &quot;survival&quot;

BOLLYWOOD SaCKS..

Anyone after polimer news

Don&#39;t waste ur time on useless series Amen

Streaming is stopped by government

Flop

Mumbai hone pr logo ko pta nahi kya illusion aa jata hai ki abhi to galat kaam krna hee padega verna successfully kaise honge , etna jyda overdramatise kisi or city main nahi dekhaya jata jitna mumbai ko project kiya jata hai

बेशरम बॉलीवुड वालो कुछ तो शर्म करो।तुम लोग क्या क्या बनाके के रख देते हो। नेटफ्लिक्स इंडिया वालो को ऐसे टॉपिक वाली फिल्मों से दूर रहना चाहिए।क्या बनाके रख देते हो चुटिया साले 😡😡

Filthy degenerate disgusting series.

Putting wrong image of the great city Mumbai again. Everything  cannot run with a single Bollywood view. And its Mumbai Not Bombay

इस प्रकार की गंदी वेब सीरीज लोग लाइक भी क्यूँ कर देते हें।

Censor on Bombay begums.L@ude Lag gay😂😂

Abe kabhi dhang ka kuch banaoge ya sirf ye sab gandagi hi show karoge ..

Flop karo

Koi series sex kiss gaali. Ke  Bina nhi ho Sakti hai kya

Actually Johnny Sins and Jordi were missing in this movie. They would have tasted Indian blend of fucking and kissing in this whole series. So finally South India understood how Mumbai corporates succeed in their lives actually soo called whole Mumbai.

Yeh to tattie hai

Predictable garbage

Dolimar news channel from Tn 🤣🤣🤣

Not interested

<b>SURVIVAL IS A BATTLE FOR WOMEN</b>

I jst came to say these trailer only beacuse of Filmy indian review on insta. 😅😂😂

Kya wahiyat banaya Hai Sahi hai Mahesh Bhatt ke Khandan Dan se or kya ummid ki ja Sakti hai thanks to NCC jisne ese containt ko aate hi khatam kardiya

More like real milfs of bombay.

&quot;Begum&quot; Interesting...Fatwa on the way...

मुंबई का स्ट्रगल और संघर्ष इंसान को हरामि से महाहरामि बना देता है

Netflix india is worse than present bollywood!!kya bawasir banadiya

Why does Bollywood&#39;s feminism keep revolving around Saxx, booz, male bashing and more Saxxx??

F g

Am glad GOI took decisions to restrict OTT platforms. Because there is nothing cool about teenage consuming drugs and indulging in casual sex. Sub-diversion of youth into thinking consuming drugs is cool and without realization they end up funding terrorism indirectly is not cool !

Yarr q kar rehe ho Netflix aisa Bollywood mat bano c*** kat denge

I feel like it was a replica of &quot;Give me four more shots please &quot; and what an unpleasant series it is. No honest character, drinking whenever put to difficult situation, cursing all the time, family life with a mess!

Pooja BhattGayi Bhais paani me

Sudhar jao salo zihadio

Why Bombay begums..... Why not bombay Biwis... Or Baiko??

<a href="">0:33</a> there she is.... Best actor among all others ... lily

Take down this shitty thing

Attention, NCPCR has banned this show for inappropriate scenes

Rok lag gai

aree humko to pata hi na chala chal kya rha hai. if anyone knows then please tell me

Ye mast series ko bhi ban kardenge 😪🥲

Awsm

Bold!

Nanga nach😀

Bullshit again&#39;

In every next movie, why they portray Mumbai city like THIS? Do every ambitious person who is trying to establish in MUMBAI has to go through this PROCEDURE?This is just Rubbish, cant call it a time pass movie.

यह मोहतरमा के पिताजी ने एक बार कहा था कि ये मेरी बेटी नहीं होती तो मैं पूजा से शादी कर लेता।बाप बेटी की फोटोज गूगल पर मिल जायेगी।इनका अपने पति से तालाक भी हो चुका हैं और तुम इनसे क्या उम्मीद कर सकते हो?

It&#39;s Streaming is stoped by NCC - National child commision

Switch the genders and you will still have the low quality BS that the b town people push down our throats in the name of content and modernity.Drugs, infidelity and unethical behaviour is not empowerment. I am glad the child rights body has asked netflix to stop streaming this blatantly sexist immoral show that portrays both men and women in the wrong light and pushes wrong teachings on the audience. Less than 10% Indians have the luxury of an English medium higher education that is needed to enter the corporate world, this content is as usual targeted for the upper middle class...the corporate sector employs a tiny minority of Indians, there is more significance in the story of women and men who struggle in slums, villages and lower middle class houses to achieve basic dignity and freedom and enable their future generations to lead a better life...from working as maids, clerks and receptionists to running auto rickshaws and becoming technicians and sending money back to the village to support their familiesBut ye b town ke log are as usual detached from reality and  live in their ivory towersThe world is already messed up, these shows only glorify the factors that make it messed up

I dont know why netflix india always produces a crap

Puri Dekhli Sabse wahiyat series hai

Feminist at its best with some dirty scenes won&#39;t make any series famous. Please try to find true stories rather than these types of fantasy.

What about halala.  Begum

Where is Swara Bhaskar???? 😀😀😀😀

Ye qa hai.... Mumbai ki apni crap zindagi ki dikkatein poora generalize krr rahe hai....Pooja bhatt 🤮🤮🤮

👎

Women empowerment can be shown in a positive way too not like this holy crap. 🙏🏻

Stupid show

इस शो की असलियत जाननी है तो जेम्स ऑफ बॉलीवुड पर पढ़ लो ।

Nonsense 👿

I watched it.. now I am thinking why did I watch it??Can I give 18k dislikes more??

Ic Bollywood shows movies about women only, it&#39;s made sure that it contains vulgarity since it&#39;s about &quot;Women&quot;. Big feminist dialogues and steamy scenes - that&#39;s how Bollywood makes movies on women.

Gandagi dikhate raho!!! Besharm Bollywood

Faltu

Bollywood’s definition of Women empowerment!! Sex, drugs, underage sex, more sex! What is the show trying to prove? Bollywood doesn’t know anything better. Netflix India is turning into a stooge!

Ghatiya

Netflix को भी amezon की तरफ up में बाबा जी मिलवाने का समय आ गया

Ghatiya

Do mot waste your money on any crappy Bollywood movie☹

G H A T I A

NDTv has given 3.5 star so u can imagine the content of this web series...Same NDTv has given uri as 1.5 star.. so randi Tv and this women&#39;s in web series are same

It&#39;s bullshit cheap web series.. non of the woman we like to watch for doing sex..They hv made this 2nd class web series with 3rd class female characters..

&quot;Leechad admi jaat&quot;That&#39;s how you fight for equality 🙌A series of the losers, by the losers, for the losers

Idiotic

Isse zyada gatiya trailer aaj tk nhi dekhe

Dark web series Hindi dubbed

Pooja bhatt looking good with Bassi voice ....... good

Kya raddi content he yarr kuch logic nahi kuch sikhane jesa nahi kuch allag sa dimag lagane wala nahi bus chu*** banao logo ko tharki sale

sometimes i feel these webseries are broadening the gap between male and female..... eventually they started hating each other.....and the way they justify cheating is just amazing 😂😂😂

I&#39;m just glad Ayesha got a place of her own in the end 😂

Fathima really needed to talk with her husband rather than keeping all her thoughts to herself. Aise carrer ka kya fayada agar wo tumko andar hi andar khaya jaa ra hai? Fatima you were the most irritating character.

Replace &quot; Leechad Aadmi Jaat &quot;With  &quot; Leechad Aurat Jaat &quot;  and watch the world burn with Cancel Culture Hashtags.It&#39;s a Nice dialogue but have a moment to think.

Totally nonsense

Fabulous Series... Raw And Real ❤️

Bekakr third class discussting

Despite of such loving and caring husband....the wife commits adultery and comes home and yells and fights at her own husband  .....Wow !!

A tale falsely represented in name of feminism. How can one make such rubbish content sparkle by urbanizing it and calling it the modern Bombay. It is a story of five spineless women with no self-respect looking for god knows what. What a waste of time. How about shine a light on these stereotypes to steer men and women on the righteous path of honesty and valuable relationships…

Netflix please make something good for india please

We want peaky blinders Hindi dubbed

It&#39;s like&#39; lipstick under my burkha&#39;

💩💩💩🤮🤢🤮🤮🤮

After the new guidelines, it&#39;s more likeSurvival is a battle for every OTT.😂

Kyu karte Ho Netflix bahiya.. Konsa Mal fokake khridte Ho

No series based on North East, Kashmir, West Bengal etc???

Kaysa lifestyle promote kar raha ho app log???🤮

I am here only to say one word, Bakwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas.   From SSRian.

This all is bullshit in the name of woman empowerment

Ye sab dikhane kya hasil hoga whi.............

Boycutt

Dhanda wale he sab kya dikha rahe he, valgarity or kuch he salooo

Why these days every single movie or song is glorifying the singlehood of women but why men are not cruel mankind as they are portrait.

bombay nahi  ...😎 मुंबई 😎 कोण पण उठ सूट  मुंबईत येवून मुंबईला bombay बोलतोय 😂 😁

We want dark hindi dubbed

Wasted of time

Lowra ka baal

Pooja Bhatt is such a strong and talented woman. She holds so much realism. If only she could stand up against her father who has caused so many deaths of innocent souls. I hope there will be change for all the women who are sexually abused.

Amazing trailer ❤❤ something real something different

Don’t get this people in that high society have everything but no honesty no one I found in this series is honest with them selves no respect.

Yeh bekarari kyu ho rahi hain..Yeh jaanata hi nahi..

If I go, I am taking the bank down with me.....coool XD

This is the best ever - it should win an award - speaks of the raw reality of life

Cringe

बूङी को अपनी जवानी का मलाल आ गयाजैसे बासी कढ़ी मे उबाल आ गया

Great!!! Woman power. Many many thanks to Netflix India..

Looks great. Don&#39;t know why people are hating on this? Cause it an all-female cast?

<a href="">1:18</a> Just imagine the Outrage if it said by a man to all women kind, but Misandry is ok.

Pooja Bhatt seems like copying Suhasini Mulay.

Bakwas.. Meaning ful movie

छीनाक वापस आ गई पूजा भट्ट😁😁

This series is best example of india&#39;s fu***d Up so called high society life style and specially the women who tries to become man.

Just saw it. What a great masterpiece.The women&#39;s life is so beautifully enacted just loved it . We definitely need more movies like thiss ✨💖

It&#39;s so beautiful to see pooja  bhatt back,lovely actually pooja we want to see u more and more lovely acting as CEO enjoyed seeing whole episodes

Pooja Baat is back I love it

If uncontrolled sex and hook-up portray the evolved definition of feminism then this one is for the people to watch.

The question is how dirty are pooja bhatts teeth

mumbai ki high class randiyon ki kahani,,,,,,,

&quot;Leechad aadmi jaat&quot; wow ab aaye apni asli jat pe

❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️

FEMINISM is more dangerous then TERRORISMBcoz u can&#39;t control mad woman

Day by day Bollywood is getting filth Nd these web series with FEMINISM making more cringe

Another FEMINIST chutiypa with unlimited sex nd ABUSING men

Worst trailer........why every time women are portrayed as victim.........in every situation women are getting far more advantage than man still....they want to be shown themselves as victim ...........women can easily cheat a man which is their choice but when man does that it&#39;s a big issue........women get special queue special reservation and still they are like &quot; we have been objectified , we don&#39;t need equal rights blah blah&quot;...............

Ishe acha me tmkoc dekhleta hu... 🤦🏻‍♂️

bollywood के हिसाब से औरत सिर्फ बिस्तर के काम आती ही🤬🤬🤬

Again netflix is king

Kon kon filmindian ki thumbnail dekhakar aya he😂

Who is here after filmi indian review 😂🤣🤣👍

Aao kabhi Delhi 😂

<b>Ek baat batao bhai SEX scene kyun dalte hoo??</b>

Bombay begums has to have the season 2 ..i mean without this its incomplete and itss so unfair to do that !!

As usual! Act shitty and blame all men... wonder why i&amp;b ministry has nothing to say about denigration of men in OTT.. now they have added children abusing drugs and as in every alankrita shrivastav films glorified adultery

It&#39;s honestly one of the best show of 2021.. Loved it.. Beautifully made great show..

Bombay nahi bolaneka only Mumbai

What a bakwas movie

complete waste of time, the show is about upper caste men, women and their crappy problems, with a sprinkling of feminism, me too, saviour syndrome and stereotypical projection of lower castes.

This is the most intimate web series of my all time 😁😁

When men cheat it&#39;s funny film/show but when women cheat it&#39;s a thriller 🤣 Hypocrisy 👏👏

Pls DARK HINDI DUBBED PLZ

Its mumbai... Not bombay

Again wrong way of expressing women empowerment just making men villains in society 😒

Just here to count the number of comments which read &quot;Survival is a battle for everyone, not just women&quot; lol.

Such a stupid illogical show.This is what Netflix has to offer us?

Kachara.. bahut sunder kachara.. mar jao sb ke sb.. tumme se koi bhi jeevit raha to duniya khatam

This isn&#39;t called woman empowerment

Leechad admi community vaah bahi

Watching the Netflix series from New York. Pooja Bhatt hasn&#39;t aged well. That being said, everyone has acted well. Binge watching the whole thing tonite😊

The makers/Actors of this show are Morally/Ethically bankrupt just like our “pieceful” neighbours. I’d rather sell my souls than watch this filth. 🙏

Give Mumbai power to women for 24 hours and see what happens!! This women empowerment looks good in webseries, entertainment industry and gossip channels but in reality women don’t know what to do when power is given to them... they can resolve personal grudges issues ONLY!!!!!

Netflix has done it again of making garbage series and Indian actors kissing the BEHINDS of whites thru NETFLIX TRASH

Hello Netflix India, When is Marvel&#39;s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D going to stream on Indian Netflix Server

Why are there so many dislikes? This looks amazing!

Pooja Bhatt is so much in to over-acting

This show is sooooo amazing.. Pooja Bhatt&#39;s come back is superb.. Thank you Netflix..

After seeing this I remember one thing from bill burr&#39;s standup - If I agree with her may be she will touch it ......😂😂😂

Netflix tere se na ho paega

Bakwas

Is this 18+ unrated??

Trailer heh itna bakawas hai ab kya bole.

Not interested i m not interested

Every dialogue is bullshit!

Western crap wearing Indian saree!

GANDWI LAG RHI HAI POOJA BHATT

Kota Factory 2 kaha ha bahunke l**e

Bekar

Shame on you ashraf butt

🙄 I couldn&#39;t watch it for more than 15 mins. Those 15 mins was a treachery! Kindly stop adding English dialogues and  kisses in the Indian corporates elevators.Time to get real ...nobody speaks like the casts did in real life . Btw.. Speaking of which....casting  is just 🤮

Gosh pooja bhatt looks like a witch. Karma pays back....

Brilliant show🔥🔥

Another flop .....

Good to see puja buttI love the whole family members

Pooja is still beautiful compare to Aalia 😀 in both acting and looks

english translation - Bombay Milfs

Pooja can act atleast

Looks great but why is the dubbing so off?

Survival is a battle for everyone not only woman.

Survival is the battle for every woman- reality to its core

Worest website is here all bloody flop in one website irrateing part is of Fathima

<a href="">0:57</a>

Pooja Bhatt :)

Vivek gomber ❤️❤️❤️

Arre yaar, Manish Chaudhary ko har film, tv series pe tum log villain hi kyun banate ho? Woh itna achcha acting karta hai. Kabhi toh dang ka role do. :/

Is it copied from bengali movie criscross

Trailer sounds good

Survival is a battle for everyone but more for a woman.

wrong &quot;survival is a battle for every human being&quot; in today&#39;s chaotic environment...

❤️Some women are born to rule... we call them Women.... ❤️

Ek side women ko equality chaye and ek side women ko special treatment chaye.

Lanaat bhej ke agey chale.

Pooja bhatt is class apart❤️❤️❤️

looks promising

Where there is a King there is a Queen. Where there is a crowd there is a pole dance... :-)) Nice trailer...

This is a clear adaptation and almost a duplicate of the Bengali movie Criss-cross.

Queens 👸 right there

<a href="">1:16</a> And Here we go.... Feminism 😂😂😂

OMG... It&#39;s amazing to see Pooja Bhatt on-screen. I remember her from back in the late 80s and 90s - she was breaking down conventional barriers back then. Pooja looks soooo good in this series, as well as the other actresses. Shahana too is mesmerising - she was sublime in A Suitable Boy, it&#39;s rare to see female characters such as Meenakshi, she played her so beautifully well. Looking forward to catching this show!

I litreally wana banned this movie hate bhatttttts

Finally netflix is back with a great content.

Wow Pooja is back! Will watch for her. She was always a great performer but never got her due. Good luck team Bombay Begums.

M glad they used the word &#39; Bombay&#39;.I was born there.Mumbai somehow I can&#39;t bring myself to say

That awkward moment when you confuse shahana goswami with Swara bhasker. Lol

To The Early Squad Reading this: Sending Virtual Hugs to everyone who need it always stay safe read my name🧡

New feminists&#39; Bawasir !

Why she ever stop acting? Had a lot of charachter

Poor mans Bollywood wives of Bollywood or something?!?? 😏😬🤣 kuch Bhi..

<b>Everything&#39;s same on Netflix India. It&#39;s just English class ki Gandi Baat! Alankrita Shrivastav worked with Ekta Kapoor on AltBalaji for long time. That&#39;s why it&#39;s the same bs here.</b>

Release Date: 8th March 2021.

Society me Men ke life bhi hell bana hai kuchh women k chalte. Uss mudde bhi banani chahiye. Hypocracy q?

Arre yaar &quot;mumbai maharani&quot; rakh dete naam 😂

Refreshing to see Pooja Bhatt on screen after ages...

Is it me or does Pooja Bhatt has a lisp?

Pooja Bhatt awesome 😎.... Always top on the high society 😜

Poooja Bhaaat

Vivek Gomber is my favourite new actor! I mean the damn consistency - Court, Sir and now this - you see he is here for a second and it seems so damn real.Amruta Subhash is the  real queen &lt;3. (Her character here seems a little bit like my masi so looking forward to see her performance!)

Bakwas

Mumbai Rani likhte toh zyaada accha hota.🙄

Its good

&quot;Survival is a battle of every living thing in the planet earth.&quot; - maybe that is a better quote. 😒

Came to watch vivek gomber....i just love his performance.  But in this trailer his appearance is very short 😥

Absolute trash . Downvote this rubbish.

I see vivek gomber, I watch the damn thing

Pooja looks on 🔥🔥🔥

It would be nice if they stick to native language not trying to be something they are not.

is it really essential? these fucked up nonsense series.

Checking the trailer only coz of  &quot;Pooja Bhatt&quot; after a long long time 🙂

RUBBISH!

Killer casting!!!!... happy to see pooja bhat! .

I am gonna see this for Vivek Gomber.

&quot;Survival is a battle for every women&quot; this line really touched my heart💙. Hope so it will release soon🌻

India m kya Bombay h future k liye baas.. blackmoney ko white karne ke liye movie banate raho.. ott to kar hi dega

Power bodies minds which become story for Netflix.

How necessary it has become to show men as a pervert and hungry wolf for sex in the webseries showing women lives for the sake of pseudo feminism..there’re many men out there who work for females more than any female..stop generalising men as behasi aadam jaat.Feminism means empowering woman not abusing men.

Women&#39;s LIB , the emancipation of the male continues!

Gomber has my ❤

Yay..pooja Bhatt n I click

Plabita borthakur♥️♥️

Why they are looking like zombies

Bombay Begum ❤️❤️❤️

&quot;Burn the queen at the stake if you will. You can&#39;t destroy her&quot; impressed!

Only hype... No story... Useless copied content

It seems a great awesome series

What&#39;s the name of the song playing in the background?

why got a similar plot vibe of Crisscross, a bengali movie?

highly interesting

drag queens ?

This is the season I sold my flat in Mumbai and moved to Chennai!!

&quot;leechad admi jaat&quot; said no begum when the movie was being  made by MEN.

Cringe

<b>Show/movie where 1% freedom is given to women and they&#39;re the centric characters exists</b>Some men: HOW DARE YOU?!

HindiPlz=♥Maravan..Sathya2..Ranarangam..PadipadiLechemanasu..Mahanubhavudu..RDXLOVE..KanniRasi..JADA..Aruvam..Kalavani2..Dasharatha..ARJUNA..KALKI..ROCKY..Thorati..Khakii..Visaaranai..Pogaru....DKBOSE....Sathurangavetta....VAA..Virus.....JOker.....MEI.....Tiyaan..NINE..Oppam...Agnidev...Nightout..Mafia..K13..8MMBullet...Premadesam....Vettai...Yatra...Tesla...OrukuppaiKathai....Ntapethunai..Rgvvangaveeti....Rgvattack...Rgvlakshmi....Naanthondan...Theevandi...Kaamuki....Bhayanakam....Ninuthathalachi...ThappuThanda....Ranga....Biju....Sakhavu....JilJungjunk....Kaali....Jigarthanda2.....OruAdaar....Vettai....Titanic...Kaalidas...Nindrukolvaan...Pellichoopulu...Njaan...Kali....Charlie...CIA...Lens...Indian...Taramani...Vaa...Nota...Thegidi...Kalki..Mask...Asuran..Vairajavai..28&#39;c....FalaknumaDas...Evaru...Kshanam...Dongata...Kiss....90ML...CHINA....Party...VenkatApuram....PuthanPanam...Thobama....Vaaimai....kolaigaran....PonManickavel....SigramThodu....VelvetNagaram...Theeviram....Sathurangavetta2....Serversundaram...Thorati..Srirastu...Peruchazhi...Uttamavillain....Arimanambi...Kuttramethandanal..Nonsense....Naam....MrLocal....Hero...Seemaraja....Superdeluxe....Purampokku...ImaikkaaNodigal....Vasuki.....AmjaliCbi....Purampokku....100....118....Tharangam.....ALLURamendran...Sundaram....Dandupalyamg.....Bramman...Gypsy.....AanDevathai.......Kaali......Naragasooran...TamizhPadam2...Arjunsuravaram....47DAYs....EnaiNlokipaayumThota....DHrum....VanjagarUlagam...EEMAYAU.....।।.....

I am nt going 2 watch this

WOW this looks promising.

Why Netflix India always calls &quot;Mumbai&quot; as Bombay. Its changed Bombay to &quot;MUMBAI&quot; in 1995. Are you living in which universe?

Here for manish choudhary and pooja bhatt.... most underrated actors....

Bollywood and Netflix = Let’s give the wrong idea of Feminism by portraying negative  attitude towards the male gender and bash them relentlessly because according to bollywood all men are vulturesGood job Netflix for screwing up the youth even more 👏👏👏👏

These are the real housewives of Mumbai.

bakwas

Same woke content just changing gender... Anyway anyone not seen a trailer of zombievali,  man.... You are missing something in your life go and watch it!!!!!......

Bullshit series

Aadami jaat! This word is sexiest and generalising all men.

Has the Pakistani web series “churails” vibe

why bombay its mumbai you need to speak it with pride can&#39;t you jst say mumbai ohh you feel its not classy enough

Survival is battle for not only women but also for men. Reconsider this one

Frankly speaking, the trailer could have been more appealing. Being a Maharastrian I will be biased towards Amruta and IMO she steals the show in this trailer. Somehow i feel this is Netflix&#39;s take on Four More Shots.

Mx player material on Netflix 🙄

कल जो मेरे साथ📗♻️🔀 अश्लील🎬 हरकत🙆🏾 हुई उसके🚗 सीधे👧🏻 सीधे जिम्मेवार राकेश🐮 टिकैत🚣🏻 योगेन्द्र🎐 यादव है मै दिल्ली🙅🏿🐧🐏 पुलिस📋 से💮 मांग📚👸🏼 करती🛁 हूं इन👛 दोनों को🎐♣️👍🏿 जल्द💝📖🕘 से👴 जल्द⭐️🌜😭 गिरफ्तार🙎🏻➰😄😮 करें👏🏻 मै🐱 एक🌑 पत्रकार➖📧 नहीं🏠🚴🏼🚗 महिला भी हूं.

Hegelian dialectics I see. To overcompensate the male dominated past we are being fed half assed woman empowering content. It is not wrong, but neither does it contribute to actual art.

Average trailer vs average movie ya series👍👍👍👍

Song name?

Bhatts..why there was no family like that in Game of Thrones?Rhea and Mahesh Bhatt, Pooja Bhatt and Mahesh Bhatt.Still people accept them.The public.We feed on what they give, the elite ruling families.Even lannisters were dignified than them.

Woohhh.  Good to see Puja Bhatt and Amruta Subhash... Must be good one

Another cringefest ugh

Mehngha 4 more shots !!!

Happy to see Pooja Bhatt on screen after long time

SURVIVAL IS THE BATTLE FOR EVERYONE,NOT WOMEN .....

Gosh am sooooooo glad Pooja Bhatt is acting again!!!She is an amaaaaazing actor, one of my favourite! Also way better actor than director 🙈

Pooja bhatt always in my favourite list, looking forward to watch this new ...

Pooj batt 😘😘😘😘

Looks powerful!!!👌

love pooja... she does not follow the stereotypical methods of others

suhana’s husband was vivek gomber in suitable buy wasn’t it?

Yeh Pooja Bhatt here is sasti Jessica Pearson from suits.

pooja bhatt looks odd. acting and dialogue deliveryis odd.....

That is a fact... Bombay Begums are on another level...compared to rest....of alls...

Happy to see pooja bhatt here..❤️❤️❤️❤️

Suru hogai bakchodi

Pooja bhat still luks 🔥

Looks more like megabores of Bombay.Same old feminist idiocy.

It’s good to see Pooja Bhatt on screen after decades!

AND POOJA BHATT IS BACK!!! I was so disappointed when in Sadak 2 they said Pooja would be back and then showed her only in voiceover and flashbacks. It was nice seeing Bhatt sahab back, but even then. Grew up watching her on screen. Bhatt sahab, you may have produced many great films throughout your career, but your best production so far is your two daughters, Pooja and Alia. Am waiting eagerly!!!

Abey Arshi Khan ka naam q nhi mention kiya hai be

So glad to seePooja Bhatt again after so long

Bhatts camp  ke don wapis  aygai.....

Some of the people in the comments section literally throwing tantrums because the series is women-centric shows why more such series should be made. There are some men alleging misandry because the series shows women trying to take charge of their lives. Proves they have such fragile egos! No wonder such series keep getting under their skin! I am happy to see though that along with women, there are a few male commenters too with stable egos who are speaking up and cutting the crap.

Bollywood boycot only shushant realty acting talented ab tumlogo ko waqt aagya hai hmaara road pe lane ka time

It&#39;s MUMBAI not BOMBAY. Netflix should correct it.

ludo ke bad se koi achi movie nahi ayi netflix pe

Faltu

Survival is a battle for every woman  that&#39;s true

DINO MOREA IS LOOKING GOOD IN CHARACTER

Why is Pooja Bhatt back to acting ?

Seems all the actors have been drugged before shooting. 🤦🤦💁🏽‍♂️

If you had casted Swara Bhaskar in this you could have get more dislikes... Pitrasttatmak

&quot;Society can&#39;t go beyond women&#39;s body and choices&quot; now that is dialogue of the year breathtaking and heart wrenching.Edit: series was bad. Totally wronged the whole idea of feminism. But this quote is still heart-wrecking to me(not related to series in general if we conclude it with the debauchery happening nowadays) and gentlemen stop insinuating unnecessary fight. Chill. 💀

I finally found a geniune comment section!

Are you nuts, this not a Bombay, this is Mumbai, you fools, will you call Madras to Chennai, will you call Calcutta to Kolkata, No na, then why you calling Bombay to Muumbai, this is Mumbai and only Mumbai

Mumbai not Bombay😡😡

Kya jhand bnya bkwas lullywood netflix ko bhi le bitega.

Ye kuch dhanshu lag raha hain

Another pseudo feminism crap. Dangal movie is the best example of women empowerment.

Reality 🔥🔥🔥

Who thinks this is inspired from Chanda Kochhar&#39;s story.....

Waiting for psuedo feminists to applaud this trailer 😂😂

Male bashing, feminist series

Pooja Bhattttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Oh god I actually screamed. 😂

Amruta Subhash ❤️❤️❤️

All i realy enjoyed in this trailer is amruta subhash.

Thi is a copy work of Bengali series named as crisscross. 😒

Pooja bhatt kissing मुझे उल्टी आ रही है 🤮🤮🤣🤣,, दांत देखना इसके सभी दांतों में कीड़े लगे हुए है 😬😬😬😬🤪🤪😝😝😝😝

Bas pseudo feminism mat dikha dena

Here for aadhya❤️

So much capitalism. No credits to the director and technical staff of the series!!

So much capitalism. No credits to the director and technical staff of the series!!

Will watch only for Amruta Subhash...

Pooja bhatt brought me here

Begums Jihad

Amruta subhash 😍😍😊😊🙏🙏

So glad to see Pooja bhatt

Pooja bhatt brings out her reality through these

Great idea, I am skeptical on the execution. We’ll see how it turns out. Might be a banger but might be yet another telenovela.

When is this coming out?

Pooja bhatt perfect for this role.More keen to watch Amruta subhash kulkarni.

what a comeback for poooojaa! fingers crossed for this being a winner!watched her last in everybody says i am fine. she was thumbs up!!

One and only Amruta Subhash...My Favorite...Good Comeback Pooja bhatt...Superb Trailer

Just one word for Pooja Bhatt &quot;wow&quot;

Brilliant come back by Pooja Bhatt

&quot;Survival is a battle for every woman&quot;. So true

When i want goosebumps I came here and enjoy myself

Maha flop

Survival  is battle  for  every individual not for only women..

Pooja is Amazing.... I wanna see her performance  specialy again...

Boy: will you marry me  ?Girl: do you have a house ?Boy: No, but ?Girl: do you have a BMW car ?       Boy : No, but ?Girl : how much is your salary ? Boy : no salary, but ?Girl : you have Nothing, how can I marry you, just leave me, please.Girl leaves.Now Boy talking to himself : I have one villa, 3 plots, 1 ferrari, 2 porsche, 1 Lamborghini, why I still need to buy a cheapBMW, and how can I get salary when actually I am the boss.MORAL :    Don&#39;t judge anyone without knowing the whole thing,  be a listener ..If you enjoyed the story plz do “ SUBSCRIBE ” to my channel, I have to reach 2k .And I m sure u will love my content.have a nice day..

So very true.. woman should survive everything for survival

Thumbs up for Amruta Subhash!

Is there anything on Men ?Ever ?

Pooja ❤️

अरे ये भारत है या अमेरिका हिंदी फिल्म है अंगरेजि नाही यार कभी तो पुरी बात हिंदी मे बोला करो फिल्म या फिर पुरा अंगरेजि बना लो फिल्म हिंदी शिखो और बोलो

Jaanbuz k bombay bombay baonk rahi h sab

Looks promising.

Ok

So true concept 😉❤️ .

Pooja Bhatt the amazing actress.  Her fan since Dil Hai ke Manta Nahin 😍

HindiPlz=♥Maravan..Sathya2..Ranarangam..PadipadiLechemanasu..Mahanubhavudu..RDXLOVE..KanniRasi..JADA..Aruvam..Kalavani2..Dasharatha..ARJUNA..KALKI..ROCKY..Thorati..Khakii..Visaaranai..Pogaru..DKBOSE..Sathurangavetta..VAA..Virus..JOker..MEI..Uru..Tiyaan..NINE..Oppam...Agnidev...Nightout..Mafia..K13..8MMBullet...Premadesam....Vettai...Yatra...Tesla...OrukuppaiKathai....Ntapethunai..Rgvvangaveeti....Rgvattack...Rgvlakshmi....Naanthondan...Theevandi...Kaamuki....Bhayanakam....Ninuthathalachi...ThappuThanda....Ranga....Biju....Sakhavu....JilJungjunk....Kaali....Jigarthanda2.....OruAdaar....Vettai....Titanic...Kaalidas...Nindrukolvaan...Pellichoopulu...Njaan...Kali....Charlie...CIA...Lens...Indian...Taramani...Vaa...Nota...Thegidi...Kalki..Mask...Asuran..Vairajavai..28&#39;c....FalaknumaDas...Evaru...Kshanam...Dongata...Kiss....90ML...CHINA....Party...VenkatApuram....PuthanPanam...Thobama....Vaaimai....kolaigaran....PonManickavel....SigramThodu....VelvetNagaram...Theeviram....Sathurangavetta2....Serversundaram...Thorati..Srirastu...Peruchazhi...Uttamavillain....Arimanambi...Kuttramethandanal..Nonsense....Naam....MrLocal....Hero...Seemaraja....Superdeluxe....Purampokku...ImaikkaaNodigal....Vasuki....KolaiyuthirKaalam.....AmjaliCbi....Purampokku....100....118....Tharangam.....ALLURamendran...Sundaram....Dandupalyamg.....Bramman...Gypsy.....AanDevathai.......Kaali......Naragasooran...TamizhPadam2...Arjunsuravaram....47DAYs....EnaiNlokipaayumThota....DHrum....VanjagarUlagam...EEMAYAU.....।।.....

मुंबई...  Bombay nai..

Eagerly waiting....

All cheap ladies in one web series

Here for Pooja bhattFinally she is backTremendous acting ability she has❤️

Here for Pooja bhattFinally she is backTremendous acting ability she has❤️

I will purchase netflix to watch queens

🥱

Love pooja bhatt

Wow Pooja Bhatt

Like chudails part 2

Pooja kembali berlakon sudah lama X tengok dia berlakon. Last sekali tengok dia berlakon sekitar tahun 90an.

Very interesting...seeing pooja bhatt in a bitch Avatar... after a real long time...

Bombay 😂😂😂 really.. it&#39;s mumbai.. shame..

Losers

Survival is a battle for every woman👍.... specially when you start asking for respect and equality in all arenas of life

Why bomaby this is Mumbai

Bhaag

kucho samaj nhi aya

English bol bol k esi tesi karwaa lo apni

Pooja Bhatt ❤️

Wow.....pooja bhatt is back...and looking so awesome

It reminds me of The devil wear prada🤨

Lichad admi jaat! Wow. Can there be any power packed female movie without male bashing? I guess NO.

Man r wrong but not All .... comment लीचड आदमी जात is not good ...Overall It’s good 1

Hats off to whoever has selected the cast 👏👏👏

Stop copying pakistani soaps, &#39;Churails&#39;

Another anti-male seudo feminist series

Another bullywood movie to destroy concept of women empowerment through man hating.......

Churails k jese bnae. Copy

I don&#39;t know but I feel this is showing feminism by showing men are bad type thing

Congratulations pooja bhatt buddhi ho gayi apne baap jaise 😎😀😂😎😀😂

Only for vivek gomber  ❤

Pooja Bhatt and Amruta Subhash look promising... The girl playing Ayesha is just generally irritating..

I hope this doesn&#39;t turn out as a false feminism like &#39;4 more shots please&#39;

Yes ture survival is the battle for every woman..waiting too for this

Waiting for Shiv Sena and MNS for changing the title

Another flop from Netflix India - feminist edition

Licchad aadmi jaat? Whoa! So the entire male population of this planet is cheap. Way to go feminists. Way to go Netflix.  Any kind of publicity will help, right?

Licchad aadmi jaat? Whoa! So the entire male population of this planet is cheap. Way to go feminists. Way to go Netflix.  Any kind of publicity will help, right?

Ewwww Pooja bhat the Daughter of of a well known “murderer”! Guys ignore this stupid thing!

Daru aapko kaise badal deta hai......puja Bhatt ko dekh lo

CHANDA KOCH 111 ,,,,, ki biopic lag rahi hai

Pooja Bhat Is on fire.... So Good She is... 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥

Not bad

Trashhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Bakwaas randipane waala web series 🤣🤣🤣

Survival is a necessity for every woman!

Abe salo Bombay nahi mumbai

Why every female lead movie shows mens as villains of society?Why the representation of villen is shown by gender not by nature or intentions there is no relation between gender and bad intentions

Bakwaas

Oh!! Begums on women&#39;s Day!....good 👍

I Like the Name Bombay Begums.

Rhea chakraborty&#39;s step daughter. Lol

exciting

Ass ho**es bhat khandan..😡🤬

Omg the actor from Sir!!! Such a sweet man

The starcast... the lines.. the acting... so apt...

That&#39;s why once upon a time a famous mysterious brutal beautiful Queen from an unknown kingdom said- &quot; though I am woman sometimes I don&#39;t understand other women&quot;.....

Netflix has fired the guy who replies 🥰 to comments

Chalo let&#39;s play controversy..Bombay nahi Mumbai !! 😊

Shahana goswami and vivek gomber❤️❤️❤️

Looks like POO is back!!...

Leechad aadmi jaat ? .. seriously Netflix ..Too much sexism

Bombay Bombay Bombay tum logo ko aur koi jgah nhi milti india me😂

Oh I wish I was casted in this🔥🥰

Ek sach ye v hai ki- Society ko bollywood jism k alawa kuchh dikha v nhi sakti.

Now I don&#39;t have to watch the movie because you just narrated in less than 2 minutes. Thanks tho.

Netflix...U beauty 🤘🤘🤘

Interesting

Sadak 2 ke bad koi Acchi movie kar rahi hai Pooja Bhatt

Hindi Kab aiyega ???,😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆

Actually, the scripted line is most correct and relevant survival is a battle for every woman especially at &quot;economic capital&quot; only............

can&#39;t say anything here before watching full movie

Reporter:How far will you go to survive in this city?Actress:I will sit on the lap of my FATHER and kiss him on lips !!!!😉

Yeh kab hua 🤔🤔

Now we wait for someone to get offended   by the series when it releases .....😆😆😆

Looked like another cringey show like Fabulous lives of Bollywood wives from the title. But, from the trailer looks really good. Hope it is.

feministic

Society sirf body dekhti hai or ye kya dekhti hai sirf paisa

Pooja bhatt looks like divya dutta

if this is not full of crap then it could work let&#39;s see

OH MY GOD!!!!! Pooja Bhatt ... .. finally !!!! looking forward to this one with bated breath . Alankrita being the director just amplifies the WOW factor ...

Amruta Subhash gonna steal the show.

Ek or pseudo feminist movie...

I hate Bhatt

Wah ladys nice act😀😀👌👌👌👌👌👌👌 i wil see this bombay begums

<b><a href="">1:22</a></b><b> for a moment i thought it&#39;s Chanda Kochar&#39;s biopic</b>

Survival is the battle of every one .. not only womens.... One more bullshit .. 😷😷

kya hai yeh sab kuch dikha diya trailer mai

Amazing

The story seems really nice but tbvh it lacks acting

Netflix is getting cliche with these feminism stuff

Looking forward!

Everything is good but Pooja Bhatt koi aur nhi milli😒😒😒🥴

Aamir Logo ke chohale

Amruta Subhash Keep rocking girl ..

Over acting Web series

Now this is called real women empowerment

It looks copy of chudail

one more pseudo feminism movie yukkk

I&#39;m from earth plz support my youtube channel frnds

plabita borthakur looks a lot like ramya subramaniam..

Pooja bhatt is lookimg like the lady from the adams family cartoon series  and a 1990s hollywood movie by the same name... So dark..

another feminist propoganda film

Dikhana sex hi h kya?... Kb uthogey sex se upar?...Kab humari society ko samjh ayega genital organ is only for reproductive purposes...not entertainment....

Hello Netflix India. I have one question. Is the movies on Netflix India different from movies of Netflix In South Africa especially with regard to Hindi movies. When you promo a Hindi movie for release on Netflix India will it also be available on Netflix South Africa?

Ghatiya

Girl playing ayesha does similar roles always.

There are very rare actresses like Amruta Subhash, I&#39;ve seen her in Shwaas, Killa, Raman Raghav, Gully Boy and Choked. Someone so natural in acting can actually do any damn role. Radhika Apte, Tillotama Shome, Rasika Duggal, Shefali Shah, we need to discuss and celebrate them more. Else they will be lost.Film Companion or Rajeev Masand, please call them for a round table for the work they&#39;ve done.

If the show is based in early days then the makers will surely get some bashing for the title. 💯%

Quite an interesting trailer

🙄पहले में गरीब था फिर मेने फ्री फायर खेलना शुरू किया अब में भिखारी बन गया😭

here for the guy who makes a name so soothing &#39;Ratna&#39;

I am not a can of this cast but definitely going to watch it as a women. Everything smelt filmy and feministic but at the end when Bhatt hotties said “ SURVIVAL IS A BATTLE FOR EVERY WOMAN” aaah 😒i think i felt “ i am gonna watch it” vibe😅😍

Thanks to this trailer I now know the entire plot, no need to waste time on Netflix

Survival is a battle for every Womwen!!!!!!!!

Survival is the battle for everyone who fight for his Or her dignity and respect and peace

Amrita subhash too good... welcome back Pooja bhatt 🤟

Sab Kuch trailer mein hi maloom pad Gaya 😂😂😂 netflix jai ho 🥴

I don’t know about you, but we’re always looking for little love quotes to use in flirty text messages or sentimental love letters! These would be absolutely perfect on vinyl or on a wall print to use for decor in your home, too!💋😘

Controversy alertMumbai not bombay

Looks like bengali movie crisscross

Bombay nahi re MUMBAI

These types of feminists movie must be stopped.

The trailer saves me 118 mins. Thanks for summarizing the movie in 2 mins. There hardly would be anything interesting they haven&#39;t shown in the trailer.

Loving it

Pooja bhatt❤

Here for Amruta Subhash. Stellar class! First Gullyboy the Choked now this ❤️

Looking very promising

Why Netflix can&#39;t get over Mumbai..I mean there are other cities too..😑😑

Love pooja bhat from i was 17

Vivek gomber 👍

❤️❤️❤️❤️

If I didn’t blink even once! It says something

Music???

Pooja Bhatt 😍😍

This is giving me major &#39;Churails&#39; vibe.Edit : Zee5 &#39;Churails&#39; (for people who don&#39;t know )which I  Ioved btw.

Today I went to my Girlfriend&#39;s house. As usual I cracked a funny Joke. under her Bed laugh so Hard ?

Here we go again with a brand new completely original much needed tale of &#39;fiesty feminists&#39; like we weren&#39;t bombarded enough by hollywood already.🤦🏻‍♂️ How about show tales form the rural side of India where feminism is actually needed rather than these privileged women campaigning for useless initiatives?🤷🏻‍♂️ But yeah couldn&#39;t expect much anyways from Alankrita Shrivastava and considering her 2 previous ventures it&#39;s really not that surprising tbh. She has what we call a twisted and narrow idea of what feminism should stand for. Pretty pathetic if you ask me✌🏻

Now a days actress r so genuine act,, seriously

Sometimes I feel that these kinds of shows/movies empower the women...But in the back of my mind... I think they are also widening the gap between men and women at large... Because as a man I feel that in India, instead of gender equality...we are moving from domination of one gender to domination of other...Comment if you agree🙏🙏 because I always wanted to express it and today I think I got correct words for it🙏

surprised this doesnt have dislikes like other mahesh bhatt family works

We need more movies like this. ❤️❤️

Male Bashing * 100

How many of you are here to watch vivek gomber😍?

MX player p realease kro

Girl : I want Someone who will Never Leave me, When I Say &quot;leave me&quot;.Xavier : It means you want  &quot;Traffic Police&quot;

Today is my birthday 🎂🎈🎈🎂.

So glad Sara Basker is NOT in this movie.... F00KIN IRRITATING

Its directed by alankrita and ppl r shitting on it Dude I&#39;m hella excited

Here only for Vivek gomber from sir !!

🔥🔥

Pooja Bhatt ❤❤❤

So true survival is the battle for every woman 👩 🙏👏 waiting ........

<a href="">1:21</a> that&#39;s copied from the morning show

Superb trailer one of the fascinating stories about women and mumbai 😍👍

Feminism! 🤭

survival is a battle for every woman 🔥🔥🔥 hard

Pooja bhatt seems like have done so much plastic surgery n make up on her face. Looks plastic

<b>New Virus Arrived</b>

Looks good. Woman&#39;s day special release I guess. All the best 😊

Indian men seeing a female centric show that is not about being a mother or sister:My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined

Koi Indian lesbian love web series lao Netflix pe please

We want Pokémon journeys  in india plzzz

Can&#39;t wait for this Netflix india on 🔥

Excited

From trailer it feels Poor casting and poor acting by leading cast..

Looking great👍. Count me in🙌. Can&#39;t wait to see scam 1992 for the 4th time😌

Survival is a battle for every woman ‐ big meaning... How many can even understand .

It&#39;s Exciting to see pooja bhatt on screen

I only open Netflix India trailers to see how much men- hatred will be there in the name of feminism. Achhi story banani to ghanta aati nahi inko

Surprisingly this looks good!

यह क्या बवासीर बना दिए हो नेटफ्लिक्स 😪😤😤 <a href="">0:02</a>

Dharam sath mein jarur hona chahie

Okay I have to be honest; this looks amazing! Pooja Bhatt is a very powerful actress. Her performance in Zakham is still remembered and appreciated. I think she never got her due for that film. I’m really excited for this one.

I have Telegram ❤️❤️

<a href="">1:16</a> that dialogue agr kisi aadmi ne just iska ulta bola hota to ye scene cut krne tk ki naubat aa jati

❤️🔥

It&#39;s Mumbai....not Bombay

It&#39;s a combination of four more shots and fabulous lives.It&#39;s called TOXIC RETURS🤣🤣🤣andaz ek ka or script doosre ki bas ban gai ek or Bollywood film🤣🤣🤣

It should be Mumbai not bombay

Criminal

netflix if you pin my comment bombay begums will be hit

History tells, queens make more sacrifices then kings, but no one see.....

The trailer as usual looks like an exceptionally cliche script with bad narrations and everything predictable and irritating and yet I&#39;ll still download this movie from Telegram because it has my FREAKING VIVEK GOMBHER IN IT!!!! +RAHUL BOSE! EVEN IF IT&#39;S FOR MERE SECONDS BOTH OF THEM ARE WORTH ITT!!!!!

Totally garbage

It&#39;s gonna be delight watching pooja bhatt. Grown up watching her movies

Arun and meenakshi❤️😍

Survival is the battle of every woman. Men tormented by the woke misandry - Yeah right duffors

Kya bakchodi hai. Foreign k series ka hindi dubbed he kr dete.

Stop Netflix vicitimizing

E ka hai baba.

All men Be like: 7:00 pm Key Baad Dadar Virar Train Mein Aaoo😂😂😘 You&#39;ll learn the real Meaning of Survival

No feminist show can ever run without abusing men? Shitty direction 😒

Survival is the battle for every woman true, waiting for this one

Ab apun ko chahiye full ijjat! 👑

Patriarchy on fire 🔥

Thank you for revealing the entire plot in the trailer. Seriously, what’s wrong with you, Netflix?

Har actor ka 50 kaato

After this First time i want to see Netflix  moviw

When is this releasing?

Dialogues are strong.

Are kabhi to dhang ka content bana lo Netflix India, warna SonyLiv aage nikal jaayega tumse

And here I thought they are going to tell a good story.

Waah Aunty Full feministbaazi

❤

👎👎👎 For more shots&#39;s without sex version

Four more shots please from Netflix 😂

Bakwas 🤢🤮🤮

Dark Thriller 🔥🔥Can&#39;t Wait

❤️but I m a fan of Hammad Khatri. He hearing impaired Youtuber. No one notices him. His channel name <b>Hammad Khatri</b>

Good netflix

Congratulations dear all subscribe channel my 😊

Flop

Sahana goswami saw in the suitable boy.... Thanks Netflix for bringing her back again❤️Truest words -- SURVIVAL IS THE BATTLE FOR EVERY WOMAN🙏

One like for puja bhatt

I will watch only for puja bhatt

Amazing Super Fantasticcc

Nice tralier

Sadak 2 mein Pooja Bhatt ka mara hua tasveer dikhaie bewakoof banaya ki Pooja hai film mein, finally Pooja wapis aa gayi hai.

This is gonna be soooo awesome!

Netflix is living in 80s.... because now it is Mumbai not Bombay

Sahi lag rha trailor toh

Plz subscribe my channel god will give live long for ur parents

nice❤️❤️

I am 5 viewer

view no. 5, 16th commet, 64 like
