The letter for the kingMovie name

No thanks..... I don´t like black washing....

Waiting for The Letter for the King season 2 from 2 year

This is rated 10+ but you have a scene of young boys kissing eachother. 🤮 Netflix you are despicable.

i just read somewhere season 2 will be comming at march 2024 is this true?

power of dark skin

Don&#39;t watch Because Once a looser always a looser felling for main character.. 😂😂😂

Good series

When they took the power from kind Tuiri...it was over for me they fukved it the whole series!!!

The best magical Fantasy TV series I&#39;ve watched so far in my opinion :)

Season 2 please damn what a TV show

Black people as knights.  Shure…… this is just like Cleopatra

Is there a second season on Netflix? It's really great ♥️😍
Seasonnnn 2 , 3 .... Pleasess do something ☹️❤️ with samee casttt 😭❤️

I just watched it completely and I have to say that I enjoy every moment of it! ❤

It&#39;s Stranger Things with horses and swords aka... garbage

A bunch of modern teenagers transplanted into a fantasy world with the cheapest possible scenario and all the cliches that can be included in a tv series of this kind. Trust imbd ratings, floks. No wonder Netflix does not include them in the rating of the cheap, and mediocre material they have stuffed us with.

it was a scam.. they rated it 18+ but there is no blood, no gore.. medieval movies without this elements are nothing but for kids

WHY EVERY SINGLE TV SHOW HAS A GAY MOMENT ?🤮MUST BE ON TV SHOW WTH? CAN WE JUST BE A NORMAL JUST ONE SECOND GODAMIT IT IS DISGUSTING u dont talk to me about love to me coz love is not there between men and men lol

Pathetic attempt to make tv show.... disgusting incompetent,  92% of tv show n move

I think the letter said &quot; Hello World!&quot;

(Black, gay , female hero ) God damnit it has it allThey ain&#39;t taking no risk 😂

When did butch knights exist back then 🤣😭

Compare it with Dutch original - what a disgraceful cultural appropriation...

I like the power

Could never top the movie

wtf, this is about as far from the book as Rings of Power is from Lord of the Rings

Call Laura people out of the good guys and a white male as the bad guys; this is another woke.

We need season 2

Racist cultural appropriation.  Disgraceful.

Too bad it&#39;s nothing like the book, the movie from 2008 is better but I believe it&#39;s only in Dutch.

the movie has nothing of the original Story of the book, so senseless.

Crazy how weather change in wakanda

One day netflix will wake up a notice that more people download their trash shows than pay for them..... They bring out maybe 1-2 shows a year that are worth watching... rest are woke leftist trash..... pushing female kick ass.... white man bad.... evil.... weak... stupid....        any other race is instant hire.....           I&#39;d love to know who this show is for??? no adult wants to watch a bunch of teens run around.... showing how diversity hires DON&#39;T WORK....        none of these teens can act....

I think horse is the promising actor in the show 🤣🤣🤣🤣👍

It was such a disappointment😖😖😖

Sad they didn’t follow the book. That story is so much better.

song name?

I hope the the ridiculous girl power attitude doesn&#39;t take away from the movie...

that little kid who followed these guys . his acting , he has future,,, he will be a great actor

They shouldn’t have made it so that girl has powers, that was just so dumb of the writers.

I liked it but it was kinda rushed

this is actually the worst series I’ve ever seen

horse watched to much E.T...

I recommend people to watch Hercules and Xena instead of this.

Too much nonsense diversity for my taste.

I am waiting for taboo 2

it&#39;s not racism, it&#39;s idiocy of black domination in movies!  idiocy to change history!  this is the bottom of cinema!  amen!

it's not racism, it's idiocy of black supremacy in movies! idiocy to change history! this is the bottom of the cinema! Amen!
Ive read the book guys and its a million times better trust meread the book first u will thank me later only by seeing the 50 secs of the trailer im disgusted the series has absolutely nothing to do with the original great book

Is it only 6 episode ? I thoght that the boy has the power nah but the girl 😅

I thought he&#39;s especial like have some magic powers or something but no. They gave it to the villain who already have an army.

They could&#39;ve just sent a mail. Save them the trouble.

This was like having to be at your kids school play ,,, like a medieval theater reenacted by a bunch of children , even if the story had been gud which it was not , you cant take it seriously

Is it avaible in tamil?

I&#39;m only inlove with the horse 🤣

Is this set in Wakanda?

Aaaaah. Netflix and its love for history rewriting and woke casts. If most of the shows it produces were good, that would be frustrating.

No offense to the actors, I&#39;m sure they did what they could but this was the most baseline boring show that succeeded in hitting every cliche of the genre without doing anything interesting behind those cliches. All these plot points failed because they never gave any time for character development or any personality at all. Not in the world and not in the characters. Also had one of the most anticlimactic &quot;climaxes&quot; Ive seen, ever. Just soulless and bland. Nice horse tho. 2.5/10Ps, sorry for all the (r)acist people in the comments being wanks about the color of someone&#39;s skin.

a bunch of gays teens

It was actually good

Sorry, but black people were not walking around England or Europe during the medieval period.

This was rubbish and a waste of time . The girl having powers was the most boring and annoying twist they could have came up with. Gays character dying... I mean. What was that ending!!???Everything that could have gone wrong with this series ... went wrong!

does this show contain any inappropriate scenes for teenagers ??

And in Hindi yes

Please release season 2

I’m fuqn 40 years old and this was my favorite kids book 📕 de brief voor de koning by tonke dragt

ok based off of this comments,, i decided not to watch this anymore

The whole story doesn’t make any sense at all.  I wasted my sleeping time for this

<b>Final Fantasy XIV</b>

<b>The Award-winning Massively Multiplayer Online RPG</b>



<b>Play the entirety of A Realm Reborn and Heavensward expansion for FREE with no restrictions on playtime.</b>

I liked the series, but everyone of the kids, including 10 year old were knighted, but the real heroine, Livinia, who banished the darkness and was the prophecy personified, not anything. Bad form

More Wokeflix sh1te, with a bame lead and a middle-aged white man baddie.  Fk off.

I&#39;ve read the book a long time ago in middle school. Until now, I just realized they made a series about this. I can figure that they changed a few things and added a few stuff in this trailer. Can anyone tell me if this series is good?

I give 10/10 for cast, landscapes, efects, costumes, 4/10 for combat choreography, 10/10 for its potential and 0/10 for you wasting it and for nonsens and absence of logick and plot holes. Over all 6/10 where 10 is the best of chart.

This is nothing like the book. I mean, come on! In the book, Tiuri is a pale kid with dark hair, he is his father&#39;s son and he definitely isn&#39;t horrible at fighting. I hate it when the movies only take the plot of the book and change the story entirely.

All these teen shows are annoying man

So. Spoiler alert. Why not lead with the fact that the main character isn’t the one in the prophecy? It was a real let down toward the end to realize he was basically just the body guard to Lavinia . And the ending was a bit anti climactic as well. I assume the book does a better job or answering certain questions.

This has nothing to do with the books. The scenery at <a href="">00:39</a> does not do anything to endear the movie any further either.

worst TV show ever

Bad film gay and shit story

Action scenes are shitty!

They didn&#39;t think to send a raven?

Who else wants another season please Netflix give us another season

Anyone else have a hard time remembering all the character&#39;s names? Kinda makes it difficult get attached to them.

sooo many tv shows with stupid young kids with super heroes and warriors.

The Last Kingdom (England), Ertugrul (Turkey) and Kings War (China) is literally the only sword, war and adventure series netflix has worth a damn.  This and warrior nun is just garbage.  I haven’t tried that Crusader Templar show, but my hopes aren’t high.The dang drama documentaries about Japan, pirates and Rome are more interesting than this.  I mean damn why they wasting money on this garbage and warrior nun but dropped Marco Polo.  Oh I forgot about “cursed”.  Laughable, Netflix line-up is laughable.  They should stick to making anime.  They at least do some stuff of merit there.  Oh yeah, and I don’t know who dropped Merlin, but creating cursed and not bringing Merlin back has to be the biggest slap in the face ever.  Really?  You can drop Merlin but have money for this Cursed trash.

full agenda
Why you try a medieval strangers things?

i think from now on the protagonist will be either black or female ...hahaha hollywood such a shitshow ...write a good script ffs

We Wuz Kangz n Shieeeeeeeeeeet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good show till episode five then that’s where all the dumb shit come out of nowhere, like y’all had me rooting for tiuri just to do that dumb ass bitch ass twist, Netflix fucks up once again😤😤 couldn’t even watch it after episode five 😤😤😤

Could they have found a girl with a more gigantic mouth anywhere on earth to play the Queen?  Good lord she was ugly. damn

I loved this!! Watched in all in one night because I was constantly on the edge of my seat. The plot twists had me screaming and the scenery is fantastic. I think it&#39;s definitely worth the watch!!!!

I watched and finished the series. It's already 6 chapters. Worth watching and not a waste of time. I suggest you just watch it at your leisure. It was a delicious series. In fact, having 6 episodes is ridiculous because the cast is solid, the music is solid, but there is a problem with the plot. I think they wanted to make more episodes but for some reason something got in the way. What was told in the series was not something that could be finished in 6 episodes. They could have at least made it for 4 seasons and 20 episodes in each season, which would have made the series even better. Gijs Blom is an actor that I love very much. He seemed very unimportant in the series, which you can understand from the ending. I was disappointed when I saw Gijs like that in the series, because it was a series that I started just for Gijs. Anyway, let's say respect for the effort, I would give it a score of 10/8. Enjoy watching🖤👍🏻
Don&#39;t mind the buggers. The series differentiated itself from the source material a lot. This is not a historical series and the series makes sense about the lead being people of color (can we just call everyone people no matter what color). The plot twist is UNEXPECTED. Episodes 4-6 seems to be rushed but is okay. Overall this is worth binge-watching. Ardanwen is superb. Ending boss battle is meh.

<b>The Netflix adaptacion</b>
Looks better than Cursed

Everyone’s hating on this show but I watched it and it’s honestly so great I’m sorry yall

I just see Will Parry

I read this book when I was 12 years old. It is based of a dutch book called &quot;Brief voor de koning&quot; but they changed the story a little. But definitely worth to check out. Not very similar to the book, but good in its own way.

Pass.

Why do you put blacks and asians in medieval Europe ?  Why do you want to destroy European history and our heritage ?

I enjoyed this series. Hope there is a season 2.

Maybe if you could just change the ending everything will be fine. Sorry the ending was disspointing.

stupid music for this kind of show.

Why are these comments full of racists?

disrespecting history and destroying the original mood of the story, major fail, this looks like Hangover dressed in historic clothes

When the comment section HAS NOT read the book and KNOW NOTHING about it. This is not MEDIEVEL EUROPE this is a fantasy realm that Tonke created, so you can all quite your bitching.

I mean the story

They destroyed the book

They took the term &quot;black knight&quot; literally.

white people can appropriate our culture, stories, lore and everything else for the sake of making movies but not caring about its accuracy or overall respect and the littlest decency... but when you put black people in a series it&#39;s a problem? lol, okay.

Some mixed race knight with an Asian Mary Sue and a dark African Zulu roaming around in medieval Europe

Shitflix, you fail at history
Honestly what is a black dude doing in what&#39;s supposed to be medieval Europe?With this approach to &quot;history&quot;, you might as well make a movie where Nelson Mandela is east asian

Hahahahahah

it&#39;s nothing like the book. And there will never be anything that tops the book!

Sick disgusting propaganda from where else &quot;Netflix&quot; vile companyYou will never hand our history over to these bastards!!! 🤮

Diversity in medieval Europe. What utter nonsense.

Mixed people, sub-Saharan Africans, and Asians play dress up as Europeans in a magical world where multiculturalism works, and women can stand toe to toe with men. Pathetic.

The king works at the welfare office?

Ahhhhh.... Netflix. Gaslighting again as usual.

Great trailer, Mr. Goldstein!

Yo we wuz knights n sheeeit.Boycott Netflix.
There were no blacks in Britain at that time.

Oceania has always been at war with Eastasia.

They should have adapted koning van katoren instead, much more unique when it comes to fantasy settings.

I feel so stupid, I thought this looked nothing like how things were supposed to look in the book which imo was a more modern fantasy.It was only recently that I realised I was thinking of a completely different Dutch fantasy book and mixed up the names.

I&#39;m wondering if this is worth watching, does anyone like this show because the reviews are bad but I want to know if anyone enjoyed watching it

STOP PUTTING GAY COUPLES IN EVERYTHING!!! SOME OF US STRAIGT PEOPLE ATLEAST DOESNT NEED TO SEE GAY IN EVERYTHING, yh they deserve rights, but stop forcing it on us pls NETFLIXXXX - its getting annoying

The plot twist in the final episodes was terrible. Why changing something green to blue real quick? I get the idea of shocking the audience but you didn&#39;t really make it bruh. It didn&#39;t make me wow, it made me yikes and close the netflix with a disappointed face. I don&#39;t know the books but if the books are also like this i feel quite sad for the readers. I just feel really bad for all that amazing landscape, good cinematography and actors-actresses. One of the worst scripts i&#39;ve seen on netflix so far.

We WUZ knights N SHIIIIIIEEEEET
no messages here..

Should be an young adult fantasy movie instead.

WE

This show was amazing and I&#39;m hoping for another season

Kids version of The Witcher?

Just send him a text next time, not worth my watch

I can’t believe the final fight was literally the girl staring at the villain and somehow the light just swallowed the bad guy it was so stupid and disappointing, I didn’t really enjoy this show at all.

Belive me it is good show.. Medivel fantasy is back

looks like 💩
Was keen for this show... Then i Watch the trailer and they did it again.... Netflix has a very bad Habbit of Forcing shows to be something they are not. You can immediately tell by the Way the script reads and way its shot.. I miss watching shows that are more Organic in their approach to Filming and using scripts that have not been Run over 50 times by Studios who are to busy asking the sales department if its going to sell well instead of if people will enjoy it.

Blacks? In medieval Europe. Sure...
Today&#39;s Teens is Mamas boys.. they&#39;d cry ..like baby&#39;s. .this movie is a..joke

Anybody.... is it good??

So bad. This series is a steaming pile of shit.

Press f for every fantasy protagonist

Ok  but I&#39;m getting Merlin vibes and I am ALL for it!

only watch this if you want to be disappointed or waist your time they could have done so much better

This series on Netflix was so cringe. Was force to watch it because the book was a lot better apparently.

Poorly done, with very excessive diversity casting

I getting high pressure’ watching this 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
what shit of the protagonist, the horse is better

Good show just got done watching it

is it just me or does this just feel like a low magic DnD campaign

Just finished the show whitout reading these comments first, now i&#39;m dissapointed..

rubbish
a crappy adaptation full of sjw shit

This is game of thrones for kids aged 6-12 yrs old

This book was very nice
I watched a lot of things in my life but this is bad I don’t recommend. I mean the story is kinda of okay but the characters are terrible.

As much as I hated the plot twist and everything after episode 4, I still think this show was better than Cursed

wtf AGAIN SIRIOSLY. if U ask why new Robin Hood, new 

King Arthur: Legend of the Sword failed and sucks,,,,ONLY AND ONLY BECAUSE MORON PUT BLACK PEOPLE IN MIDDLE AGES MOVIES, SIMPLE BLACK PEOPLE ARE NOT LIVE IN EUROPA AND FOR US IN EUROPA THIS IS VERY VERY OFFENSIVE, and this tv show is sucks right now, people are not rasist but this is WRONG, why Lord of the Rings is one of the best movie ever and why Game of throne is probably best TV show ewer, only because all actors was a white, because only white man can be knight, king ,,,this is our white Christian history and  mythology,,,, 99 prc people say we all ok, but real and true fackts is LOT and GOT is great but all middle ages movies, tv with black or other sucks, and people dont watch BLACK OR OTHERS CANT BE IN EUROPEN MYTHOLOGY, ONLY WHITE PEOPLE,,,,SORRY MAKE YOUR AFRICAN, ASIAN,,,,please dont, any more its sucks very sucks

Did anybody manage to figure out who did the soundtrack

I was like: eehhh boring... Until I saw Omid Jalili! xD

The series is quite good shame there&#39;s a plot hole in the basic of the story, because believe it or not the letter doesn&#39;t matter, in fact if prince viridian never send the letter to the king  about his incoming betrayal they can avoid that messy plot hole

stupid series i have ever watched.

To Whoever made this show.... all of you.... a curse upon you for the rest of your life. Cancer and incurable sickness will blight you until you wither away shriveled and bald in the fetal position, alone. If you manage to survive long enough to procreate then your mongrel wretched bloodline will be cursed until your children’s children become so deformed and mentally deranged that none of you exist. None of you. Die screaming, bloody and writhing in pain. All of you.

It's Arthur 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Fantasy for sjw snowflakes. I wont be watching.

totally time waste __ just the screening n good set ,,n that&#39;s all directors n all did

How does it make sense to have a mixed-race character when everyone else in the setting is white?

3? What the blood hell happened to the other 4?!

bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooookkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk gibi
Next season 2 coming

There&#39;s only one thing i can put my finger on, when talking about this series, and that is the lack of blood in the fight sequences.. it&#39;s really pathetic, when compared to other shows with a fantasy setting.

Hmm, an american remake of a perfectly dutch movie.:/ I have some problems with this :(

So, despite all of the obvious propagandistic, woke casting in this, it actually looks pretty awesome. If for no other reason than the fact that they are actually depicting arming swords as the primary sword type... FOR ONCE! Hollywood has a problem with wanting to depict EVERY sword as a longsword/two-handed sword, even when the setting predates the advent of the longsword(late 1300&#39;s). And even DURING the height of the longsword&#39;s period of service, one-handed arming swords were still more commonly used. So, kudos to Netflix for breaking that annoying trend! My theory is that it&#39;s katana fanboyism that caused Hollywood to want to make ALL swords have a two-handed grip. One-handed swords are actually the most iconic of all swords not only because they came first, but also because they remained the most widely used swords even during, and even after, the arrival of two-handed swords. From Excalibur to even the most legendary sword in Japanese history, the famous Kusanagi-no-tsurugi. Yes, even in the land of the katana, the most iconic sword is still a one-handed, straight-bladed, double-edged sword that shares many characteristics with European medieval swords! And of course one-handed swords would continue to be the most widely used. For example: the kilij, the shamshir and the tulwar from the Middle East and India, as well as the military sabers used by the Western World. Ok, I&#39;m done.😂

10/5.9 rating boring typ I think

Social justice pandering, but seems okay.

People complaining that this is medieval Europe turned topsy-turvy! But it&#39;s not medieval Europe.And the folks against the people complaining do not realize it either... my nipples explode with delight! Ghahaha!

Was a good show, the only thing is it could have been so much better, the build up was ok but the ending was horrible for the build up it led to, had a lot of potential

Why is there a black kid and an Asian kid in medieval Europe?

The main character reminds me of xxxtentacion :(

Am I the only one who think this show was a bit rushed..... giving this show 2 seasons would’ve made enough room for character development......  and somethings weren’t adding up and making sense to me lol  it had a lot of potential...

What about a letter for the Queen

The love story between jussipo and foldo can&#39;t be over yet

Pls bring back jussipo

Netflix could you pls tell the makers of letter to the king that if you make a season 2 of this show, that you have to bring jussipo back to life someway because it&#39;s a bit rude to lgbtq people that your using the bury your gays storyline and I speak for all of us when I say we want more of jussipo and foldo I mean why couldn&#39;t one of the bad guys die instead of jussipo and the show would be a bit more interesting if jussipo came back to life I mean I can&#39;t get enough of jussipo he is by far my favorite character in this whole show and all my friends and family think so too

i don’t like any of the characters on this show 😭😭 and it’s was so short it should’ve been longer . then they switched the person of power from tiuri to liviania 😐 like that plot twist honestly upset me because he lost everything i felt he deserved that come up smh .

if you think this is dop lik it

Just done watching it. And im waiting for the next season💙

Bruh y&#39;all killed the gay character not even 30 MINUTES after he kissed a dude. Mate it isn&#39;t bloody representation if they die right after they come out but thanks for trying I guess.

The true damn hero is the horse lmao no one else.

Teen Titans meets Game of Thrones

I loved these tv show, please netflix confirm a second season

But I wanted Timothee Chalamet in this..!

Hello Netflix??  I&#39;m trying to get ahold of the music supervisor for this series, I&#39;ve got some ideas that you might like.  I&#39;ll post a sample soon.

Why are these a bunch of teens, it’s a meh for me

Looks good

Please season 2

From a famous Dutch film named the letter for the king
This was such a bad series

Am I the only one who think this is the medieval version of “ stranger things” ??

Am I the only one who think this is the medieval version of “ stranger things” ??

I really liked the series and I want to know when the 2nd season will come out. Please.
So a series about medieval europe with a lot of blacks,mixing race kids and even a chinese girl fighting against future male knights......and seems nodody notes anything wrong...seems that Netflix-Hollywood &quot;policy&quot;is giving results...at least between its kids audiences...according to Netflix,medieval Europe.was more inclusive than today Europe...Wow....

Awesome friend
An african in england ?? In that time????

I read the reviews before watching this and was sceptic but watched it and thought the first 5 episodes were good the 6th was a complete and utter letdown. Trust me it’s not worth your time don’t watch it.

NETFLİX = ANİME 15 Y  TEENAGERS SAVE THE WORLD
And the diversity train just keeps chugging up that hill. Amir Wilson looks like a joke. By the way, a &quot;knight in training&quot; is called a &quot;squire&quot;. It&#39;s a Dutch book and yet the cast looks like the occupants of an LA Starbucks.

Imao the negative comments wtf

What is the name of trailer song.???

The worst case scenario, with this potential, could have made a better series,

WE WUZ DUTCH N SHYYYYYYTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!

Let me save everyone a lot of time. This show is terrible. It has every medieval fantasy trope out there but without any actual violence, nudity, or blood. The whole show hypes this terrible actor by the name of Tirui who’s supposed to become a hero with magical powers to fight against another man with magical powers who’s evil and older and far more experienced. First season ends with him finally using magic and it amounts to a severe weather storm that does everything except give you a clear view as to what’s happening. Then the season ends.

I like the main character he was really good but that twist and that ending was disappointing

A non Aryan kid is the hero of the northern kingdoms ?More brain washing.

SJWs on the march!

For what I understoon and think happened, the girl didnt have the powers to begin with, the boy had. But during that ritual where the dude wanted to take his power she was looking at the boy so i assume she was able to take the power from him.So he did have the power but she took them during the ritual.The show could have been good but it was rushed and the Piak dude death at the end was kinda sad.I mean she could have saved him with her power and didnt and i kinda liked the gay ship and the end was trash.Like they were sad for 2 second and then al happy happy taking their knight prise Could have been way better

This show is terrible.  British apologize to Dutch.

Can’t wait to watch a show about Zulu Warriors played by white characters 😂😂basically the Netflix in the nutshell if they were honest, replacing European characters with other races is just unnecessary

Horrible

This is an example of The trailer  looks better then the actual Movie/Series

I was excited at first when i saw this in netflix, but when i watched it i got really disappointed. This is not like the book or the dutch movie. Why name it the same thing if its going to be different D:

This looks nothing like the book.... what the hell netflix. Dont excite people with a refilming of a great childrensbook when you change it this much....

Whatever you do, please don&#39;t come back and make the Secrets of the Wild Wood please

Is there a series 2 ????

i watched this. and I thought its gonna get better. but ZERO. i wonder what is all about the soldiers gonna do but they were never been used. I am really disappointment. just my own review

I was waiting thinking that these teens will grow up. Lol

diversity from netflix. lol.

Don’t watch , not that much good which I expected 😏😏😏😏😏

Dafuq this looks like some kind of teenager serie.

This is so different to the book, no magic and no accompany on his journey in the books

What is the name of the song that is playing in the background?

The amount of xenophobia, racism and blatant bigotry in this comment section is disgusting. I can’t imagine being a white supremacist or Trump supporter and going out of my way to spread hate online about what basically is a kids TV SHOW! No one cares if the book is European, the AUTHOR and creators of the show made changes. Deal with it 🤦🏻‍♂️

Why are all the comments about the race of the main character, and politics?? So many spoilers in the comment section to WTF. It’s really disturbing to real all these racist comments about a fantasy show aims for young adults..

There is actually a word for &quot;a teenage kinight-in-training&quot;. It&#39;s called &#39;squire&#39; 😅

This is a great show. Watching it is like reading a fully decked out fantasy novel. It has actual plot that goes places unlike a lot of Netflix shows and it is definitely worth a watch.

Saw the series and  it is poor written, although it got some twist in the middle of the story, but the ending so predictable. Hope it gets better in season 2

I can&#39;t recommend this woke American bastardization of a great Dutch classic, sorry. Tiuri isn&#39;t some urban high school kid and women didn&#39;t play any significant roles. Read the book, instead.

Wow THEY COULD HAVE made this into a great series... but nope

I love this show hopefully it has a nother season

Why are you not starting the shannara chronicles session 3 this is best series I&#39;d ever seen

Steal some else&#39;s history you. King Arthur was a European not an African. Who do you think you&#39;re fooling?

Apparently the main character is Dragonborn...

????????

Medieval Europe was not racially diverse and woke

This is such an insult to my history as a European. Fed up with this woke bs now.

wait a sec..
Do white people no longer have claim to their stories?

What the hell is this?  Woke SJW King Arthur?  Right in this setting having him black totally makes sense. Just as it makes sense when this flops.  Just like TLOU2

So there were black and asian knights in Medieval Europe, the inspiration place  for the books ?? The PC propaganda has ruined yet another great book

This  boy’s eyes looks like he just woke up from the 10 hrs of sleep 😴

Looks like a cheap spin off GOT... but with the American accent which BTW makes it more less interesting ...

I just want the MC To be OP I hope in second season he will get buff up

WE WUZ KNIGHTS N SHIETgod why is netflix so aids.

Nice propaganda.
At first I was like this has no flaws but later they introduced powers?????? Ok medieval with powers fine ok it&#39;s still good w a i t the main character doesn&#39;t have any powers? It&#39;s some random girl? Oh god and &quot;the epic finale&quot;was her shooting out light from her body like why didn&#39;t they just make the main character do it and he can use both his sword and powers tbh that would be amazing but no anyways I am just baffled by the horrible ending anyways i think they are gonna get a new season so they better patch up some things.

Wtf a black Knight literally HAHAHAHA

Walmart Game of Thrones.

Another one example of “Just read the book and don’t waste your time with the adaptations”

Go to hell with your multiculturalism!

ahaha black dutch knight???
Villain - white male, medieval knight/protagonist - of course black male... and don’t forget about white female and black male love. FCK U slaps of tolerance!

Lol i didnt know we had black knights back then And Beware of white gencide people.

This is an amazing series you guys must watch! The black knight with the white shield&#39;s voice is so deep! 😂

I was really consumed with this film; but then they made the main character pointless in the last 2-3 episodes.  Couldn’t be more disgusted, pissed off, and irritated!!  The magic flipping to a different character that was completely irrelevant was infuriating!!

Show was trash

I guess its a book but i have never read it anyway the episodes were terrible and confusing bad characters too

Started so well but at the end the writers clearly lost track of the narrative and changed completely the story to culminate in a pretty plain and boring end. Absolutely a shame and waste of what could have been a good film.

I loved this adventure ❤️

Why is everybody rude about this show Like this show was great and i loved everything about it,WHILE YALL are just being jerks and talking crap about the show like be kind 😒

The show started off ok and then it went to shit.

Books are never exact same get over it

45yr old woman and loved it here I&#39;ve watched every episode this morning &amp;last night,can&#39;t wait for more and to see where the story will go now,well done everyone!!

Little kids sad
WHY DID THEY HAVE TO RUIN THIS GREAT SHOW WITH GAY CHARACTERS!!!!!!!

Everything was good until the end. I dunno what type of ending that was but it a real disappointment. P.s big ups to the horse.

<a href="">1:20</a> Song????? Please

oh my god idont even liked the ending of the series and ive been thinking about the powers are from tiurie but the hell a sudden change is the girl has powers he is not the guy with the powers . I ve got so much dissapointed may be the show gets highlited if tiurie has the powers than the girl

this is nothing like the book

Top 10 Indian Web Series of 2020 || updated list with new shows @

This show sucks

First few episodes were interesting... but sort to end up becoming pretty shitty.

They look weak and stupid

It looked so promising until I actually watched the whole thing

Netflix, if you are seeing this please kindly work on Greek mythology series. Thank you! we the people need it

How unusual to have a series without unnecessary violence, people speaking calmly like normal human beings rather than psychopaths and having even some philosophical conversations!

This feels like it’s a Disney channel show like wtf I couldn’t watch anymore

when your real name is lavinia..

Looks too “woke” for me...

<b>Just finished watching this within 3 days. The story is good and compelling. Until the plot twist with the girl having the power instead of Tiuri and the ending with that prince being killed by his brother and came back alive as a demon harnessing power ruins it all! Like GoT, That was garbage as shit!</b>

White people mad about a fictional movie but will ignore years of whitewashing Hollywood.

The letter for king what rubbish pure arya shit, it's fine if the woman is the hero but if the whole team time is said that tjuri is the hero and without any explanation random word changes in one go. tjuri heard in the first episodes voices he had an amulet that ensured that Tjuri did not hear those voices. It was explained that the power came from shamans and that the chain, the power under busy Tjuri, was the one who descended from the shaman. This what was set up and then changing everything all at once to appear woke is a terrible example of bad writing
someone saw three movies ??? someone mixed them up? someone thought he will make a new world? the first 2 min is like Ι watch a bad version o the fellowship of the ring! I cant stop laughing, please destroy this abomination.

Worst television series i ve ever watched... its main role actor tuiri is not fit for acting just worse.

This letter for the king is proof that any medieval shit fantasy can be sold. That was the bullshitiest thing I´ve seen on Netflix.

tv series is shit the mc is just a wanna be hero who actually can&#39;t do shit and get this has no actual magic ability its actually a did a character who has the magic and kills the enemy at the end

It’s worth a watch would have been better if they had marketed a little older not PG but good fun. If you are one of the people getting butt hurt over the gay kiss scene do yourself a favour and get over it. They have gay scenes in nearly every movie and tv show these days. I like the world that’s been built just needs a bit more funding hopefully a season two will happen

We have to send this letter, or die trying...Me : send on gmail, done

black kid and an asian girl fighting in the medieval times... I get how they&#39;re trying so hard to promote racial equality and shit but this is ridiculous smh

That’s was disappointing the hole time the girl had power but not tiuri didn’t like it

I have watched it and believe me it&#39;s awesome

I hate to admit that this trailer is completely a lie.

This is a woke dumpster fire. And a disgrace to the source material.

I really loved this show and like SPOILERS butCouldn&#39;t Livonia have healed Joseppo?? She clearly had some kind of healing ability. Or the king could have provided a doctor from somewhere in his big fricking castle?! I couldn&#39;t even really be sad about his death because it seemed so preventable

I already watch and it&#39;s wonderful! It is already my Favorite TV show, i hope that will there another seasons! 💗

Andy serkis daughter is hot!

Im so confused, I thought this was a dutch series because of Gijs Blom wtf

I just binge-watched this today, it&#39;s amazing!

waste of time

Does this do homage to &#39;Brief voor de Koning&#39; written by Tonke Dracht. Not even close! They changed the storyline a lot! Added magic to hide some awefull acting. Camera work and special effects are ok but they don&#39;t fix the series. Also the ending baffled me, while they finished the series, Tonke&#39;s story continues in her 2nd book. Too many important details where mixed up making it just to messy.

This show had so much potential: awesome landscapes, amazing actors, convincing sets...the only problem? It was rushed, and there was no time for character development. There was not even time to get to know the characters’s names let alone understand them. This makes deaths less dramatic, betrayals less believable and plot twists less logical. If it was spread out over even just 10 episodes instead of 6 it would have been a perfect show.

Got

Negroids in obvious European cultural medieval surrounding, fictional or not - THUMB DOWN

There’s one half black kid in this show and y’all just lose y’all shit

I like the movie letter for

So shit with very annoying characters do not recommend

Wtf is this trailer... using trap music on a medieval trailer? and why there is black pll with swords....

Sidenote: the score for the trailer is not like the show at all!

No i won&#39;t wave my white flags no

They spent the whole budget on the horse which is probably the best horse of any show ever.

We are tired of this political correctness. Stop that blackwashing in european stories.

Watched the series, and for me, it started great..awesome characters, amazing setting, and then..i don&#39;t know what happened. Everything fell apart. The 5th and 6th episodes seemed weak. I did not like it at all. I was left confused, but also not interested for another season. You know what I mean?! for that, I&#39;d give this series a 6.5/10.

Is their gonna be a season 2.. I hope their is

Is their gonna be a season 2.. I hope their is

This comment section will be the direct cause for the thirt world war xDA race war I might add. LoL

Interesting trailer, crappy series. It was so painful to watch i only made it to the fourth episode and i didnt even finish said episode. I only made it that far because i kept giving it a chance to improve.

A good show to have in the background. I lost all interest halfway though.

I'm a Turk. Look, in the series, the boy doesn't have special powers, the girl next to him does, and the man who is the king of that army dies in the last episode. I understood that, but instead of making us watch the one with the real power, they went and made us watch Tiuri...
It amazing 😍

This series not a series but it&#39;s a movie have subtitle.

Spoilers. What about the talisman that MC has? I mean, isn&#39;t he a shaman?

Finally a more accurate account on how the ppl really looked during that time period. Remember Europe is actually Eurasia. And they were conquered by the Moors in 711 AD. Which is why this time period would&#39;ve have been a melting pot for intermixing.

I watched this show and it is entirely worth it! The acting is good, the writing is good, the world building is good and the characters are complex, relatable and fun!

Originally thought it was another Netflix equal right b&#39;s,  but this series is very very good!

Song trailer??

Where is the dragons, where is the frozen zombie soldier 😀

Bakwas series don&#39;t download 3 rd classssssssssss

Multi-award winning director my arss!!! ive never had this rage after i saw this movie, it was a really awfull bad tv series. crappy ending, stupid plot theres no glory or amazing thing in it.

Veridian was the only person that made this show remotely interesting no homo

Tiuri had been a lame ass weak character from the very start and yet I keep hoping he would get better become the hero he ought to be. Well quess what spoiler alert.... He is lame ass bitch with no powers and he is also terrible at fighting.

How to tell if fantasy? ̶M̶a̶g̶i̶c̶  A black night
Keep licking chinese boots Netflix

I&#39;ve watched TLFTK, but the series is ruined by political corectness. The amount of blacks and asian in Medieval Europe and the role of the wife is terribly incorrect. It&#39;s so woke that even a unnessacary gay couple is involved. Blegh.

I really like the show watched it in one day

Just finished watching the series. It sucked so bad in my opinion. There&#39;s just so many things that is wrong.

Wow blackwashing European history

Tiuri, Edwinem, Ewain... Yeeeeeeees!! Thanks Netflix I waited all my life for this

Spoiler alert: it&#39;s a shit political adaptionl. Original book is good though.

I love this serie!! I really hope that there is gonna be a season 2🙏🏼😍

Apart from having my favorite character die in the most pointless way and the most anticlimactic plot twist it was pretty good if not a bit rushed

SPOILERS:I’m not one to be against Diversity but i did not like the show. I actually got very attached to Tiuri and was interested in his character then Comes the damn horrendous plot twist near the end that basically said screw the past 4 episodes of story and character development let’s have this random girl that’s not even the focus of the story have the magic powers and be the hero the prophecy foretold and not the main character that has Shaman blood running through his veins and that we have been saying is the hero🙄🤦🏻‍♂️. Didn’t even finish the last episode. 3/10 would not recommend.

There&#39;s a new movie about the bad a$$ Zulu tribe of Africa!!! And it&#39;s starring 3 white men playing native Africans!!!! Isn&#39;t that awesome!!

perfect example of blackwashing. there were specific ethnicities in specific places in history, not any more but in the medieval era? no there were no sub saharans in northern europe. or asians. i know this is fictional but give me a break, its immersion breaking.

i need tv show look like game of thrones, i can&#39;t move on from got.any recommend series?except the witcher and vikings, i already watch it.

I am also DISAPPOINTED with the part where the Tirui don’t have any innate powers. That the girl who came from the middle of the film have it? What’s up with the whispering sound??? Is he hallucinating with no reason? And the reveal of powers was mistakenly done?? The reaction of the girl (Lavinia) ?? As if she is not something..And the ending was also flat. I am waiting that they will both shine as they have both powers but I was disappointed again Only the girl does something special and the main character was thrown away from the spotlight.But I’m still looking forward to the next series. Hope my disappointments will be healed

Does it tell you Tuiri is not the one who has the magical powers lavena has itand you know that girl who was looking for Tuiri she is a traitorand the other two boys the one who has little brother and that other guy who has dirty blonde hair yeah they&#39;re both gay sadly the guy with the little brother he dies yeah I&#39;m just ruining people&#39;s day.

Ah yes, the middle ages in Europe... A most diverse and multicultural place! (in the alternate Netflix universe anyway) 🤔🙄😀

My cousin is in this movie called josepo

Hmmm.. the ending 😑

Bull shit waste of time

This was a good movie until like the second to last episode. And now I feel like I wasted my time watching the whole thing lol.

Best Serie 2020
This Serie has the shittiest season final

Politics: European middle agesCulture: European middle agesFashion and beliefs: European middle ages (except christianity)Main character: Afro-arabianAfterthought: why not use ancient Arabia or Egypt as settings if you want to have an afro-arabian MC?

Let me say this, because this is a common trend on Netflix now. They can set up a good show, but every original they make is riddled with stupid things and ideas. They throw in a left leaning gay/lesbian vegan feminist and not to actually improve the show but because people eat that kind of stuff  up. They throw in a pair of gay guys because people think they’re so progressive. But the modern trend now is for them to set something up and then destroy it. It’s hard to enjoy Netflix when all I see is a bunch of idiocy from “professionals.”

The Dragon Prince but live-action

HOLY FUCKEN GARBAGE SHITSo I decided to binge this last night &amp; finished it just right now.. What a damn waste! Honestly the actors weren’t bad &amp; I just found some of them amusing but the plot is... well there’s not much of a plot lol The concept for the show is good but jesus man it seemed like they had no clue what to do with it. I feel like I’m wasting more time talking about it but yo its ass save your time

unless you got historical background story behind it, don&#39;t put all races together in one place for the sake of equality. Its disgusting.- I am asian btw, don&#39;t like that china girl pop out of nowhere.

This was such a good show. Y’all needa watch before hating on it

this looks cool!

This show was a disappointment

Very bad :)

SEASON 2

In Medieval times did they have long weekends?  (first episode when Tiuri meets the black night)

Why didn’t they sent a raven instead

I read that book in German. Stumbled on the film on Netflix. Went on Google to look at the cast and discover that the original book is Dutch. I am Belgian...

I hate this show they said  he got the powers.

GUYS IT&#39;S A GREAT SHOW! 8/10! :)

Tf with the horrible &quot;twist&quot; ?! I was already hooked up until that twist pops up. Now I can&#39;t watch the final episode

This is the most cliche thing I have ever watched.  Every plot point, every character, every word of dialogue.   We watched one episode and couldn’t take any more.

Garbage, i binge watch it getting hooked then at the final episode the side character has the powers? Elvian shaman my ass. Final fight its like my room light vs the darkness in my room shitty finale

Just finished watching it and I’m confused why the MC is the MC he’s literally useless the MC should have been the femaleNever read the books but from the comments it’s like a completely different story I give it a 1 out 5 stars pretty meh acting

There are Arabs with a pilot
The actors really do this show justice but I&#39;m disappointed by how the writes dealt with the finale... But overall this was really amazing

the plot progression drove me crazy . could not  watch it

I just watched the first minute of the first episode and the first impression I get is that they tried to make it tooooo much a rip off of Lord of the Rings instead of a retelling of the book written by Tonke Dragt, I had hoped for a bit more originality, but the opening scene is literally LotR copy paste. 😭 And although I absolutely loved LotR, I prefer when other movies or series don&#39;t try to open exactly with the same way of female mysterious elven like voice talking and an opening scene of medieval war, and a villain hungry for power and dominion. That&#39;s the opening of LotR. It&#39;s been done before. And more than once by now. I don&#39;t like this. It&#39;s a beautiful story, no need to make it a LotR rip off. They have directly lost my interest in just one minute because I know what I can expect by now. No originality whatsoever and more like LotR than The Letter for the King (book version).

I was really excited for this. Today I finished it and though it started promising it was beyond bad! Unfortunately the Netflix originals are getting really worst and worst. It was ok up to the last 2 episodes and than it was over and I only felt (what the heck) it felt like GoT ending, just even cheaper. Sad, I had high Hope&#39;s....

still waiting for the last kingdom

This is NOT based on the book. The book is WAY better

I can hear that the budget wasn&#39;t high enough to make it a good series.

This is the best movie ever

Hmm very diverse.

I&#39;m not gonna waste my time watching some high school kids serie

Unrealistic rubish.

The Horse, Ardanwen is the most complex and useful character in the whole show, ngl.

Full potential but the end sucks

So the entire show made it seem like Tiuri had powers.. but nope it was the girl that did everything at the end

...&#39;&#39;You WILL BECOME ... a knight&#39;Who else thought she&#39;d say &#39;A KING?&#39;

This show is horrendous. I hated the protagonists. So boring and incompetent. The acting is so cliche. I cringed when Tuiru walked in the bar and everyone goes quiet. Like I haven&#39;t seen that a million times before. And then they all brawl like omg 😒. It&#39;s like a meme in cinema. I think this show was made for horses btw. I realized very quickly that the filler chosen in this show is the horse chases. Jassipo brother was pointless introduction and I believe was an attempt to comedic relief. The biggest mistake if the show and with any show is the investment in to each character. The main motivation is for the kids to become Knights. Somewhere down the line the motivation to chase down Tuiru, change their mind and help them with the risk of being killed by the riders, or townspeople doesn&#39;t seem to add up. Mainly, because the show doesn&#39;t portray what knighthoot means to them other than the fact that they are good at it and want to gain a name for themselves. That is very shallow and realistically would not hold up being worth the risk. The show is surface level and is just trying to tell a story in a narrow perspective.

Is this available everywhere? 🇵🇹

I don’t usually care about rating movies not do even like watching series because I believe it’s a waste of time but I was enticed half way and even binged watched all the way through (was not planned) but was the ending a free commercial for lightbulbs? Also that stupid plot twist just cheapened the main character. I was ready to accept how cool it was the main still decided to save the world regardless of not having the powers but in the end it still cheapened the main character for me. He did so much under the guise  he was incredible powerful but it was all a huge disappointment in the end. Also like another commenter mentioned. Weak men, strong women, gays etc. forgot this was the world we live in now. I will say movies of the past definitely can’t touch your production value but it is the values of the past that need to carry on into the future of these movies. Please hear us out🤙🏽

What a mockery of history.  The Irish druid was a villain and the Scottish warrior Iona was made a villain.  Still covering up your tracks!  Pinch of salt n all that.. nothing new; nothing true!Minorities taken care of at least albeit patronising!

Bad choice of actors Netflix 🤦🏻‍♂️
Where do i can find these sort of sounds ? <a href="">0:20</a>

This was a very good show until the big stupid twist ending on episode 5. What was the point of showing him in the beginning if your just going send it off to the girl. Good job Netflix ruined the show

In truth this series does remind me of GoT season 8 in that the writers couldn&#39;t write anything good for themselves and tried to rely solely in the source material and when they didn&#39;t it showed their inability to come up with anything good.

Worst adaptation I have ever seen literally only takes the concept and the names of the original and changes everything else.

Cool, I'll have to watch it. When will it be released?
There’s ONLY ONE SEASON AND I ALREADY FINISHED IT WHEN IS SEASON 2 COMING

Song?

this series was so good, well done

Diversity is strong in this one.

It looks like Game of Thrones for Nick kids :P   Like why watch this when we have Witcher?

BTTTSSSSS

ending was very disappointing

what? an asian and black boy in europe medival era? wtf?

Honestly this could have been good if they had cast different actors for the kids with people that can actually act and fit the role better. Although I have the feeling the script has murdered it from the beginning. Also, will they cut the PC bs already. Do they have multiple black characters in the group? nope. Multiple asian characters in the group? nope. Just one so they can get their pc points. Does it even make sense or further the plot?If this is how the characters are in the book then one can hardly blame Netflix for having terrible material to work with.

Interesting movie with good Cinematography ,Sound design and Originality

Not gonna lie it was my favourite series so far

backgroud score was much similar to Bahubali...The Begining

GIVE US ANOTHER SEASON AND JUSSIPO BACK😡 pls
Netflix employee: I found another story to do a series on and butcher.Netflix: Great find. Now all we need to do is add a feminist roll, someone to attract the LGBT audience, and a whole bunch of useless characters.Me: This looks like something great I can show to my little nephew and nieces....... Whoa!!!... Nevermind! 🤦🏻‍♂️

I didn’t like it
Thanks to THE LORD OF THE RINGS and GAME OF THRONES, medieval fantasy rules!

Horrible ending I don’t recommend it, it reminded me of Star Wars the sequels lol straight trash 🗑🥱

The twist was so lame. In their effort to be woke they killed the development of two of the main characters.  Don’t get me wrong, the idea for the twist was great but the authors were super lazy in writing it and nothing was earned.  In the end the most powerful character in all the land gets is side-lined and comes in for a truly unearned redemption and deus ex machina. Oh and the final battle was awful.  Bad guy dies of a minor discomfort.  Started off well but felt rushed in the end. Could have done with a few more episodes to do things properly.  Also, if you’ve read the books, this is not that story.  Yes many of the names are similar but it is not your story.

The lord of the ring is  the best

Why all the new movies have to promote it is normal to be gay among youngsters? I don&#39;t mind gay people but putting in almost new movies is sick. If you born different fine but don&#39;t promote it like a normal thing. Why straight people need to watch this disgusting things?

Oh Man The bad guy is White.

This reminds me of “How to train your dragon ?” So much 🤣🤣🤣

Love the song at <a href="">1:20</a>, Stronger by The Phantoms ft. Black Violin ❤️

GOT:We have the worst ending in movie historyTLFTK: <b>Hold my beer</b>By the way I was really disappointed and annoyed by the finale..Just imagine so much build up to the climax just to f**k it up with weird fights and C.G.I and perhaps &quot;shock value&quot;

Binge-watching .  In my Top 6 Netflix Series..

Do someone know the names of the background music ?The background music is absolutely amazing!!!

This sucks! I wasted my life watching this.

Seems to have drawn A LOT of inspiration from Lord of the Rings, I cringed a little bit when I heard &quot;And so it begins..&quot; in this series but other than that it seems worth the watch!

Is there a reason why the main guy has got to be black? Is this show just all about political correctness or is this actually in the original story? I mean, it looks ridiculous. Fake as hell when you&#39;re trying to be political correct as much as this.

more woke trash from netflix

Is this some kind of Game of Thrones parody?
SPOILERSI didn’t see the twist of Tiuri not having the actual powers, and it was actually Valinia. I also didn’t see the twist of Iona being a traitor. When she pulled the “sorry” stunt, I actually believed it’d be sincere. BUT then she becomes a full on villain (or just a person out for themselves).

The ending...just wasted my time watching this.That boy playing the lute looks like Pippin Took from LoTR

This was an AMAZING series. Loved it, cant wait and hope you guys do season 2. Wish you guys would pick up shannara chronicles season 3. That was anotehr amazing fantasy show!!! Hoping you working on death note 2 or going to release a 4k uhd version on disc of the first movie. Loving what you guys doing, keep it up!

They using black actors for medieval... for a changed. might be im used to lord of the rings. Damn.

Good start but horrible ending. Wasted my time

<a href="">1:18</a> this style of music has become the staple generic hype music of every single show on netflix as well as every single trailer to every single movie since 2017. I genuinely hate it and feel nauseous whenever I hear it. They might as add a bunch of dub step to the soundtrack also.

When me and my friend where watching Netflix we say the title and we where like wait a sec this is exactly like brief voor de koning but now it&#39;s an Netflix show wtf why

This series is absolutely amazing I was hooked with the first episode.  Keep them coming, Netflix!  This is the gold the media world is lacking!

Just cant believe I spent 6 hours continually for it. Good start but nothing more. Full of plot holes, boring CGI n omg what a terrible twist, n then I was like speechless when it came to the battle of light n idk smoke???.... Am I watching a kid show? They keep throwing many films and series abt medieval n fantasy world but hardly can make it right. Plz watch n learn or else you’ll ruin another one.

The series is actually very good

the actors made me not to watch this movie

woke!!

The series was TOO SHORT 😢

Looks good but jeez, the music is shite

This trailer is SOOOOO BAD just watch it !!!

This show is actually soo good, I 100% recommend

I feel like the series started out good and then by the end was rushed and somewhat confusing, especially when it pushed the main character aside for a tertiary character.

Can&#39;t he just tie the msg On tHe lEg oF tHe pIGeOn ?

bro just text him, damn.

a  black  young  knight???     no  thanks...   show  your  diversity  somewhere  else  Netflix...   this  series  going  to  be    flop   like   The  Troy  tv series  with  black  Achilles  lol...

Awesome, Love it.  Hoping for more :-)

Song? Please ^^

This...  is....  TERRIBLE ! !

Anticlimactic ending but I still hope there will be a season 2

Woke garbage. Painful to watch

Name of the song?

<b>Spoilers</b> The series is horrible. If you&#39;re looking for a fantasy with brave hero. Look elsewhere.  Unlike Harry Potter, Percy Jackson and other.  Tiuri is pathetic He cheated to become a novice knight. Can&#39;t fight, ride a horse, go far without being captured or taken advantage of due to his gullible nature. The kids that tease his are better at everything.  But there&#39;s this one thing he had. A prophecy that a hero will rise and save the kingdom. That this hero will wield magic to save us from the dark. Only problem its not Tiuri. We are lead to believe through 5 hour long episodes that he will be triumphant. After the constant whining, crying and having to be saved again and again. His adoptive father killed, his castle  burned down his mother imprisoned. All on a mistake.  And the fact that our hero is Black isn&#39;t lost on me. Actually all minorities in this series are either killed by villains or betray the heroes. I sit here watching what I thought might be the first Black magic hero. But all he does is stand there and watch others do all the heroic stuff.  Some say its not that bad. But if Harry Potter had gone through all the books and ended up having nothing to do  with defeating Voldemort. You be disappointed too.

Why couldn’t they just let the black kid be the hero just once? Just once?! For crying out loud. For Petes sake.

Tiuri looks like XXXTENTACION
Im waiting for see and the witcher s02

Corona

Surprisingly awesome show. Of course its kids, so that makes it immediately childish. That could not be a more unfair label. Maybe try watching the first few episodes before you criticize. We thoroughly enjoyed it!

At the end of episode 3 when we first see the powers u hear some epic music, does anyone know the name pls??

ZTJ6MNEGDD coupon 20.00 on the first ifood order 🥰🙏 don't leave home order an ifood ❤
Season 2: Secrets in the woods. 2nd book of Tonke Dragt. Hopefully they dont mess it up this time...

When I was a child, I read the book over and over. The Book was and is great. What you did with it is a shame. If this Series stood for it own,ist would be okay. But knowing how Good it could have been....

Was going to watch it but it made it unrealistic having a black guy in medieval Europe like that, it&#39;s just not part of our history:/

So how the hell is lavinia the chosen one? It makes no sense at all. She does not have any shaman connections to her but Tiuri does and yet he is not the chosen one. Smh.

worst ending ever movie was great thou

put a chinese a black kid a ginger and a white guy in the series and you have a netflix original.

they look like 12 year old kids. and they are fighting grown up man. tired of this kind of series and movies. its unrealistic. this little black guy is pathetic and beaten by the first grown up he comes across.

The definition of Blackwashing. it is terrible its just as bad as the amateur cosplay series called the witcher.

The series is amazingly good but the ending is just like Game of thrones all over again... Unsatisfying 🙆‍♂️

I LOVED it!!!  I would like to make one suggestion to the writer...instead of saying &quot;did we stop him&quot; and &quot;how could we not stop him&quot;...please identify the &quot;real enemy&quot; as IT!  Although Prince Viridian was the opposing force in flesh; the &quot;real&quot; evil was the spiritual Evil Darkness!?  I think that it would a good mental &quot;focus&quot; point for people viewing this movie.  Many times we feel and think that &quot;humans&quot; are the enemy i.e., like squabbling with neighbors, family, and so on.  But in all actuality; the &quot;REAL ENEMY&quot; is unseen.  I am NOT suggesting that humans be not accountable for the evil things they do; but that they need to recognize for &quot;Spirit&quot; behind people who act out bad behavior.  I can&#39;t wait for Season II; so step up guys and lets get busy because you&#39;ve done a FANTASTIC JOB in Season I.

This series is stupid the main character isn’t the main character.....the horse played a bigger role then the main character after he don’t hav no sword skill y’all taking the one thing that made him something wow

Maybe my 9 year old son, may like it.

Y use teens? when you do you loose credibility instantly

Low budget, unsatisfying action, and ridiculous character choices. Just overall seems weak.

The series is actually pretty good. It&#39;s made for a young adult audience so there won&#39;t be any gore here. The story starts of slow and a bit generic but it picks up the pace pretty quickly and the characters grow on you after you&#39;ve seen where they are coming from. The story here will hold your attention. It is another take on the classic hero&#39;s journey. Give this series a chance. This series is shot in New Zealand and the Czech Republic and there are some gorgeous locales Lord of the Rings fans will certainly appreciate. I am certainly enjoying it!

wow what a tv show! It’s a must!!! I missed so much mid evil show in combination with some powers.

Wait, there were black people in medieval Europe??

Black knights ... well, please: D

Xxxtentation

Trash. Highly not recommended

Looks cliche but I&#39;ll watch it, just in case it turns out to be epic

The ending was so anticlimactic

<a href="">1:18</a> Now, as far as i know, that&#39;s not music for a Medieval Fantasy show, but for a &quot;The lives of a bunch of teenagers in their rebelious stage in High School&quot; show.Seriously, pay attention to music.

Bro wtf what was this??🤣 this show was alright until it came with the plot twist of the girl actually having the powers. No explanation whatsoever. And the ending all that fighting just for the “dark monster” to be blown away by a lightbulb lmaoo. One of the worst adaptations ever lol. Guys just don’t even bother with this show.

Asian and black people in the time of medieval? The most unrealistic show I have ever seen.👎👎👎 Europeans with their tolerance have become inadequate.

So the boy from &quot;His Dark Material&quot; wander off to the medieval time.

Netflix must really have a lot of money to waste, how about putting it towards content people actually want, like a full Berserk adaptation that the fans have been crying out for.

Netflix?! In the story De brief voor de Koning the armor is supposed to be black, not the man.

Why do I have a feeling that if they made a show about an African village with a white lead, they’ll call it racist? But this is not for some messed up reason.

Series was alright but the ending was sooo anti-climactic , so much build up for nothing !

I don’t recommend it ur just gonna be disappointed exactly like game of thrones if u have seen it they hype up the main character who has the right blood and characteristics and isn’t even the chosen one

Just finished the first season, the song the kid plays on the lute in an earlier episode if from &quot;The Dead South- In Hell I&#39;ll Be in Good Company&quot; and again is whistled at towards the end of episode 6

I wanted him to have the power tbh

SPOILERS!!!The lore leads to the boy, but the girl ends up having the powers.I don’t understand it aren’t shows suppose to have some common sense?Im a little kid that likes the show, but can it make sense the next time there’s a show like this.

why do you put the cringy kids as main characters.. dafuq kind of GoT meets Stranger things bs is this

One of the best series i have ever seen no doubting that.But themusic just WHY

They managed to ruin a really good book...

It sucks

Just finished watching the season it was great love the plot twist and the ending 👀 hopefully we get another season ❤️

Brief voor de koning &gt; Letter to the king

There is a music at the begining of episode 5 when they show mountains ...can somebody please tell me the name of that music i really like it ....

Feels like a lord of the rings rip off

Read the book as a child and loved it.still have it somewhere on a shelf with the second one.But this trailer is horrifying if you read the original story.I just deleted several sentences after realizing its offensive and pointless anyway.

This does not look accurate to the book at all

I think Tiuri also has powers because why else would he be the one who gets all those followers on him and why else did the man in the monastery give him that special chain?

Is the main character supposed to be a black european noble? Cultural appropriation much? Heres hoping they cast Tom Cruise as Shaka Zulu.

Best series ever
Gonna be honest. It looks pretty bland.

Another crap series

Something interesting is coming up
The show was actually good. Who cares how the music seems. Its a modern twist on the times of knights. The plot is interesting. It seems like the younger audience will enjoy watching it. I&#39;ve seen a few movies &amp; shows lately where the music seems to be different from the themed era shown. I think it&#39;s the trend lately...

I wish every reviewer stops comparing every medieval show to Game of Thrones. Yes, that show is nice but should not be the unit of measurement for fantasy. Go look for your political fantasy murder porn somewhere else.

I know medieval life expectancy was low, but they look 11

I read this book 2 years ago it was the best thing I’ve read in a long time

Looks like a terrible cast.

Will this be translated into Hindi?
It was a good series except for that shitty last episode

We wuz kangs
Song/Music: The Phantoms - Stronger (feat. Black Violin)

Everything was great until the stupid plot twist about who has the powers and the unnecessary forced political/social agendas.

Was really happy with this show up till the final episode. 2 boys kissed and it all fell to shit.. get woke and go broke.

binged it in one day for the record haven’t read the book or seen the movies adaptation but I enjoyed the series and i seem to be the only one in the comments section to like the twist they had lol

To be shaman king 👑😂
Is anybody able to explain to me about Lavinia? It makes no sense to me 🤨

We need more color characters! Why aren&#39;t there Mongolians and Greeks?

Honestly I hated this series but also really liked it. I had mixed feelings about the end too, how the red rider guy rode off with the girl.

Anyone else getting Merlin vibes from this??

I plan to close my netflix subscription for them using a black actor that dont belong and has no place in any European setting back then.ME 2 STRIKES AGAIN

This was surpassingly very good! I wish there were more eps, saw all six eps on one night. Hoping for season 2!!

Thank you Netflix for ruining one of my childhood books. Great work!

Cinda Reminds me of Merlin also on Netflix

Just finished....horrible, just horrible..Do NOT waste your time..     Cons: Our supposed HERO shows up in the SECOND episode..Ridiculous. No story of how she got the powers...none at all. Tiuri is apparently the shamans son, but doesn&#39;t have any powers. The scary final battle they have been prophesying the whole time happens in dinner table and ends in 5 mins.

So, I watched it and it was good. Had some very powerful moments and great plot twists but the ending.. It was kinda lame.. [also <b>spoiler</b> my favourite character died..]

black knight ? looks weird and bad : D

Why is there Woman knights??????

why am i watched the whole series without watch the trailer first, very very dissapointing, especially the ending.  .-.

The letter for the king is my favourite book of all time, yet I&#39;m quite disappointed with this. I don&#39;t think this is anything like the book

The lead actor looks exactly like Piak from the book and not like Tiuri

It’s actually shit💀, the trailer made it look so good

The ending was a bit anticlimatic for me but it was a good show overall with young promising actors :)

Apart from New - Zealand, they also filmed in Czech castles, and they wear something that looks like real armour... If only they did something similar with the Witcher, instead of going to the Canary Islands in plastic outfits...

Is there a season 2

I only have to see the last episode and i can tell that everything in this serie are predictable... but that part <a href="">1:38</a> in the 5th episode uuhh this isn&#39;t so predictable😂 i&#39;m seeing the comments here and a lot of people hate this serie🤷‍♂️ in my opinion this is one of the best series i have ever seen

It&#39;s amazing series... Just Ending is avarage.... Other awesome one...

people that are comparing this to game of thrones are like comparing a 10 yr old playing the flute and mozart on the flocking PIANO on x6 bass boosted

Netflix I need u to know that the ending and how the boy did not have powers was just stupid and like we learn all this stuff bout and then u add a side character which no one gives a shot bout and we barely know anything bout here plus she is not even the main character I wish u see this comment cause the ending on this series is just FUKIN shit absolutely shit I wish u change it in season two and btw the fight scene was just a candle vs the dark I feel like u rushed the ending and in the next season make the FUKIN main character have powers

All I want to know is who&#39;s thst black stallion  horse belong to? ❤️❤️💞💞💞❤️💞❤️ Love that stallion... ❤️I want him.😉
It looks like avatar from Nickelodeon but a bit different

I felt like netflix really wanted to commit on this show but instead thought otherwise. Great cinematics poor story line and god that ending.

Rubbish..!!!
I like how this is a Dutch movie but is now on Netflix in another language.

Was Andy serkis
Lame not historical

look good
Waiting for Arthdal Chronicles next season..... story is damn good....US movie are always overrated 😏😏 need to appreciate Asian movie

hopefully the Amazon&#39;s TLOTR doesn&#39;t look like this.

Now i know why witcher feels sooo cheap and generic...

Wow! Looks boring

Can make all these stupid films that crash and burn but cant make a show based off Darren Shans Demonata book Series. That series was better than GOT, harry potter, etc.

thats will from the dark materials tv series

I enjoyed it overall. It&#39;s a kid&#39;s show and they saved the SJW bit for the last episode, luckily it occurs naturally (not preachy like most Netflix shows). Haven&#39;t read the books but the show has made me interested in doing so.

I just started watching this and it is a actually really good. That&#39;s just my opinion though.

Hate that 5 and 6 episodes  waste of time

THE PLOT TWIST WAS JUST UPSETTING 😒😒
Industry- clothes Manufacturing plant Private Limited Rishikesh.work for professional Qualifications-executive Assistant, intern assistant,  front office receptionist, Attendent , mail clerk ,office clerk.work for Technical Qualification - Machinist/Operator.,Production Manager.,Quality Control Inspector.salary - 16000 monthlocation - rishikeshRoom facilityone time canteen.working Hour - 9:00AM  to 4:00PM Ability - good communicating , good personality. only applicable for professional person.contact no- 9140730467    skill need here  -  ms Excel   power point

We wuz kings(in sjw world)

No no NOOOO THEY RUINED THE BOOKS
The horse😭

the woke cast makes it very difficult to watch

Main protagonist black, antagonist white, best fighter asian girl ... Yeah, kind of expected that in these days.

Real talk, why does the race of the lead really matter so much to those upset? If the personality of the character was changed drastically then sure, but hating solely on skin tone seems petty as hell.

The young cast not believable

Worst ending
A lot of f**king racists under this trailer. And clowns murdering a show just from watching the trailer, just because they&#39;ve read a darn book. I&#39;m watching it. F**k y&#39;all

The series was sooo good and thrilling, and then the ending just f*cked it all up. Ugh, I hate it when that happens!!

I just finished watching this show and it was honestly so good. The music in the trailer isn&#39;t the best but when you actually watch the show it format have any of that in there so I don&#39;t think y&#39;all will be dissapointed

10/10 I recommend!!!!

this sucs watch the real movie of this way better

I like the looks of this one.

Do we really need to force diversity in everything? We get it but please respect the source material

Fairy tales like these are great .

looks a lot like lotr? even the scene with the mountain...anyone noticed that?

Dropped it after 2 episodes. Writing of this crap is appaling and acting isn&#39;t much better

could have been more btetter

Yeah, Typical netflix shit...Changing a white dude into a black guy, but still leaving his love interest a white girl, because black dude and black girl wouldn&#39;t be progressive enough. And let&#39;s give him a bunch of white boys followers. Blackwashing.

This european fantasy is wack. Acting like the pale faces were the only ones around back then when they were actually in caves eating and screwing each other. I didn&#39;t like this series at all.

Basically the same as the ending of game of thrones, just disappointing

Jussipo x foldo omg fuchdkuffg I love them.

the letter reads: this was just a test.

I like this series so much...

I hope season 2 will also appear :)

Am at episode four and not even a single kiss or a little bit of nudity in this series? c&#39;ommon it&#39;s bad tho but at least  these makes a series more attractive and emotional to watch... it&#39;s a nice series anyway I love the story line

looks bloody awful

G E K O LO N I S E E R D
Well this sucked

I watched it and it was really good like really good like I finished it in a day

Why teenagers?!!

Teenagers ruin me movies.Now we know

Looks very badly made, with a poor story, teens, poor jokes and background music, many parts make no sense, just by watching the trailer i can say that at least for me is not worth watching, did netflix join with dysney?

This movie is almost similar to zelda:botw? it has ganon, a &quot;princess&quot; with five champions, blood moon. idk just sayin

Disappointing twist and Shitty ending

The plot looks good, but again, the actors are crap, zero charisma.It&#39;s a norm for you Netflix these days...

OMG What&#39;s wrong with netflix and highschool teens every single freaking show its a must to have bunch of kids on netflix. Im sick of it

The Khara series, acting out the Kalash Khara scenario, is something I do not recommend at all
Is that good or not?
Okay but seriously.....I actually like the series 😂😂💯

Please no more shows with British accents.  After a while you just want to walk away from the show and take a shower.  If you don&#39;t end up falling asleep to mundane british dialog.

I&#39;m going to wait for the next season!!?

african-american knight?
dont  waste your time  watching this

India big fan 🇮🇳❤👌
Just finished the whole season,  it wasn&#39;t bad but It can&#39;t be compared with Witcher

I made it to episode 3 while I do not agree with the apparently &quot;not racist but..&quot; people in the comments I do agree that this political correct b.s is getting out of hand. Plus they make the mc look like a complete dumbass. I&#39;m done watching.

I&#39;d watch this show but the characters don&#39;t look catchy at all

its gewd
this looks exciting

Even knowing the name of the song, I can’t find where to listen to it ((
I was interested in the first minute. Made sure to stop it before Netflix spoilt it as usual with their very long trailers.

Ugh, starring a bunch of millennials. Hard pass.

Just watched it I actually kinda liked it. Was it the best series I&#39;ve ever seen? No. Was the end fight boring? Yes definitely. Were there unanswered questions and storylines that weren&#39;t told to the end? Yes. But overall it was a quite a cute story, it had some interesting characters, a beautiful setting and actually some really nice scenes. I also think that it is a really good series to watch in english for non native speakers. Even tho it was a fantasy/ medieval series, the vocabulary was quite easy to understand and I managed to follow along (for natives this maybe is a minus point). So I have to say, that it made my time under quarantine way better, even tho I think that it&#39;s more a series for younger people than for elder ones. I probably wont watch it again but I also wouldn&#39;t say that I waisted my time watching it! Besides why do always the gay ones die, from the moment they kissed, I knew one of them would die...can someone explain this😂👌

wee need great movie or series about great story of umayyd khalifat 🕋☪🕌🖤 we neet movies talking about truth realy life not only joke

More diversity brainwashing from Netflix.

Hope there’s a season 2 soon finished season 1 in one sitting

To anyone who has been desperately looking for the song : Stronger – The Phantoms Feat. Black Violin

Who put the track to this trailer..You don’t get it.

I was waiting to see a rap guy popping up at some point

Please no. I actually liked this book

Good job Netflix, It&#39;s not a dub of another language into English! Though I DID like &quot; The Protector &quot; ... I can&#39;t watch the second season... My OCD won&#39;t let me....

Just watched this 6 episodes on Netflix.. not impressed. Please cancel. Will read books instead.

I&#39;m sorry. The music put me off.

Its not like Merlin but its.. ok,

Seems pretty good from a first glance.

It’s shit.

This looks AMAZING I can&#39;t wait to watch it! Frankly I for one welcome the death of gritty, grimdark fantasy storytelling where everyone is different shades of awful, and the return of sweeping, hopeful fantasy with characters you can root for and some actual heart to it.

Fav new show. I swear. I did not like the  first episode but watch it. The rest worth it

It looked alright until the music came in. Completely wrong choice of music. That (awful) music can work for some modern action film but medieval fantasy? I don’t understand how someone doesn’t understand that those two things just don’t fit.

Childish, bad acts and thought too simple. Only the landscape gives the film an honor. Too bad NETFLIX

Yeah.....no I&#39;m good playing Doom Eternal this week.

so sick of casting weak looking people for lead heroes

All the dutch people watching how one of there fav childhood films get turned to this... love it tho

and ... of course ...

ebiC

Someone knows what song is?

Very good series 👍🏻I recommend Netflix to drop trailer for this series to get more viewers 👌👌👌👌

I not discreminating the show but correct me if l&#39;m wrong is it going to be about a kid is thought to be weak but something happens and he is tasked with giving a letter to the king and then for some reason he becomes the most looked up to person because if im right the whole trailer spoilt it for me but still going to watch it to prove my accusations

Who liked the trailer?
stupid , millennial attendance only!

Name of this song: Stronger by the Phantoms ft Black Violin

As usual, the books are ruined.

The main character is supposed to be as white and blonde as in the books.

Just binge watched the entire season. Everything was alright except for the ending. The ending was just horrible.Edit - it could&#39;ve been a good show if it wasn&#39;t for the ending and the plot holes. The battle wasn&#39;t really a battle, I honestly don&#39;t get what the directors had in mind. They built up a story yet they failed to deliver it in a way the viewers will find it entertaining.

So is this like half of the 1st episode or half of the series? They show you so much in this trailer that makes me think they try rly hard to pass this as good , ill pass.

wasn&#39;t too interested until Andy Serkis

I AM From India 🇮🇳🇮🇳.... Weldone NETFLIX
Watch it, very good serie.

The cinematography for this looks good!

It&#39;s actually great. I mean it. I dont like the end that much but all the 6 episodes are worth watching.

Why we need 10 different etnics in a white mediëval story?
a black kid playing a medieval hero and a white kid playing the villian. another political statement, seriously.

looks lame

have u tried email?

FRODO!!!

this just... isn&#39;t the thing to fill the hole left by bbc merlin, is it?

Damn this was a disappointment it was just a pg 9 kids movie that was extremely boring. The King movie on Netflix was way waaaaaaay better.

I was okay with  theese  series till episode 5 ended. turned it off after. Like what the heck, i didnt like that plot twist at all. Ruined series for me. (mby it was in books, i dunno)Gonna need time to finish  last episode. Usually i dont mind diverse cast, but it was too much i think. (it would be the same if Gerald of Rivia would be played be Idris Elba. :D)i can feel SJW in the air. Plus felt kinda childish too. 5/10

anather tv show were a woman is 10 times physically stronger than a man, and more faster more intelligent overall more.... POS show

Tiuri was not black... man. This is not a racist comment.

Might be interesting if the protagonists weren&#39;t 12.

Why do they need to put a straight kiss into every single trailer? We get it. They like people of the opposite gender. Stop pushing it in our face. Despite that, it looks good. We&#39;ll see.

Its a european story but the most actors dont look european at all.. its not realistic at all

It can never be better than the book.

Remove that music!

omg childhood memories come back😳
Great show I just finished the whole thing and it just came out hope there is a season 2

Weird choice of music.  Really jarring with the footage

One of my favourite books as a kid! Not sure this adaptation is for me though - it looks more like a buddy road trip sprinkled with some LOTR and GoT influences.

yeah.....nah....
Why are there black knights?

Based on a very good Dutch book and movie. Hope it will be even well

Medieval times with forced diversity. Pass!

Of course there&#39;s diversity...

we wuz knightz and shiet!
Children's game was removed, sadness
Blatant revisionism, just because the whole Black Race has such a pathetic history and an even more pathetic culture to make up for it.

WE WUZ MEDIEVAL DUTCH KANGZ N SHEEIT!

We Wuz Knights N Shit
Awful.

Revisionism crap like this is why I unsubbed from you Netflix. Just garbage

What&#39;s with all the diversity hires in a medieval Europe setting?

Looks like its about a bunch of highschool teens from the modern US who got sent back in time to a Medieval American version of New Zealand.

What song is this

Oh look more rewriting of the past to fit modern political correctness.

Good to see more people of color and strong women. Medieval settings are no longer white washed by straight white males.

Colonized!
Can&#39;t wait...

Another politically correct series. I am getting tired of this

Same guy from dark material

So.... How many Medieval Shows do you plan to make???NETFLIX: Yes!

Someone who wants to learn Portuguese, send a message on instagram @victorhugolopesdepaula

Hmm, the lead doesn&#39;t look very European... I thought the setting is based on medieval Europe not modern day London.

At first glance similar to the film Narnia

The Phantoms - Stronger (feat. Black Violin), but I can't find where to listen! ((
Name of the song ?

I could tell this was filmed in New Zealand right away. There is no mistaking that beautiful country ❤️

Doesn't look damn familiar
So cool to see an old dutch book making jt to hollywood as a series

i&#39;m so excited! i love medieval series!
for those of you who are looking for medieval stuff watch Merlin on netflix, one of the best medical shows i’ve watched to this date for sure

for those who are asking for the title of the song it&#39;s Stronger – The Phantoms Feat. Black Violin

Nice Trailer

Omg that book the letter for the king by tonke dragt is letterly my youth!

netflix the letter for the king amazing video you deserve more views I really liked it

Music name

I just can’t understand this series? or a movie?
The song matches it btw wut is the song

Shame
this comments section 🤦‍♀️ the series is not based on history nor is it set in real medieval times, it’s fictional and set in a fictional world.

That&#39;s Will Parry!!

Power rangers 2.0
1912?

oh gawd.. yet another teen woke crap....

Waaaaait is this a dutch story?? I faintly recognise it

I read this book for school! Nice

Yes, i love medival fantasy
Am I the only one looking for Russian comments?!
Those who say it looks like a maze runner like
a black knight lol
Why so many changes to the book? No Piak? Magic? Huge battles? I guess because it&#39;s relatively unknown in English-language markets, they thought they could get away with it.

The original story has NO magic at all and it&#39;s all about the Black and Red Knights and their white and red shields, which I don&#39;t even see in the trailer.... <del>slightly worried</del>

“The letter for the king” is much better. True fact.
I read the book and saw the original Dutch adaptation like 50 times when I was a kid

It’s a Dutch book! Also a Dutch movie a few years ago

This looks afwul

I&#39;m excited for this

Netflix: medieval and black films are hot!me: time for Black Knight 2 with martin Lawrence

Meh, soon as I see the main characters are teen-agers it immediately looks shite

Wow this show looks incrediable but is it better than dota 2?

Does anyone know the song at <a href="">1:19</a>?

Nice diverse Cast 👍
<b>Crying in spanish</b> please I just want Anne with an e

What&#39;s the name of the song in this trailer?

As much as I am happy that we are starting to get more fantasy type shows, this looks like it was made by the same people who made MTV&#39;s Shannara series and I expect it will do about as well.

A letter to the king no but okay
Half black protagonist in a mediaval times NIce netflix

That&#39;s not why I re-read the novel so many times

Funny how they do not dare to do this with movies or series based on Chinese history.

Its like 1917 but not

Can’t wait

this is based of a dtuch stuff :D good job ;D

Finally a movie about teenagers who triumph over evil and evil adults; haha just kiddin that’s most movies now...

Any algerian? 🇩🇿🇩🇿 ILyeees
<a href="">1:40</a> he is a having good time!

Il aim at 4/10 just by the trailer :P

So a fetch/deliver quest?Sign me in.
Lead actor has exactly one facial expression.

Looks like it was filmed in mid wales at <a href="">0:38</a>

y’all know this is a fictional world right?

anyone know that music trailer?

The music was completely distracting and the rhythm felt way too fast for the suspense they were trying to build...really killed the whole immersive experience they were trying to get at

COME ON NETFLIX!!! THERE IS JUST TOO MANY THINGS TO WATCH ON NETFLIX THIS MARCH.

Very good film

"bucket" damn, good idea
Bruh why this shit look like it got a bigger budget than The Witcher?

So you&#39;re telling me I&#39;m the only person who has watched 1917? No movie can beat that movie.

when did bi-racial become the new black?.. I mean its cool to see diversity but  isnt that partial representation 🤷‍♀️

Sorry, but isn't this just a letter from the king, but in English?
This serie took along ass time a few years ago a saw something about this Dutch book being made into a serie but goddamn such a long time

is that the cute chubby kid from stranger danger?

We was kangz n shet

I am getting a Witcher vibe

1917 medieval with much less budget or what?

What&#39;s the song in the trailer?

Name of the song?

Still no one know the name of the song?🤷🏼‍♀️🤦‍♀️
Must watch.

how in the hell do you tell a horse : &quot;STOP&quot;.    It looks medieval but, the dialogue leaves alot to be desired.

Check out and Subscribe now

The fellowship of the letter.

Oh I thought this was an adaption of the book but this is a completely different story.

vesemir is everywhere i see !

Is this a series or a movie?

teen medieval fantasy ... serious?! 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
NEW ZEALAND 😍😍😍
Whats the song that gets played

Who else saw Mulan at <a href="">1:46</a> 👀

you know i wonder if there ever was black knights in medieval times? can you image those racists loosing there troll minds if there was?

? goúd?👁 wanna c it 🔥👍.Thx u 🙌😤💀♎...
Dam! So this how we got messages before texting and e-mail. Your mail man had to be a real badass to get your shit on time! Never mind the bandits, murderous, animals and general A-holes.

Song name?

Hmmm... the series looks VERY different from the book...

the production looks amazing on this

not bad pg medieval fantasy Moveis, good for the kids

This looks pretty neat but my favourite part was when it was ruined entirely by the terrible music. If you want to create a memorable film or series you need an original score, not the rights to some cute techno music. Imagine LOTR with this kind of music. Honestly, it’s embarrassing.

This looks BORING as hell! PASS!!

Having read the original book, and having seen the dutch movie adaptation, I know I&#39;m gonna be dissapointed in this.

I CAN&#39;T BELIVE GIJS BLOM IS IN THIS! I LOVE HIM SINCE &quot;BOYS&quot; AHHHH

I read the book almost 20 years ago.I loved it so much back then.You have no idea how happy this makes me....It is too much to ask if you could try your hand at Eragon next?

assassins creed: round table

Witcher is better

The movie says it all

&quot;Is that YA?&quot;<b>music cue</b>&quot;Yep, that&#39;s YA!&quot;

Prob will watch, but forced diversity is getting old

Can anyone plz tel me what is the name of the song playing in the background

So teens vs adults in medieval setting

Netflix is creating cheap version of GOT

1917 Medieval Version
Waoo

Looks boring off.
teenage and red trash
There sure are a lot of black people in these shows set in medieval Europe.

This shit looks stupid not watching.

What is the damn song its been 4 days now come on!

I loved this book as a kid. Don’t remember any magic though?

Anyone know what the song is?

Netflix make the Dresden Files series based on books of jim butcher!!! like to see

Looks boring and generic, yet the cinematography looks great

his eye bags are massive😂😂😂😂😂😂

I always love to watch movies like this 😍😍

Netflix colonized
If you&#39;re going to do a period Correct movie cast of accordingly I&#39;m so tired of this woke casting.   I don&#39;t know who&#39;s in charge of Netflix&#39;s casting department on these projects but they&#39;ve been doing such a horrible job In the last couple of series. Although I really like The Witcher some of the characters we&#39;re awful in their casting...

another blackwasing character movie! Racist netflix is on high level again.This racial discrimination against white peoples are outrageous! Like the movie &#39;All the bright places&#39; and &#39;P.S. I Still Love You&#39; by also netflix changing intentionally the character to a black person

Can anyone tell me please, What&#39;s the name of song playing in the background at <a href="">1:18</a>

Me:  probably gonna try watching thisYou: also probably gonna try watching this

I was talking shit on the title but I clicked on the trailer anyway. That opening scene and the starting narration hooked me almost immediately!

Old gunner solksjaer is in this.

This looks pretty garbage.

G E K O L O N I S E E R D
Why did they replace the main character with a black guy? What exactly was the point??

This is giving me Legend of the Seeker vibes...I miss that show...

I&#39;m starting to feel the letter is just a McGuffin.

TEENAGERS.. Do they  convince there parents to pay the netflix bill, apparently.

it&#39;s the kid from His Dark Materials. And Andy Serkis

Seems like Netflix hired the guy who named Disney+ marvel series

Why can&#39;t they just hit the King up on his Twitter?

Cast is shit

This is the darkest knight that i have ever seen. I wonder: does he like to steal horses, sell smoking herbs and rob white knights?

Very nice. Looking forward to seeing it!

Why? I was fine until they put FUCKIN modern music.Edit: Also there weren&#39;t that many Black or Middle-Eastern in Europe until the 1500 or 1600s. It would make sense if they were mercenaries. Most African &amp; Middle Eastern Mercenaries travelled to parts of Europe but not alot of Asians did either.

Can&#39;t wait for a series set in China where the main leads are a white guy and a black girl...

Where is David wenham????

PROSTOO PIEZDETS/ telka-ritsar, negor-evropeets, YEEEBAAT`
Damn it, what's that song in the trailer and why can't Shazam find it?!)
(1920 + Lord of the rings)- (awesomeness) = this shit

Already falling asleep during the trailer. So generic...

Well at least its not a current remake

What&#39;s up with Netflix and a shit ton of garbage teen series? Netflix is Quantity more then quality

Can anyone please tell me the name of the trailer song?

should have just sent an Email.

Watch them deliver it and it’s a blank piece of paper

So they threw everything about the original book out of the window except for the child knight and delivering a letter to the king part. Ugh.

I&#39;ve a Great and new story, but the time is not yet Coming. 2020 I believe in you.

looks like CW&#39;s version of LOTR

Oh yesss, I loved the book as a child. Loved they are making a Dutch book into a series

<a href="">0:56</a> 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 that soundtrack where can I find it
That&#39;s will from his dark materials and he&#39;s so ADORABLE. Like I wanna do that grandma thing and pinch his cheeks

Blacks again in the Middle Ages
Forced diversity and shitty shows will never take off. Sorry :\

medieval + kids... no thank you :P if it was young adults then it would be much more interesting. kids are just to week looking to be running around wielding a sword against fully grown men in armor. just my personal taste. this show are probably made for teens to watch anyway.

Black poeple make lot of cultural stealing on netflix

I’m intrigued

The fellowship of the letter

They seem to have invested a lot in this production, in fact, beautiful locations. But putting music like that in the trailer, for a story that in my opinion seems like a fantasy epic, is disheartening. Not to mention that this teenager thing is becoming massive in the series, even though in the book they are young characters, they could very well have actors and actresses in their 20s to play them. GoT did this and it worked really well. Not to mention that I didn't feel a hint of emotion in the characters' eyes at any point. In short, it has everything to be a good series, but they lost their hand in the trailer. I hope I'm wrong!
These kinda movies make me bored.
Any Ceaser Fans??

1917 medieval version :D
Great. Another YA book adaptation with a special chosen one main character

Yo anyone know the song on the trailer??

Spoiler alert: The king is none other than Bran Stark!!

remember this netflix, everytime you add a shait cheap trap music to a medieval movie be it fantasy or not, you&#39;ll lose audience for that one.

It&#39;s gonna be bad

This series seems so amazing! I&#39;m very excited to watch!

The cast looks ... I can’t

This is an awful adaption of an awesome book and don&#39;t get me started on the fact that these idiots had to bring magic into a world where no magic exists

Wish they had done the same with The Witcher. That kind of cinematography and budget should be provided to that worthy show.

WTF is this?

Terrible trailer, but i am excited for the serie.

Oh yeah❤️
Medieval 1917
I don&#39;t know about this chief.

Impressive

I don’t feel medieval. Everyone is so clean and stylish, ugh 😑

What a pile of generic teen shite. They all follow the same structure and build up.

I like stuff like this, so when it comes out I will give it a go.

Fox : 1917HBO: GOTLiterally no oneNetflix: the letter for the king

Fox: 1917Netflix: You know what lets make someNetflix: in medival

OMG this is based on a book ‘even brief voor de koning’ which is a very popular book in the Netherlands. There is already a Dutch version and I can’t believe they make an English version of the movie too! I’m so excited

🙄

Medieval goonies 👍
This film already exists. They are remaking it and this movie doesnt look half as good as the first one

Netflix is getting hot again. I can&#39;t wait for March to come.  This is exciting!

Music?

Too many medieval shows, can we already get one on greek mythology

well this looks shite

so amir wilson switched trackshuh

<b>Netflix: puts out another fantasy, magic involved, book based, generous budget series</b>Me: Still waiting on any kind of Throne of Glass adaptation   -_-

Mail delivery has certainly come a long way

Interesteddddd!

1917: We have to give the letter to the germansNetflix:Wait,We can make it to the king at least

Does anyone hear &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; theme at <a href="">0:56</a> ?

Netflix is killing it. Love seeing series like this that would never been on cable!

Meh

Obvious fantasy setting with non white people existsWhite people:tHat&#39;S nOt hiStoRiCAL

Yes baby, yes!!!

Great Dutch native main character!!! 🖤🖤🖤
Sadly this looks utter shit...

We

So, basically... they&#39;re mailmen?

How come this has better production values than The Witcher??? NOT FAIR!!! Series 2 better be at least like this :D

Casting !!!!!!! Definitely giving this a watch!

I often overlook the importance of costume design, but it&#39;s unrealistic teen shows like this that remind me how important it is to world building.

Thanks Netflix

Outlaw king looked much much better.

We see what you’re doing with your subtle castings. Manipulating the masses and the New Europeans to believe they’ve always been a part of the Ethnic make up of Europe.

Anybody know the song starting at <a href="">1:17</a>?

Floop

Anyone know the name of the song?

Looks Good

Dutch euro film with a mystery meat KANGZ lead and fat dumpy girl who&#39;s the best fighter. lol. why the fk do i even have netflix at this point?

Awsome job :) looks cool

I know the book by heart. This seems to have very little in common with it. I still hope it is good and does the book justice somehow.

Game of Thrones: Kids Edition

1917 medieval edition
Oh yes

Looks good !👍
We Wuz Kangz
Still waiting for narnia

Does anybody knows the name of the song? It&#39;s awesome to my mind

<a href="">0:38</a>....LOTR in The Two Towers before Helm&#39;s Deep?

Song name plz

Now that’s cool 👍

just take the ugliest kids and give them main roles in the series. and every one has to have different race! omg

Why are they all so young? Is it like that in the book too?

Who heard the Mandalorian ?

It does not matter if you are handsome or young or powerfulBTW I am heading my way for becoming a successful YouTube please support me

Name a more iconic duo.-Netflix shows-Blackwashing European history and art.

&gt;Letter for the Kang.&gt;Get&#39;s stolen instead by protagonist.&gt;Kangdom is lost in first ep.Sheeeeeeeeiiiit!!!!

Why is he black though? Why is there a girl? This has nothing to do with the book?! I&#39;m not pleased! At all! This is an insult to all the fans of the book and movie!

Why does netflix have to appropriate Dutch culture and story telling by making the main character black? We&#39;re so sick of the browning down of white culture.

Can somebody tell me the name of the soundtrack

&quot;&quot;&quot;Netflix&quot;&quot;&quot; at it again, replacing the Dutch protagonist with a racemixed person.

So they delete comments about inappropriate color of lead character..

Looked okay until the hot beets kicked in and killed it. Ugh. Will check it out, but BAD trailer.

The horse is gonna fly!

What do you think gives you the right to disenfranchise White children&#39;s heroic roles by portraying them as POC?   We&#39;re all very sick of this garbage.

You need to make more films less series

OHMYGOD I READ THIS BOOK AS A KID YOU DON&#39;T KNOW HOW MUCH THIS MEANS TO ME, THANK YOU NETFLIX!!!
Another young adult fantasy ? :(

Just send it by postman. Smooth as a whistle.

Most exiciting!!

Why is a disgusting mutt playing the main character when it should be a European

Netflix stepping on streaming platforms necks

Cool...another generic fantasy.

Omid Djalili and Andy Muthafuckin Serkis, I&#39;m in.

looks amazing

Is this yet another story where all the villains are white males and all the good guys aren&#39;t.

Wow. It does not pay to be a human text messager in the medieval ages.

This looks really bad. It looks like another generic medieval series. Is the novel better than this?

black medieval knight ( oh shit
Just send an email. Yeash.

When finally met the king.<b>King</b> : Gimme the letter<b>Boy</b> : One sec...              Oh boy <b>I forgot it at the first place</b> 🤣🤣🤣🤣<b>King</b> : Million dollars in vein.......🤪🤪🤪🤪
boring ass fonts

well this is stupid like im trying to like it but really theres nothing to like......the mc looks lame he SOUND very lame as well like i just cant i mean compare the mc from the king henry by timothy chalamet like that show was good because the mc is badass in EVERY WAY

Hire a Witcher.

oh so it&#39;s like a long 1917
There is already a movie about it wich I really loved as a kid. I hate that everything has to be more and more epic and dramatic...

Lord of the Rings much  🤔 😂. Still gonna check it out though!

FINALLY! A medieval fantasy series with proper representation!!!I mean, it&#39;s a fact that there were lots of people of colour in medieval European art and history!

That actor was clearly chosen for his acting ability.........

Why is the main character 👨🏿?

Hi

The bgm in the first half resembles of The Witcher...

Enough of this horseshit.

Has a cheesy feel to it, but could be good

Am a sucker for this shit. Its been done before but I keep watching.. 😂.. Such a bloody sucker.

Am a sucker for this shit. Its been done before but I keep watching.. 😂.. Such a bloody sucker.

𝐈 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐢𝐦𝐩𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐭𝐨 𝐰𝐚𝐭𝐜𝐡 𝐤𝐧𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐬 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐛𝐚𝐛𝐲 𝐡𝐞𝐚𝐝𝐬
Netflix is trying really hard to take game of thrones spot

Enough with the black washing.(Medieval) Europe is white!

I like the fact that they adapt a Dutch novel, I really do. But why transform it into an epic fantasy series with magic and prophecy&#39;s? The original novel didn&#39;t need that. It was fine in it&#39;s own way. I really hope I&#39;m wrong and that the show does justice to the original novel. And that the sequel, Secrets of the Wild Wood, will be used as well.

Kim Bodniaaaaaaaa. I wanted to watch it for him, but it looks really good

Multiculturalism is in the modern world and I like it, but in the Medieval Era the people who build and rise the greatest empires were white, in that time the people were very racist including white vs white for many reasons. This do not respect history. I would like to see ancient movie with multiculturalism but then I realize that I’m watching a lie and I can’t. Multiculturalism in the modern world is not a problem, but multiculturalism didn’t exist before like now.
