For me seriously Anushka is more beautiful when she is without makeup than done makeup. She is naturally beautiful

Karisma best
They do not make up or not but they are beautifull Karishma  is always beautifull

Brother, wherever you look, you will bike.
Yaar inse ache to ham he Bina muh dhoye pura din nikal lete he but I am a girl

not shocking at all, just normal beautiful women &lt;3

..we make her paint her face and dance....John Lennon

Bipasha basu looks good even without makeup

I think they only need a break and rest

respect you all world natural beauty females in our country love from delhi those who are looking already naturall beauty without makeuo these celebrities also look like this makeover  ilegaly gaircanooni tarah ke se hamare jaise we our style agar hum inke saath emotional atychaar karenge to 



They all still look really good without makeup. it is the chinese women who look scary and creepy without their makeup!

Song name?

Dipika mam without makeup ohhh 

Nargis looks better without makeup 

They look fine

Kangana is the only one who looks better without make up

Hi anyone interested in modelling and acting. Currently we are looking for fresh models for our web series

Holy fuck

Some pic are both Makeup...not difference

Anushka Sharma is looking better in both looks

anushka looks beautiful even without make up but pakistani actress are more beautiful without makeup

Really actress Bollywood face it&#39;s not beautiful and make up lagaauo.yeh sahi hai.

To me, Vidya Balan still looks beautiful without makeup. Or rather she looks more beautiful without makeup.

Look at Bipasa Basu, he looks like a laborer in a cement factory.
Looks dead without makeup.

Duck Anushka was still with makeup.

These women are BEAUTIFUL without makeup.

Nargis Fakhri looking better from rest of them without makeup

Alia is the best 

Celina Jaitley ️RekhaAnushka Sharma 
Kisi or ko kuch kehne se pehle khudki bareme socho.. Ki tum kiya ho

Pehle apni khudki without makeup vdo banau.. Fir kisi or ki karna..

Sushmita Sen still looks stunning !
But reality is that they struggled to gain this fame and all....they have telent that&#39;s why they are in films

Why indian people use more cosmetics even boys use it .keep it natural , beautifull and fresh.

These are not shocking pics.  These are normal human beings living their lives.

Fashions will increase, clothes will decrease; Only God knows how many games of all seasons will be left. Cut your hair, grow your nails; Apply fake face on the face. Duniya Soap Oil. (song from the famous film Anari Anari 1959)
Comparison is useless.. Why are you comparing the picture of last year with the previous one.. Comparing the picture of 90s with that of 2018.. Not good.. Look at Karishma Kapoor.. There is no visible difference...
IT&#39;S THEIR PROFESSIONTHAT&#39;S WHY THEY HAVE TO PUT ON MAKE UP.....AND BECAUSE OF THIS WE CAN&#39;T ACCEPT THEM IN THEIR NATURAL WAY

Normal look is always good 
Alia bhatt look more realistic than others.

Karisma without mekup . achi lag rhi he or Anushka bhi .....or sabse becar so Sonam Kapur 

All of those look beautiful without makeup

Annushka

Only Karishma Kapoor and Anushka looks beautiful without makeup 

All I see is stil very beautiful

Celina looks more beautiful without makeup

Only Madhuri,Celina,urmila,shraddha,Aishwarya and anushka looks beautiful and above average without makeup

Only Ali Bhatt js natural beauty

GOD created us beautifully  and wonderfully made but we are imperfectionist ️

Omg they&#39;re.....human

These look pretty chudails

Rich people
We are far better than them

Plz show now pics coz it&#39;s their young photos

There are new better looking actresses than old ones.N it only needs personality.

You literally took the old, early debut photos of the actresses and compared them with super glamorous photos. That&#39;s so unfair. Not to mention, most of the photos were candid shots. Also, they&#39;re nothing close to &quot;unrecognizable&quot; as you mentioned at the beginning.

Wow! Talk about all smoke and mirrors!!!!They are mostly ugly really?

Karishma real beauty

Without meauckup beautiful ️

Jo sab sy bori pics wo dalin tu ugly hi lagni na normal way main without makeup pics hon tu itna fark na ho

I can see now these actress are nothing infront of My girlfriend yaaahooo .Booyah

Tanushree Dutta looks more or less the same for me.

Anushka is beautiful

Alia Bhatt is looking beautiful without makeup

Alia Bhatt ️
रंD without makeup is like a Dyen

Anushka sharma and Karishma look so beautiful even if they don&#39;t have make up

Actress without makeup look 



Bipasha Basu
Karishma and selina jetli looks better without makeup.

without makeup they look like literally shit.

KARISHMA &amp; ANUSHKA

Kangana ranaut is always stunning

Only anushka looked somewhat close to her makeup look without makeup 

Anushka Sharma nice 
Alia is cute without makeup 

Actually we think that why can&#39;t we be like actress but they look good only in the makeup and nothing more so no need to be like anyone as we are we are better

We must accept natural changes in our body. No one is immortal even our bones  will dissolve one day then why putting so muh chemical on face

Sonam Kapoor
This is cemra diffrenc not mackup falt...krishma,, anoshka and some others are realy beautiful without any mackup..and i like rani mukarki dapeeka padokon kafreena kreena etc without mackup..from pak

My name is Bipashwi Bipasha

Sonam Kapoor is looking better and worse
omg stop humiliating sonam she was using color corrector at that Time it was not her without makeup

Ziydha to without makeup kisi taky ki bi ni lag rhi

Stay single boys

Karishma kapoor 
Without makeup karishma kapoor much better than makeup

Anushka sharma look good
kangna ranot

Not everyone buys their falsehoods.... People are waking up more and more.... And as I say, they play dead... But they are more alive than you.
Transforming is not good, sooner or later your theater falls apart... But don't worry, they fit perfectly in such a false world
Or well let's say they don't come out as they are because they are pretty????? Nah
Suddenly it's the angles, isn't it? Maybe
OMG

Nowadays people are so insecure about their beauty that they do so much make up,do plastic surgery,do tv ads that judge someone&#39;s beauty...idk why people are so obsessed with those insecure kpop idols who are nothing but plastic

There&#39;s nothing to be shocked. Anyone is allowed to wear makeup to be a better version of themselves.

Sonam kapoor was never pretty

<a href=""> Oops Moments of Bollywood Actresses

Alia and karishma is real beauty

Karishma is really a diva. She has a natural beauty which doesn&#39;t even need makeup.

Hilarious 
Makeup transformation <a href="">
Make is just an accessory,these women are successful and beautiful with or without make up.

Alia Bhatt, Kangana Ranaut ️️️️
All eye washes

Absolutely

<a href=""> Found this new unheard romantic song

This is injustice with normal peoples

Nargis fakhri actually looks better without makeup

Why are they choosing the worst photo they could find of celebs just to make them look ugly or something

Sonam Kapoor 
Anushka Sharma looking very beautiful

Only Alia looks beautiful without makeup

This actress more beautiful without Makeup 

Rekha, madhuri dixit, rani mukherjee, my god
Oh my god i jst realised m so btfl

Karishma v&amp;Anushka without meckup bhi achhi lagi

I think it&#39;s their random pics.. Ye to kisi ki bhi buri ho skti hhh

Sonam kapoor won the contest 

Sabse bhayanak to sonam Kapoor lagi

Selected pics of them in the worst possible lighting, and compared with professionally edited photoshoot images .plus if people were to look the same before and after makeup whats the entire point of a makeup artist? Theyre humans too.

3333

Alia still cute
Omg Bollywood.. I’m planning to go there soon! 

Tani aro koto episode ace amar life a
Chiiii sonam kapoor 
Sonam Kapoor 


The girls from my village look better than these and that too without makeup.
Anushka is gorgeous without makeup too gorgeous anuu

Hats off to  makeup artist

Only Karishma Kapoor is better without makeup even more better than her makeup look

Alia, karishma and anushka bina makeup k bhi thik lag rahe hai

Dipika didn’t look that bad with out make up but kangana was the worse

Anushka Sharma is looking a bit good even without makeup

krishma kapoor best
Alia bhatt natural cute
<a href="">00:43</a> it can not be reality

im not calling them ugly, but this is literally catfishing..

Anushka Sharma and Madhuri looks good without makeup too

Alia looking good without makeup also

Tbh all are beautiful yes makeup makes u bit different but that doesn&#39;t make a bare face ugly.. We all are in a same track one day when we age we will have flaws too, we should accept everyone with or without makeup instead of judging.️

Yes there is a god
They&#39;re not shocking tho, thts wht a normal person would look like when they&#39;re tired and on their normal days and most of them are just bad angles, they&#39;re all beautiful even without makeup

Just show me the eyes and all the birds will be back.
<a href="">

The photo of any era has given rise to the same. Where are you making? There is no light anywhere. what nonsense
Anushka Sharma luking so beautiful in without makup

Aliaa

I just realised that Sonam Kapoor is perfect competition for conjuring

alia depika nargis celina rekha just wow without makeup

Sonam looked the most beautiful.



Where is katrina kaff?

Karishma mam without makeup mai bhi bht beautiful lagti hai

Which song is this

They all look very beautiful   without meakup. Love it .

This video is not the correct representation of how these actresses normally look...they have possibly tried to get the most horrible pictures taken with them in motion. Please stop making such content just to get views.

Feel like  on Alia Deepika face
They are beautiful without makeup you can see

<a href="">0:42</a> That is makeup too

Not only without makeup but also without lights

Just remember that most of actresses were selected from common people only.It means even without make they 1000 times better than us.Nobody will cast ugly actress for their movie

Karish Kapoor without mekup gorges

Haha

Deepika Padukon, Karishma, Bipasha Bashu and Sushmitha still beautiful without makeup

Sonam Kapoor 
I love alia butt

Anushka Sharma thodi theek lag rhi thi bs

??? Their sucking secret is making all the hell ???
If they smile even without makeup they are gorgeous 

I like a girl who is beautiful with and without makeup

Sonam Kapoor ka intna kharab photo

Alia bhat is so cute in without makeup

I think a lot of factor is involved in with and without pics.1)  time and age of actress.2) background light.3)front and side profile.So it&#39;s unfair.Anyways nice video

To be fair some  of the actresses photos used  in this video with makeup are of them when they were young and without makeup are them in their old age.

Conclusion : beauty doesn&#39;t matter to become celebrity, any one can become star by their talent skin colour and face doesn&#39;t matters ur talent matters

Anushka Sharma is the most beautiful actress.

What&#39;s the point of that video? They all look good without makeup. There&#39;s nothing shocking about looking a human being.

All are beautiful even without makeup

Without makeup actress is Alia Bhatt is very beautiful

Deepika padukone is the Cutest even with or without Makeup

Sabka name le liye bro they are humans they looks so beautiful with or without makeup ..who define beauty?? Makeup is just  a art to give a shape to the beauty. So keep the diff in mind in this century thanks.

Not a surprise Indians are not naturally beautiful. They need help from makeup and camera techs etc to look better

There are more beautiful girls than Bollywood without India. She looks better than all the makeup.
Anushka Sharma looks Apsara without makeup and with makeup

Deepika is beautiful without makeup

All actress without makup look like a Bhutni 

<a href="">0:41</a> she herself shared the photo on internet saying that we have professional make-up artists and don&#39;t compare yourselves to actress and feel bad later

The pictures are not of same time for most of the actress... Its  like they are showing pictures from their young age in with makeup side and their current picture in without makeup side...and for sonam the picture in without makeup side is actually when she was applying makeup and before blending it.

Celina jetley omg!!
20 is Osm

aur baat kare alia bhatt ki to apne unki purani aur nayi pic dali

sonam kapoor ghost makeup kar rahi thi bro

Juhi bipashah Aliya nargis karishma Rakha shushmita looks pretty in natural beauty
I dont know this reality

Kangna Look Like Michael Jackson
not me tryna figure out which ones the without makeup and with makeup 

Normal people look pretty than actress

Aliya looks beautiful
Kajol alia karishma look good in without makeup

Ye &#39;FACT&#39; janke hame kya milega?Makeup is a part of their work

Alia Bhatt 
Anuska also

Vudya balan is hot

Just remember everyone has ugly pic cause of camera and angle , camera focus on pores and make ugly look , they still look gorgeous without makuep in general.And last they are paid to do acting and presentable to roles

Thamnail should be horror

Nice edit but kuch jyada hi ho gaya

Sonam kapoor wow 
Why r ppl hating on these ppl bc they look &quot;ugly&quot; like let them be who they r!! 

You realise how easily are males more beautiful lmao given they atleast workout

They just put the photo that looks bad to make them look bad, aren&#39;t there bad photos of yours which makes u look ugly?

Nargis is beautiful

Excessive make up cosmetics fucks ur skin... Be simple.. Take Ayurvedic tips and cleanse ur body internally.. Avoid onion garlic.. According to Ayurveda onion garlic makes people look aged.. People look more aged and aging process is more quicker by consuming tamsik foods.. Eat sattvik food.. Drink water kept in mud pots or copper vessels.. Take fruits vegetables etc... Then u can fukc off cosmetics...

My village girls are more  beautiful than these bollywood actresses

deepika didnt change without make up, so beautiful god bless her

Alia,anushka look beautiful ️ with out makeup 

Anushka Sharma acchi dikhati hai without makeup ki..

Sonam Kapoor R.I.P
Karishma
Everyone was so beautiful then sonam Kapoor

Still beautiful ️️️
All celebrities luk good with nd without makeup... 

Alia and depika lokks cute with out makup

This are old pic and          aliya bhat  and anuska sharma are gon plastic surgury   yes na

Now I found out that I got so much negativity by watching that movie.
Sad they all bleach for movies

Am I only one or they look prettier without makeup??? All of them

Feels like most of the photos of the actresses taken for contrasting the with and without makeup look are not taken at the same age...some pictures for without makeup look have poor lighting effects making them seem as if they have worse complexion without makeup...besides if we need to press someone down (though they might be public figures) in order to feel good about ourselves, I feel it is just hiding from our self esteem issues....Anyway this is just my personal opinion and not particularly directed towards anyone including the creator/s of the video or any commentators.

Krishma kapoor osm look without mackup

Buy expensive makeup and look beautifull..

They look like normal humans with some hectic schedules

These are the pictures in low light..So obviously it will not look good

Sonam kapoor scared the hell out off me

They are much beautiful by their talent

Brother I have gone too much 
Without makeup I had nerver seen skin that dehydrated.

Anushka Sharma without make up cute

90 actresses are naturally beautiful than new ones

Anushka sharma is beautiful without make up

makeup isnt good for skin
No he is   showing us old photos before bollywood

Kajol beautiful

Digital is without mec up beautifully 

Juhi Chawla Karishma Kapoor Alia Bhatt Rekha Heroine Anushka Sharma These all look the same even without makeup
Anushka Sharma looking beautiful and real without makeup or makeup

Aliya bhat and deppika padukon look   with out mekup so pretty ️

Celina jaitly is natural beauti she dont have any makeup artist  he is Very  beautiful Without makeup

Bipasha Alia bhattCelinaNargisKarishmaAnushka SharmaDeepiKa PadukoneThey all look too pretty without any makeup 

Only Anoushkay looks more pretty in no make up look

Makeup spoils the skin because of this.
Everyone must be happy after seeing this.
Bipasha still looking stunning
Without makeup they look  ordinary people like us 

Omg 
Most beautiful actress in the world 🇵🇰🇹🇷

Yuckkkkk

Juhi, Madhuri, Celina, Karishma,urmila, Sushmita,
Beautiful ️
Sonam Kapoor  LOL
Oh my God sonam
Kangana looks like Michael Jackson 
Sonam kapoorwa looks the most amazing. The end will come on this root. Aaahhhhu


Nargis Fakhri,Karishma Kapoor and Anushka Sharma looking beautiful even without makeup

Kajol still looks the same

Nice but sonam kapoor wrong

Deepika 

People look beautiful without makeup.

These  are just bad pictures bad lightening and bad angles they are beautiful irregardless y’all are too judgmental

All of them r gorgeous with or without makeup 

yall are so dumb to believe that celebs would show up in public without make up?

juhi chawal is drop dead even without makeup&lt;3

There&#39;s lots of Churails inside INDIA

God I was scarey by watching sonam kapoor 

These actress are beautiful, from their acting not from their beauty...Honestly I think we people are more beautiful that them because we have our own beauty of brain, passion, heart and humility. You will only be a nice person when you believe that I am beautiful from my brains and heart.

Vidya Balan
They&#39;re  all pretty without makeup

Anushka Sharma looks beautiful without makeup too 

Mostly there are old actresses

Alia is best

Sonam kapoor 
After watching this I feel I&#39;m beautiful lol  

Sonam didi toba toba
Anushka and karishma filtered caption others direct clicked photos

this account owner is a hater for sure .......comparing actresses with their old and weird images is just awful

 there is a lot of difference....ohh normal people look more beautiful than the actress without makeup....

Alia looks beautiful without makeup also

Sonam kapoor picture is without makeup edit

We should doesn&#39;t compare them . And these are not real

This is such horse shit



I hope people don&#39;t compare themselves to these celebs. People like ananya pandey, jhanvi are not even good looking even with makeup, plastic surgery, etc. If you spend millions of rupees in your face, body, hair, etc. Then you&#39;ll also start looking like them.

Indian actress +  Korean actress    =     beautiful fantastic girl prince girl                       Indian actress +  Korean actress    =     beautiful fantastic girl prince girl

Kadjol 
Want people can appreciate their sweet natural tan  skin oh it&#39;s a bandwagon thing got dark skin with four shades white

Kajol and Karishma Deepika superb ️️️️️
I almost vomited
Isme shocking Kya tha?? Stop judging them on basis of face..they are actors. and judge them as actors or artists... not as what they lookike without makeup...there is no problem in doing makeup ..makeup too is an art. Also Indians have been using makeup since ancient times... Especially in theatres and plays ...elaborate makeups were required. Also stop judging ppl on basis of there face. Most u judging them here are ugly <a href="">urself.lol</a>

Without makeup very good looking

Anushka dharma even me peer hai bena mekun hai hai vitaika itaikya
Hshhhh my queen shraddha kapoor is not here️️️
Some its too muchhh

Not all people are ugly………….even when they are pretty they wanna put on makeup and plastic surgeries. If you stop being insecure about yourself you’ll automatically find a reason to love yourselfSome people give up their dreams of being a. Celebrity just because they are ugly which isn’t right…..your not ugly“You just live in a judgmental society”This is all I could say and a message to who ever reads this commentDon’t give up your dreams just because of some insecurities just ignore others words, and you’ll find yourself flying

Nargis and Karishma looks very pretty without makeup

BC log. I watched movies. It should be special for everyone that these handsome larkiyas can be seen even in the garden. And my handsome 6ft wife does not have a single scar or blemish. Square face and black sharp eyebrows 
Alia bhat looks good not bad..

Alia looks good without makeup

This is not the case. Madhuri karshima deepika. Or b name yaad nhi h sab cute h
Karishma whitout makeup better
Bakwas.. actresses

Are u serious seeing them I think I look thousand times better than them

One Fact is this : Alia Bhatt looking good without makeup it&#39;s true:)

One Fact is this : Alia Bhatt looking good without makeup it&#39;s true:)

Sonam Kapoor is highligh

Sonam kapoor ki pic editing hai 

Karsma kapoor, anuska without makeup photos not available

Thats why like hollywood heroines

Forgive me to say that Sonam Kapoor looks the worst among all 

Kajol and Sushmita sen they are Always beautiful

Rekha ma&#39;am, karishma and anuska looks is beautiful even without makeup

Actress vs adhar card pic ka video banao

Sonam kapoor dangerous 
&amp; Karisma Kapoor

Alia Bhatt is so cute

Learn daily makeup - <a href="">

After associating partners with Allah on God&#39;s earth, the worst and filthy among the people are film actors, because even after their death, the sins of their films will continue to befall them in their graves,These people are unlucky because they did not know their Lord Allah in their life and did not follow His commands till  their deaths.

Sonam 

Most Indians don&#39;t wear makeup or take care of their skin. That&#39;s why we are considered ugly .

They don&#39;t look unrecognisable

Hats off to the makup artist

Bollywood stars are not as ugly as they are shown many times on YouTube, they are all the work of Photoshop, I don't know that they get inner happiness by spoiling their faces so much..,,
The crap how are they unrecognisable, they still look more beautiful than the average person n it just looks like them without make up????

Rani Mukherjee - I am a college girl, she should become a DSP, that masculine type.
Kangana raunat looks like an sweeper
I think maduri got beautifull face with dark complexion but makeup make her bright face. She is natural beautifull

C&#39;mon atleast look first at the mirror before criticizing them they are too humans..And no one got purrfect skinThey are too humans and we all got pimples, acen, scar and many more..And they go through diets too(I&#39;m not a fan of bollywood)Just don&#39;t criticize themDon&#39;t judge anyone by face or you will be the first to be criticize- me ig..

Comparing old and new pictures

Boys not make up boys look girls after make up and look

This actress does not look so bad without makeup as much showing

I am suffering from distemper...lol
I never imagined kangana ,urmila,and rekha without makeup

Makeup is not for changing women&#39;s look. Makeup is an art which makes them more beautiful! All women including these actresses are beautiful with or without makeup, don&#39;t judge them because we all are human being and we are not perfect. We all have our own flaws which make us unique ️️

Aliya Bhatt best look
Anushka is looking beautiful without makeup

Nargis juhi anushka and karisma look totally okay.

I think it&#39;s not true obviously yr Rani Mukherjee is always beautiful even she can&#39;t use no makeup

You have insulted sonam kapoor , wit het contour face !

Celebs r humans too. Let them live And it&#39;s not like they are saying other people are ugly and they are pretty. Respect them. They worked hard for what they have.

Who wants to see BTS army at once in life like me.

Vidya &amp; Anushka are my choices with or without make up....

Alyabhatt is beautiful with makeup without makeup

They still look like angels 

<a href="">0:43</a> Sonam kapoor look like she is alien kapoor&#39;s daughter

Sonam kapoor 
Kangana looks like Gautami from slayy point

They are all pretty either way

Anushka Looks beautiful before and after 
Nargis , bipasha ,Celina have most usual look 

OMG sonam kapoor 
do you all expect artists to act and go out in ocassions or parties without makeup? no. they&#39;re living their normal life and SHOULDN&#39;T be hated on for using make up or other things. they&#39;re bound to use make up products because they have to be on camera all the time. and when they&#39;re not, they don&#39;t wear makeup. simple. if you&#39;re needing to compare yourself to them without make up to feel confident, then you&#39;re one of the most insecure person in the world. STOP HATING PEOPLE FOR MAKEUP!

The most beautiful person is who is beautiful by heart️️️️.face doesn&#39;t matter ur inner beauty matters.
All r good but karishma gorgeous

Karishma kapoor is gorgeous without makeup

This is all in real life they don&#39;t look like this and sometimes they use other people to show you this

Everyone is beautiful! But we are just too used to see their perfect faces

How strange is this?
I don&#39;t understand why it is a &#39;shocking&#39; video, wearing and not wearing make up is their  wish. You don&#39;t have to be judgemental abt it.

Nargis Fakhri so cute ️
Using some old photos 

Anushka looks better than make-up without make-up  <a href="">2:19</a>

Sonam Kapoor looks the same in stree she was the ghost so the took that photo 

Their all so beautiful with and without makeup 

5 kg make up

Nargis fakri and anushka sharma beauty full in this video

Don&#39;t believe

Alia Bhatt is better

Everyone look beautiful in her naughty picture

LOL THAT MUGDHA LOOKS LIKE MICHEAL ZACKSON-AND TOO I REALIZE I AM MORE BEAUTIFUL THAN THE ACTRESSES
Nargis is quit beautiful without makeup

They&#39;re all beautiful with or without makeup

Nargus aur tanushri duty look without mekup good

Matter comes to boys Zayn Malik comes handsome naturally

Without makeup Anushka Sharma look beautiful

Sb maan lygy bhai but madhuri ji or vidya balan ji sach m beautiful h ???, ooo bhai sushmita sen ji ko toh bkash dety yrrr miss world h boh ️
Alia Bhatt is always cute make up and without makeup

Natural Beauty is the Best ️️
Most of them look the same lol

Scary look without makeup 

Rekha ️
Money is best moisturiser

Karishma and anushka looks natural without makeup... 

Why are telling the lie it’s not true you photoshop the good looking pictures they are beautiful 

husband&#39;s have been fooled

Friend, we are looking for the same only.
STILL BEAUTIFUL
This is not with out makeup This is old pics of actress

We thought it was only him who had come.
Sonam Kapoor looks very dangerous without makeup

There is a difference between camera and filter brother.
I heat new actress i love mediom step heroin
Sonam kapoors without makeup was wrong because it was a black colour pack

Don&#39;t forget the heavy photoshop

In my opinion they are beautiful in both with and without .... Makeup just enhance their facial features which they have their own .. so  they-we-everyone are beautiful with different different facial features which make us look different from eachother but it is not that that make us look ugly or less beautiful .. we all are equally beautiful .. some use make-up to enhance their features ..which is not wrong they do what they like to with their face .. and some doesn&#39;t use make up because they don&#39;t feel like to wear makeup ..that is also completely okeyy ..  it just we all are beautiful .. what matters is we should alwys treat other  one with respect and kindness, this makes us beautiful from the inside .. I have written alot .. ..... REMEMBER WE ARE EQUALLY BEAUTIFUL IN OUR OWN WAY, that&#39;s it .. (Sorry for my bad English, it is not my native language. )

Sonam Kapoor 
Celina Jaitley look more beautiful without makeup

Anushka Sharma 
C&#39;mon this is unfair!!! You took their worst pictures from the internet. Atleast alia and deepika don&#39;t look this bad without makeup

H jaise ki app to bachpan se hi khubsurat ho

Anushka is still cute without make up

Shraddha Kapoor looks amazing even without makeup
Anushka Sharma look good without makeup

Karishma kapoor and Anushka sharma more beautiful without makeup 

To me,juhi chawla is beautiful with make-up or without make-up she still beautiful ,QUEEN OF BOLLYWOOD AND THE MOST BEAUTIFUL ACTRESS IN BOLLYWOOD 

Yeu very bad looking with out makeup but anushka sharma is beautiful with out makeup also

Adultery is for adulterers
Sonam kapoor without makeup was lol 

Yes bro, your comment is very powerful and you are right.normal people most  beautiful then the actress without makeup.

Sonam Kapoor has become a ghost.
Sonam Kapoor 
I dont know why everyone thinks being pretty is every thing

Katrina kif is also beautiful without makeup

Karishma looks️
Sonam is best for horror shows 

Sabse sahi anushka Sharma lagri h without make up k

Bishsha basuo ki skin fresh hai
Actresses are famous not only because of their beautiful face but also for their body shape, figure, sharp features and acting talent. Their ability to  face light and camera and handle professional pressure and insecurities make them actresses.

Without make up,I think I am more beautiful compare to these women .lol

I like Kareeshma

That is not real Sonam Kapoor face

They look like a human! Cmon

Sonam kappor

This all edited they are naturally beautiful 

Anuska is amazing without makeup

I can&#39;t believe and imagination how it is possible   i understand now with make up they are handsome ️ but with out makeup I can&#39;t imagine 

Hence proved, makeup is everything

Yar ya Sonam Kapoor wali to bht bdi chori h tuny
Acting matters like Vidya Balan,Tabo
I think Indian actress look just beautiful with makeup

Anushka Sharma is better in all

Wrong camera angel Old pictures,makeup quality was worst thingAnd again judging them And they work so hard and just see the topic then now They are also human they can&#39;t were heavy preety makeup allover I don&#39;t touch it accidentally or by mistake  I just wanna read how people thinks about actors without makep

Bipasha is good without makeup

Alia,Nargis look beautiful without makeup

They all look natural and beautiful

Oh c&#39;mon Anushka looks way more pretty without make up....

They are all humans. That&#39;s why they look like this

bina makeup ke to sonam kapoor female titan ki tarha lakti hai 

Sonam is looking the wrost

App lead Bol money shark
Kajol is natural beauty 

Anuska hi achi lag rhi h bas
Brother, is there anything called Budhapa, friend?
Urvhasi Rautela is only actress who is more beautiful than others bollywood actress.... Without makeup&amp; also Aishwariya too

Celina jaitly without makeup is best 

Karishma looks beautiful without makeup too

Apart from Sonam, everyone is still there.
These pics are old vs. new.

WITH MAKEUP:    This is their work, they have to have makeup in films..... Plus we all love glamour.... fashion....WITHOUT MAKEUP:   is their private life,  so it&#39;s none of our business  

Natural beauty  Karishma kapoor

I think Alia Bhatt is already beautiful without makeup 

Kangna Ranaut looks like Michael Jackson
Poor thing, even after washing your face, don't capture any photo.
Anushka sharma look same without makeup

Shocking indeed

<b>Mujhe to Karishma Kapoor hi achiiii lgi without makeup</b>

Ithilum betham njammalan alle
Bhakkk

Omg

I was shocked when I saw sonam kapoor face

Alia looks cute
They just have bad camera

<a href="">Wow.so</a> in reality they look like normal human beings. What a shocker 

Juhi chawala
This Saab is false
Krishma natural so beautiful

Anuska sharma much beter than all

And anushka

I think kareshma kapoor is best and juhi chavla

Anushka Sharma with out makeup ki beautiful lag rahe hai️

karishma kapor still looks beautiful without makeup compared to the others

Nargis,karishma and Anushka are only look beautiful without make up

I just realise iam more beautiful then these actresses -

Anushka Sharma Is better than others

Without makeup also karishma kapoor is beautiful

Anusha sharma is good at all little bit without makeup

Normal people look more beautiful without makeup than actress

Karishma is real buty

Alia Bhatt 
It&#39;s like Sonam without makeup photo is clicked while wearing foundationI thinks so

Where did you get Sonam Kapoor's pic from????
They all seem beautiful to me what is your point xD

At <a href="">1:08</a> she is katrina kaif not nargis fakhri

Thats why U should Not Just Take Off her Dress also her Makeup before U make Out with her

Ali bhata is so beautiful with makeup with. Out makeup

Aliya but is beautiful...

A thing you notice noone can tell about Sridebi

Krishma and anushka  so beautiful without makeup 

The pics r actually old so it look a lil ugly

Shut up juhi chawla is natural beautiful i think you are jealous

But bips is look good in both

After looking this vedio i realised that i am more beautifull girl among this actress

eewe

Moral ;everyone is a hero, heroine without makeup

Actors are more ugly with other peoples so l think beauty  is money power

Everyman have their on beauty no body can judge  about your beauty you can smile so you are the prietist  one in the world

The true beauty of man is without make-up

no one is born ugly we just born in social judgment army here                                              - kim Namjoon

Hahha  all jokers,
Anushka is still btf!!

<a href="">1:49</a>-- where is no makeup look???

Jise bhe ho ab kia farq parta hen famous to hoge hen

i think anushka is beautiful with makeup and no makeup

<a href="">0:44</a>... Soman Kapoor why is he unfaithful...Pata chaal kya What enemy is there with his brother???
Dont compare yourself with other.You are the best the way you are 

I&#39;m so beautiful myself at this rate lol

They are like devils

Indian mein sabke face mostofly black hi hote he
I made sonam die thanos
Purani imarat ku kitna bhi color krlo color phika pardjata hai aisi he actor kitna bhi make up krle reall kaise hai dkhjata hai

Rekhayude rand photoyilum makeup undallu

Bipasha basu
This is too much 
Sonam kapoor skin ain&#39;t like that it&#39;s a pic when she was applying makeup see there is foundation and primer over her face and she already has done smokey eye makeup on her eyes

We make these idol and destroy our own life

Anushka 

I am more beautiful than all of these ladies for sure look normal atleast without makeup

Rekha is the only actress who looks same witha nd without makeup

Girls look more beautiful with their own simplicity

Sonam kapoor ko dekho 

Karishma Kapoor is the beautiful with out makeup

Power of makeup

Anushka Sharma good looking with out make-up

sonam kapur OMG

Whoever shows you Sonam Kapoor's photo is wrong
Alia bhat and nargis faikh anushkha shrma are more beautiful without makeup

We are more preety than bollywood actress without makeup

bipasa looking very beautiful without makeup

Anushka sharma is soo beautiful sge is nature beauty and karishma kapoor also

Anushka looks beautiful with makeup and without makeup also

Sai pallavi is best ️
The most beautiful Sonam Kapoor and Tabbu hi lgi
I think anushka sharma and alia bhatt were looking perfect without makeup also 
They are showing sonam kapoor so ugly

sonam kapoor badi dangerous lagi
magic of makeup

Kangana Ranaut looks similar to Michael Jackson in without makeup post.

It&#39;s because we put beauty standards on them to be slim isiliye itna slim hone se, diet krne se unke face ka charm chala jaata hai..



Sonam Kapoor ko dekha jab susu aa gayi thi mera

Bollywood total ha  my foot Bollywood actress bueaty,
Alia bhatt is so cute    without makeup

What did I do before seeing this.. Inse toh achi achi hori girls h 
They look normal by the way !

Their faces became like this because of the side effect of make up

Anuska sharma is so cute without makeup

Bipasha Basu looks better in without makeup comparing other

Sonam Kapoor looking like ghost

Makeup damge there skin

Astagfirulla.And after applying Lakme cosmetics to me.
Karishma is looking more beautiful without makeup

Indian the best women Kashmir Beautiful girl 
This is why Salman Khan did not marry the same girl 
<a href="">2:19</a> Anushka still looks gorgeous
After seeing sonam kapoor I rechecked  whether the video is from horror movie scene

Anushka sharma is most beautiful girl without makeup

I am so beautiful than they

Ha ha ha
Alia Bhaat Is Looking More Beautifull Without Makeup...

O my God actress look beautiful for of makup without makup they look like  ghost

Make up is not the fact the real life is fact Let&#39;s check how is our real life?what we are running for ......either money,beauty,authorities, propertiesnone of them are permanent everything will leave you or you leave everything But one thing can save you it is the salvation which comes from GOD JESUS JESUS CHRIST LOVES YOU SO MUCH HE HAS DIED FOR OUR SINS AND HE HAS RISEN FROM DEATH HE IS THE ONLY TRUE GOD AND ETERNAL LIFE.



Nice  This is also good: <a href="">

Only karishma is looking beautiful without makeup.

Nargis and celina

Anuskha is beautiful without makeup

There&#39;s only dark circles and pigmentation!! So what?? isn&#39;t it common in human beings?? do u have the clearest skin?

I hate the 14

13 is my favourite actor

If in comment section every one are trolling actresses then why you will tell everyone that beauty is not important talent important where they are not have beauty but they are have talent thats why they are in this stage and everyone is telling that we are beautiful then them then why you cant become actors or actresses because you have just beauty but dont have talent that why so, stop trolling them and see your self how talented your after that go and tell to them

Anushka is good at all

Sonam kapoor be like gajab bejjati hi
<a href="">1:30</a>karishma mam looks very beautiful in naturally 

Celina jaitly is beautiful

I am very beautiful

Abe kya mtlv yrr 

All are nashedi

Always beautiful arabians Girls most beautiful with makeup and without makeup

Shraddha Alia Ananya is naturally beautiful
Without mekup Karisma Kapoor is very beautiful

Men have beautiful to the girls in actually makeup is flirt to men..woman have only attraction... No beauty ...

Sonam Kapoor .... Chiiii
<b>Don&#39;t judge a book by it&#39;s cover! So don&#39;t judge these actresses by their makeup</b>  

Everyone will hate makeup.
Sonam Kapoor is wrong she looks beautiful

Only karishma and rekha is beuty without makeup and anushka sharma

20
1,7,9,10,20
10
9
1
7
KarishmaJuhiCelina look beautiful Anushka use filter 
karishma kapoor and alia bhatt looking pretty even without makeup

There is no need for Sushmita to take a certificate of her beauty..she is already Miss Universe..and the horrible look you are giving to Sonam is because of the makeup.
Sonam Kapoor is looking very dangerous 
Bekarrrrrr

Nargis, Karishma and Anushka looks beautiful without makeup ️

I think the most beautiful actress without makeup is only Anushka sharma

Alia bhat is the same

Our natural look is a God gift. Because of the actress do many makeup their face get dirty. Hence do not do makeup

Normal people more beautiful than them

Come on If u will decrease the lightning value of the photos it will look more darker than their actual skin tone...and second thing they are just taking selfies with their phones...and there is no light setup 

<b>FOR ALL THE GIRLS YOU ALL LOOK GOOD WITHOUT THIS STUFF</b> /*REALLY*

Some actresses look beautiful with or without makeup

This is crap. Most of the photos are not of the same time.

Really true girls would be more beautiful without makeup if they never wear makeup too… What can you do after wearing makeup?
Not only Bollywood look at Hollywood actress....Bollywood actress without make up are much Better than Hollywood actress without make up.For example <a href="">#lilyjames</a> and <a href="">#anadearmas</a>

I don&#39;t think they are that much ugly.Maybe you are showing some of their bad photo from any movie.I know they are not as beautiful as shown in movie but also they are not that much ugly that you are showing in your video.

Madhuri dixit always look beautiful when she doesn&#39;t makeup he loooks preety but.

Me after seeing sonam...... tabu... run away from there in front of me 
Please tell him don&#39;t come after facewash and bath. Other wise your dogi not reconize you.

Karishma Kapoor is normally beautiful...!

They actually have good features but continue applying make up has spoiled their face...even if we continuously use the foundation our face will also be spoiled

Nargis, Krishna and Anushka are good with out make up..even rekha is gorgeous at this age without make up

armys in the comments won my heart

Anushka and Alia man are looking natural

Anushka is beautiful without makeup

There features really don&#39;t look different but there skincolor is different

Suddenly I feel like everyone is masterpiece and one in a billion in this world.....

aliya bhat and  anushka sharma loking so much better

Sonam Kapoor looked the scariest of all

Thrs no Katrina Kai cuz she&#39;s so pretty without make up.

There is a difference between each side's achi photo and each side's most useless photo 
Sonam Jaisi Haseena Lord  Do not give to anyone who is ashamed of being a Hindu.
Eat right eat healthy 

Even this much dieting did not happen.
Sonam is never beautiful neither by mind nor by face

O my god I am tooo cute than heroines ️

Anushka Sharma is cute without makeup 

Alia bipasha nargis anushka looks best without makeup also

Sonam looks eekkss
Juhi and Madhuri are absolutely beautiful without makeup also

Nargis,Karishma,and Anushka looks beautiful even without makeup

Alia bhatt is the same

This also proves that alot of Indians dont have that much fair colour when applied makeup just see there is no one not even Karishma Kapoor has real fair skin because Indians have naturally beautiful brown colour they normally applied injections or makeup.

Alia always cute

O

Your not ugly your just poor darling 

I bad feel for sonam Kapoor

It is before after

Lol dont believe some of them are photoshoped and weirdly taken photos to make them look ugly lol

They have applied basic make up in no make up photo .

<a href="">0:49</a> Cute 
Karishma is beautiful

They are beautiful anyway  their bare face shows their hard work ...

Sonam Kapoor reject pices

No one can look good without makeup
If you don't want any fun then do it 
Maza.nahi aaya
For me I like the non makeup look of all, because they look more humane that way

alia ,nargis karishma ,kangna  and anuska almost  looked the same

Anuska is so beautiful without makeup 

anushka sharma is best without makeup

Alia Bhatt , Karishma kapoor and anushka sharma looks pretty without makeup too.agree ?

Actually we are more beautiful than actresses

Sonam Kapoor with out make up is this. 

Alia is looking cute without make up

Kangana is such a beauti without make-up!!

Alia is cute for without makeup 

Jesus I am sure they look good , One picture can&#39;t define one&#39;s beautyPeople look better in real life than picturesMake up or whatever, proper lighting, angle and all makes up a good pic so I think that&#39;s the reason-And some people are bad looking u have to agree it Stop saying such quotes like we live in a judgemental society, our eyes like those things which are attractive not my problem imao

most of them looks beautiful even without make up , they don&#39;t even need make up , they are absolutely gorgeous

Omg sonam kappor will do full makeup my god leaving with actrees then collage didi are so cute hn

Juhi looks beautiful without makeup also

This video is not perfect becuz the make-up pics are of young age and without makeup pics are of old age So this is totally wrong.Supporters of this comment like it.

Sonam kapoor
Makeup is overrated

More probably same

Alia

You are talking about faces but why are you not talking about potential and strength of the actresses

What a talent of a makeup man..

Karishma is looking good even without makeup

The true truth is hidden in Sonam's eyes.
Aliya bhat is perfect

Sonam omg 

Tabu

Gajab chutiypa haiii abb saiii saiii saik saal dekhna pareega mirror maiii
Is that the real face of Sonam Kapoor??

Just pick a random worse photo and upload..

Most of them look better without makeup

Alia bhat is not very bad without makeup

Nargis fakhri look beautiful without makeup more than with makeup

Sonam 
Celina jaitly is looking beautiful without makeup also

Sonam 

PLS DEEPIKA STILL LOOKS ABSOLUTELY STUNNING

Alia is natural beauty

Nargis fakhri and anushka sharma is only one who look better in without make up, compare to others for me, i think she has put some makeup in that pic so she look better, i dont know But others are beautiful even without make up compare to me with out make upDont take it seriously plx cause i am not judging any one so...plx

Sonam like witch

Oooooooo

why 
Don&#39;t lell lie nonsense
Soonam looking witch 

Hey Sir what did you say?
This editing without madeup is too much,, they r not ugly like this... Lol to editor because of work hard

Juhi is pretty

Alia is more pretty without makeup ️

Smile is the best makeup that every girl can apply It makes us beautiful

Nargis and sushmita ️
Sonam kapoor
Who is like sai pallavi ️

No one is ugly everyone is beautiful but our eyes will be beautiful 

Anushka sharma and nargis fakhri were looking good

Sonam Kapoor itna bhi bina make up ka khali nhi dekti

What kind of tobacco do you eat ???
Makeup ka invention nhi hota to ye sb kachra binti...ghaatkopar pr
3 is wrong

How do thier face shape changes to by applying makeup, will plss someone explain

Who made this faltu video

kill the stupid idiot
Alia Bhatt still better
All the makeup transformation videos starts from Sonam kapor hilarious photo

Madhuri Dikshit vala hum nahi maan sakte
Anushka Sharma is actually beautiful in without makeup....

Now tell me are good for doing acting except few.

Anushka and karishma look beautiful without makeup

I think this not properly taken pictures because Madhuri Dixit is so beautiful in without makeup sushmita Sen and Anushka Sharma look beautiful because their pictures are taken by own

Alia rekha anushka is beautiful without makeup also

Beauty is not important... Okay 

Anushka looks good without makeup too

Without makeup everyone looks beautiful.
from money we can buy anything even beauty

I mean if they are pretty with makeup then it’s alright right !?

Alia Bhatt and Deepika Padukone looks good with out makeup also

They are ugly but they are entertaining us

But Nargis Fakhri still look awesome without makeup ️️

Any Sushmita sen&#39;s fan

Sushmita sen gorgeous.
Nargis Fakh look more beautiful without makeup..

anushka and deepika looks beautiful without any make up

Vidya,Dipika,Alia  good with out make up

Background sound achha hey yar

Video of south indian actresses they are very beautiful without make up

I am like Alia Bhat she is nice and beautiful girl

Omg just look at sonam

Some don&#39;t look bad at all

Madhuri looking beautiful ️
All are dan

Ranu Mandal is more beautiful than Sonam Kapoor
Without  makeup  they look so tried ,  sick and illness

This is for India 
Karishma kapoor still look beautiful without makeup but sonam 

Catriona

Sonam Kapoor before wakeup looking like ranu mondal

Kuch bhi literally kuch bhii

Bipasha balu has real beauty

I was after seeing Karisma

It&#39;s not shocking. It happens to everyone

Cosmetics we&#39;re invented for this purpose ️

Nargis,karishma,kangna,Tanushree.... looks good



Anushka sharma looks good without makeup as well

Really Karishma Kapoor looks really awesome without makeup

Alia and karishma look nice in real

They say Hain Na Jo Milta Hai usne kush raho 
If u are true and loyal then u don&#39;t need a beautiful face because your heart is beautiful and I am loyal and true I not want a beautiful face

Anushka Sharma have her netural beauty because she look cute and pretty without makeup and in makeup also so that similar for me and u edit sonam pic because she not look like that she look better

Anushka Sharma ️&amp;Alia Bhatt both after makeup They are still stunning 

Karishma kapoor.looks beautiful in without makeup

Selina looks good with without makeup

Sonam 
After this video I got to know that I am not ugly , I am just poor 

<a href="">#Anushka</a> &amp; <a href="">#nargis</a> are looking beautiful without makeup 

Just love yourself borahae 

2.mugdha gods
Codos to the make up artist then

In bollywood, agar talent par success depend  hoti toh aaj bharti 100 movies kamse kam kar gayi hoti

They are nothing without makeup...

Kajol is super pretty, i wish she wouldn&#39;t have bleached her skin.

They are looking normal beside sonam!? Just stop judging. It&#39;s the camera and makeup which makes them bright.

If they wear makeup all the time it doesn&#39;t mean that ull say tht they are ugly without makeup

Nargis is better than others

Took funny 

They are little different without make up

What I learnt from this is you&#39;re not ugly you&#39;re poor

Alia bhatt and Anushka sharma is good

Karishma kapoor looks like noah Cyrus ️
I don&#39;t think sonam koopor will look like

just anusha sharma is beautiful

Ab ye din bhi dekhna tha mujhe.....

Anushka Sharma better than all

so where is the shocking partthey r still beautiful even without makeup

&#39;No one is born ugly, we are just born in a judgemental society&#39;~Tupac

sonam is looking worst. and also very bad  looking.

Most of the actress u showed are around 50 and above..  aur bachpan k images se compare kar rahe ho..  They aren&#39;t ugly.. the one who thinks to make this video is ugly...

More channel like this needed

Karshima looks good without makeup too

Shraddha and Anu Looks Beautiful without makeup ️

alia bhatt is cute

We r not ugly just we r poor

Alia is cute without makeup also

pesy ka chakar babu bhaiya pesy ka chakar
No one is real

Alia Bhatt look good without makeup

<b>I&#39;m feeling sorry for them..that they born in india ...for this reason people hating them just because of their look....they  didn&#39;t created their visuals.....it is created by god.....if you say them ugly...you are calling god creatures ugly....in the korean or chinese actors without makeup vidios.....all the comments say ...they are more beautiful without makeup...bcoz they have the courage to show real their selves .....but in india.... when they show their real selves...we call them ugly......i am so sad to born in this hella country....where ppl are judged by outlook(im a kid so sorry for my bad english .....)</b>

Karishma Kapoor &amp; Anushka Sharma still look beautiful in no makeup pics than other actress

So much ugly The girl in our area is more better than this heroin&#39;s! -_-&quot;
This is a very early photo and I am surprised
Aliya bhatt is looking cute without makeup

Anushka mam ko jayda makeup ki jarurt nhi he...she is more cute qithout makeup...

Kuch bhi 

I can see everywhere army&#39;s only Regularly the bts army&#39;s fandom is increasing

So what they still look beautiful actually every human is beautiful why always being so judgemental‍️

Why do they still look amazing without make up-

Every one is beautiful in starting without makeup But when u use makeup items in great amount your natural beauty is finished

Yaar everyone whom came here know what they came for,,, hence these folks repeatedly saying stuff like we all born in judgmental society and they all are beautiful and all those kind soul comments are just so soo annoying...come on guys be realistic they do look yukes without make up... then why all these harishandra comments...

Omgg sonamm what is this “yaaaarrr”

Well it&#39;s just the reality no one&#39;s perfect, and we don&#39;t have the rights to judge them cuz neither of us were perfect

Karishma Kapoor looks same with makeup or without makeup 

Karishma Kapoor is looking so good without makeup

Honestly they all look soooo beautiful without the makeup like why did they put it on they are soooo pretty

That&#39;s horrible <a href="">0:41</a>

Here is the first photo and what is the difference between before and now.
Moral- If you are rich you are beautiful

Mugdha gods️
No

Alia but good luck

One and only Anushka was beautiful  and pretty  even without makeup ! <a href="">#Naturalbeauty</a>

Alia Bhatt is look no makeup is looking so good

They look more beautiful without makeup

Sushmita sen is also beautiful without makeup

I think nargis fakhri is more beautiful without makeup

Everybody is beautiful no one is ugly and by the way actresses are beautiful without makeup but with they are more beautiful

After seeing this..I&#39;m more beautiful than Bollywood actresses

sonam kapoor 
Any actress watched or watching this video Hit like hit like hit like

From where did you got the pics of without makeup ?

Karisma Kapoor looking good without makeup she&#39;s naturally beautiful 

Exaggeration in picture of Sonam kapoor

Alia Bhatt and Anushka Sharma are looking cute without make up also but don&#39;t judge anyone by their beauty

Inko dekhne ke bad to maine socha...Ki ham log to bade sunder h

Anushka Sharma and alia Bhatt are better than all actress with out makeup

Celebrities are humans too. They are normal people at their homes and daily lives. You can&#39;t expect them to look like they do in the screen all the time. Like c&#39;mon guys. Let them live their life in peace.

Urmila is grandmother

Krashimq Kapoor is old man

Sonam Kapoor looked like a colossal titan without makeup

They all look like chudails

No one is ugly but alia bhatt look beautiful without makeup

Why are you teasing them like this 

Deepika itni kali 

Hey brother, what is happening with Sonam Kapoor?
There are many aunties :Rekha auntySonam auntyVidya auntyKajol aunty 

Karishma kapoor is atleast better without makeup

No one is born ugly .we just live in a judgmental society                                     -KIM NAMJOON

I am shocked after seeing sonam Kapoor

Without makeup they  are also beautiful ..no one ugly think positive and spread positivity

They all look beautiful without makeup

Thats just difference between their best and worst photos..

Sonam Kapoor wearing makeup bro
Let&#39;s just say the real celebrity and famous thing is makeup

Well... let&#39;s find a video of actors with and without makeup..!!!

O my god Tabu
Aliya Bhatt Karishma Kapoor and Anushka Sharma loking well with out mekup

Alia bhat  is  more  cute without makeup   hahah

Actually seriously inki real realty h inki

Nargis is still beautiful without makeup

<a href="">0:41</a> it is fack

Mugdha godse looks like Michael Jackson with make-up 

Rani mukherjee is pretty too

Karishma is pretty.

Haaaaa

Others are better than sonam kapoor is that real . I am now thinking I am queen of my own world bcz I always think heroine are all beautiful that doesn&#39;t mean I am selfish and thinking I am beautiful.

Karishma

These all turned out to be makeup shops and fooled us.
In this vedio all the photos of actress without makeup was very old images...,,, That time all the actress completely changed,,,,,!!!! 

If we also make up then we will not feel less like a heroine.
Nargis, karishma, Celina are real beauty

Juhi Chawla is all time beautiful with make up or without make up

I was shocked after looking alia tabu depika Sonam vidia kajol without three makeup

7.6k dislikers are sonam kapoor&#39;s  fan

Madhuri said 
Sonam kapoor=concealer ki dukan
Celina Jaitly is beautiful even without makeup..... WOW

Allie  looks nice without makup

Without make up k Jo bhi pics liye h, vo Ring light k saamne liye h, to but obvious ache hi dikhenge na!

I thought the most ugly thing in this world was &quot;  &quot; then i saw the people in this comment section. (Few expections)

Alia ,Celina ,Nargis ,karishma,vidya, urmila,sushmita and Anushka looks ohkkk without makeup but other looks so bad without makeup 

Karishma Kapoor look really awesome without makeup 

But i look good without makeup..

I think they have name all actress

People Sonam shared this pic for spreading positivity that actors too look bad without makeup and people r laughing at her..... Share on u guys

You should not make fun of anyone, you are good the way you are, concentrate on yourself, how are you?
Celina jetli is natural beauty, looking cute without makeup

Krishna kapoor is black like sonam kapoor

They are still in make up only sonam kapoor without being make up rest all have quite enough make up

Sonam Kapoor's face is ugly...
For showing ugly , you showed TEENAGE photos of the actresses

Is Mugdha Godse sister of Michael Jalson

How soonam kapoor is looking 

Anushka is more beautiful without makeup

It&#39;s all lie i guess

Ye jhut hai, jhut hai, jhut hai 

Alia Bhatt is as cute before and after makeup as I show in pic above

We all have same face we should never say something about our face or others

Sonam has put a tiny bit on her face
Karishma Kapoor looks more beautiful without makeup

Karishma kapoor looks more beautiful without makeup

They all look beautiful

From which angle are they unrecognisable? Yes, they look bad without makeup and that&#39;s because of their excessive use of makeup. Nothing else. Title aise mat Diya karo. Normal title se video post karo aur fir viewers samjhenge ke video mein dum kitna hain. And my next point I would like to throw to the viewers. Ye sare actresses jitna hi bura kyun na dikhe, hume unki face hilarious nhi lagti. Yahaan lag rhi hain kyunki ajeeb ajeeb pose par inke photo khiche gaye hain, in maximum cases. Video rewind karke dekho mera point sahi hain ya galat

Anushka is Beautiful even without makeup <a href="">#Ur</a> Not Ugly Ur Just poor 

Sonam kapoor exactly without makeup

Juhi ChawlaKarishma KapoorRani MukherjeeSushmita SenAnushka  They ooks same

Every nice comments are from from nice armys I see

Some of the actors still looked good without makeup

Anushka Sharma looking cute with makeup and without makeup also

I think actress  are not beautifull they are just TALENTED 

celebrities cannot look movielike in their daily life. theyre humans too. they are not obliged to fulfill our unrealistic expectations all the time

<a href="">2:17</a> she looks beautiful in both pics

<a href="">2:17</a> Anushka Sharma applied makeup in both pics

Anushka and vidya looking good without makeup also

Money makes the human beautiful

Alia batt is beautiful without make and with makeup

Karishma Kapoor looked gorgeous without makeup.

Anushka Sharma is looking beautiful without makeup

Here very clearly know the talent of a makeup man

Koi bhi without make bhi itna ganda nhi lgta ok

Not about makeup but the camera

Sonam is too horrible without makeup..

It’s not just no make up that cause them to look this different, it’s the angles and lighting that play a big part in these that’s causing them to look so different

They are older pics bro  and some pics are from any movies or any event like FilmfareThis we can&#39;t say without makeup or makeup photos

I have lost faith in humanity

Michael Jackson kangana Ranaut
Karishma Is looking so beautifull in without makeup

See only their heart they are good or bad  don&#39;t see their colour   no one is born ugly

Rani Mukherjee
Kangana looks like Malinga
Deepika and anushka looking good without makeup

I don&#39;t fell any change in alia Bhatt without makeup <a href="">0:50</a>

Matlab kuk bhi
Dhokha

afterall they all are human beings like us

Anushka Sharma was looking so cute without makeup.

We are born to be real not perfect                     ~Min Yoongi

Alia most pritty.
Alia lokking most pritty without makup...

Sen

Alia baat is looking good with out make up also and with makeup also

Comparing 10 years old picture with today&#39;s High professional camera is different! !,!,,!!,,,,,

Hee took old photos and some of them are false

Everybody knows deepika is nothing without makeup

Anushka she is preety with out make up

Karishma bilkul real h
Nargis fakhri is without make beautiful



I wish all those stuff I saw just now to be unreal... really..!*#&amp;+#

Aliya bhatt look so cute without make up 

Nargis fakri looks beautiful without make up.
Sonam kapoor..inner me(what did you see bc...)
Kajol still beauty with make up and without make up

Nargis Fakhri and Anuskha mam to fhir bhi kafi sai lagti he bina makeup ke bhiAnuskha mam to bina makeup ke kabhi kabhi 12th standard ki student lagti he

Natural beauty rkho na apne face par yeh kya faltu ka gud gobar lapet te rhte ho faltu bakchod inse natural beauty khatam hojati he bilkul

It means all people skin colour is black

Anushka Sharma is more beautiful without makeup

Normal people look more beautiful than the actress without makeup

Sona kappor without makeup 
Sonap kapoor looks like she is a Tiaton Shifter

Anushka dose&#39;nt looks bad without makeupShe is awesome

Karishma Kapoor and anushka️

Hmmm  hard to believe this video is genuine when we are in photoshop era, even before and after make up is, always, different looks

sonam kapoor and deepika padocon looking witch without makeup

I thought it&#39;s a clickbait. But, it&#39;s not

Sonam kapoor  is this real ?

Without meakup they looking better

Army is here

Army is here

That is true

The most shockingly &amp; dangerous were kajol,sonam and sushmita sen

These people aren’t even ugly I’m confused just seems like you’re bashing these women for not wearing makeup?? Get it together

They all beautiful either way

First of all....they don&#39;t look much different without makeup, born as Indians we r blessed with sharp features ,so i guess nothing looks much different except for eyes....just the eyes n its obvious cuz they have super tight schedules and they probably dont get enough sleep n end up having dark circles....secondly, many of these &#39;no makeup&#39; pics as i noticed were really old, some were even before their debut, so they look weak/obese because of that, now obviously they r all fit(celebrities anyway)....so please don&#39;t judge them....n lastly....everybody is beautiful....u don&#39;t believe me, go look at the mirror....&quot;LOVE YOURSELF, LOVE MYSELF&quot;---BTS
