Kareena kapoor awesome

Stupid Uploader...Indian Content. Not made available in India. How can u expect views then

Ye bahut dadiya show tha no vulgarity pure family show decent clothing ab toh kapil sharma show me adhnagn kapde pehen k aati hai

Kareena is my love 

My crush bilkul karena Kapoor jesi dekhti he i love you his beautiful jism and face 

Sdddg

BHAI  KON SI CIT¥ MEIN WORK KI¥A HAI APNE ¥E️

<a href="">

Very nice sir

My favourite comedian Kapil Sharma No1 show

18

18

Ali18

1888888888888888888888⁸818888888888888888888888818888888888⁸888888888888

So sweet  Kareena mam

Kareena is the prettiest woman alive 

Kapil sharma ji nice  cute 

Hai Kareena !

Karina,imran Both look cute

  

Kareena is one of most beautiful actress in Bollywood.

Bollywood me karina se khubsurat heeroin koi bhi ni he I love kareena

Karena to you

Dadi is the most irritating character

Katuwa ke sath rah ke yehi sikhogi

कटूवा जो तीसरी शादी किया उसको भी ले लेना

Kareena kapoor very dirty because marriage with saif ali

So beautiful,  she is looking in this episode.  Kareena seems to have great fun here. So fond of her...

Imran is so fucking underrated

Gaane ke awaj q cut kr dete ho

Kareena Nd Imran both are beautiful ️️

Kapil sir jaha song aur dance hota h mute q kar diya h plz mute n kare taki ham log achchhe se apke show ka aanand le sake

Chandu really did good today

Yes, very beautiful!

Really, babita ji also is also very pretty and what can I say about bebo, she is my fav actress 

Kareena Kapoor beautiful queen

Bhai bhoot hote , jaise bhagwan hote hai vaise hi bhoot bhi hote hai . Bhoot means negativity jaise ravan ya koi or . Bas yaha pe log inpe vishvash nhi karte

That person was insulting Imran by giving advice about his dance, he should never have to do this!

Kareena 

Kareena looks so beautiful and gorgeous 

That&#39;s how they sideline the goodness of everything, then who can save Bollywood from sinking !!!

having dark skin is bad?so why he said m sawla nhi hu as if sawla colour is bad.... racist comedy

Aise lag raha bhai jaise haha uda rahe ho

Ye show Hai Yaa Chutiyapa Imran Khan ko aise hi baitha liya

<a href="">53:17</a> imran&#39;s reaction 

Kapil 56882

Kareena bahut khubsurat lag rahi h

Kareena pink queen 

Kareena smile is gorgeous

Love Kareena

Baat Phir Khoobsurti ki aati hai , toh Bebo ke Saath Kya , Koi Dur - Dur tak Ginti m nhi aata Prettiest Angelic Beauty in the Btown ruling since her Debut ️<a href="">#24YearsofKareenaKapoorKhan</a> <a href="">#QueenforAReason</a>

Initial act was amazing 

Love from pakistan

Old show me maja aata tha

Kareena is very talented

Kiku is such a genius actor

Mujhe to ise dekh kar hi gussa aata he dusre ka ghr tod insaan he he khudgarj kal ko aur kisi ke sath karegi esa

Maa Sha Allah Allah pak hmesha Khush rkhy AmEeen Ellahii AmEeen ️ my fvrt Kareena Kapoor

No one can beat Bebo️

So cute yr my favorite bebo

Kapil Sharma show ko jo bhi Dekhta Hoga pakka Dil Se appreciate bolata hogaJaisa Hindustan Mein Hota Hai Uska vastvik Roop Samne dikha deta hai Sab Hakikat Sabke Samne Rakh deta hai Isko bolate Hain real show log isko Comedy Show bolate Hain main isko Jindagi Ka real show bolata hunMain Dil Se Inka Abhinandan karta hun

Oye etha honda cid



Karina mam bahat sundar hoo

Imran&#39;s reaction after seeing palak&#39;s entry wid sleevelessss.....&quot; Euuuu yi kya hai&quot;..... Thanks for likes

Kareena kapoor so beautifully looking

Poo this charecter is really suitable for Sugandha mishra actually

Royal bhi

Duniya roti rah bus yeah chahte hai yeah. Log mayo Loren Royal darnk Lee  Kylie jenner Sonam sourya main meme   or bhi paryia  purane time se rulaya is ne Hume bharti bhi nigela bhi Kyu Jo kuch mere dad jimmy Cho unko bhi Maha Kal ko bhi bhaad ta jaadu se Kira bhoot sabse jaada mujhe rulaya hai isne mujhe

Jo Javan tha woh dusra tha

Manish bhoot main Hil gyi neeta bhi bhoot hai

<a href="">

GOOD bhai

First thing: log jhut sun kar hans rahe hai 1% bhi sach nahi hai uski baato me aur log Hans rahe hai yahi haal Indian serials ka bhi hai laanat ho aisi comedy par

I kinda feel bad for Imran, always so much ignored but how humble still he is.

Gutthi bhi mind blowing

Akshay ji ko jada bulte hai ap mai unko bhut psnd krti hu. Unke episode mai jada dekhti hu

IMRAN KHAN is AlsoOo ....soOooo Cuteeee.





Mujhe nhi pata tha kareena kapoor itni khubsurat hai

My fevrate show hai ya

I am proud of you Imran khan and kareena kapoor and kapil sharma  love you all my friends

I love kapil sharma and kareena kapoor

Deep is denjar  singar 

very motivating lady  the journey she built is great

Ali ki acting is so so so bad, hilarious and irritating



करीना मेंरी जान है

कलाकार?

My favorite dancer kareena kapoor g

Jaha tak hamne comment padhi hai sabhi se sundar ya beautiful word use kiya karina ke liye naa ki hot and sexy yahi hamare indian culture ki pahchan hai jab- indian dress = beautifulAnd western dress=hot and sexy,,Agar koi western hai to mind nahi karna but this true

Hye, Kareena ne mardala 

I love imran khan

Bebo ️

Gana kyun bar bar band kar diya, dimag kharab hai kya (why stop the songs)

Ho ti hai

Isne Accha kata hain shahid kapoor ka ...

I love krenna kopor

Daadi bni hui  mr. Ali k black hair nzr aa rhy hain.Left ear k paas.

kapil sir ap glt bole wakei me bhoot hote h

Om sai ram

My favourite heroin kareena kapoor so beautiful

I selected this video because when I see Katrina Saif + Imran Khan . My mind thinking about PM IMRAN KHAN Great Leader of Pakistan .Watching video not wastage of time because to see Mam Katrina and to know Actor Imran Khan relationship with PK movie  mind person Amir Khan .Looks gorgeous both .

Kareena is so beautiful and generous she is sweet and humble 

Mam you absolutely 100% so sweet and beautiful

Haey. ️️️️️





Haaaaaaa



Ohh nooo Haey  

Haaaaaaaa 

Haaaaaaa

Nhi. Hi

Hummmm Bebo ️️️

Haaaaaaaaaaa

Dooor dooor O_o



Haaaaa

Haey.  Sweg Se swagat hai 







Haaaaaaa ohhh God Kappu To good. 

Haaaaaa 



️️



Haaaaaaa AAA



Baaaaaaaa 



️️

Haaaaaa 

My favorite actor Kareena Kapoor soooo beautiful ️️️️

B

imraan ko kaise actor bna dya flop acter koi acting nhi..koibacche expression nhi h jabardasti ki actinh

kareena no sindoor 

Jai maa ambe

Jai bhole

Kareena is best 

aap ko show bahut achchhe lagtahai lekin garibko yestara majak udana achchhi nai lagi

Kareena ️️

So beautiful she is

Bollywood need imran khan

Imran khan.... We miss you yrrr

Kareena kapoor is best 

iam big fan of karrenna kopoor .

Katrina Kaif is not good

Kareena kapoor is so beautiful

Wonderful episode 

Hayyy.. Karrena  lkin

Chor gaddar

Kreena kitni cute hai

Kitni hobsorat lgthi hai kreena aisei dress me

Kareena Kapoor is looking so stunning and beautiful

साला कपिल शर्मा ,काला गोरा कर रहा है, रंग आधारित भेदभाव गैर कानूनी है इस शर्मा को नही पता क्या

Kareena is an outstanding actor...

<a href="">11:10</a>

मुझे इस फूहड़ कमेडी में कही हँसी नही आई

<a href="">28:00</a> I miss this witty Kapil... He right now only caters to the celebs

ritika is so lucky she got to hug imran

So beautiful Karina 

Kareena Kapoor ko dekh kr asa lga , kisi budhe langur ko angur mil gya

<a href="">

<a href="">



Imran is such a humble guy, whole show was based on kareena and her beauty, but he was such a sport

Kareena Kapoor is one of a kind, so beautiful and so authentic.....

Looks like Rajeev Nigam as Baba 

Mashaallah looking gorgeous kareena khan mam

<a href="">

Mother of Mugals

looks funny but I don&#39;t understand

62A

I got lost my life when seen kareena I go bathroom every time to hand practice



<a href="">

<a href="">

<a href="">

,,.

Dont mute please

Please handle the copyrights issue ek maza chin leta hai

Show karda ho ki insulta loka de

Khud ka naam bebo ...Hai ???Aur babbu kaisa naam hai ... 

Kareena  mem ki batein dill chu jata hein

Imran look so handsome some time he look like tiger shrof

Imran is so underrated ️️

43:1

25 min baad kareena aayi

Kareena Kapoor loking gorgeous sut me kitni sunder lag rahi hai hamesha sut hi pahanti to kitna accha hotaaur izzat milti

Karina Punjabi parivar say nahi hay woh Peshawar kay Pathan family say belong kerti hay..

Ksm se es show se tagda show koi nhi tha jbse kapil sony main gaya tha tbse bkwaas ho gya tha. Comedy nights with kapil  is best the kapil sharma show is worst, boring.

Kapil Sharma is best in this act

Wah

Kareena..she is so humble nd beautiful 

I love you kareena kapoor 

Love Imran from Pakistan mein app Ka bhut bara fan hoo

Kareena bahut khubsurat lag rahi ho️

One+One=Diwali

Kareena Kapoor ️.One of my favourite actress.

Mashallah

nice

Absolutely. She’s gorgeous as always

Kareena ktny koobsorat thy jb woh  17 years ky thy

Kareena kapoor is so beautiful

میرا بھی بڑا دل کرتا ہے کرینہ سے گلہ ملانے کا

Sidhhu ke nam pe ek dislike thoko 

One of the best episodes of Kapil Show

Kareena looks so beautiful

Kapil was totally  infatuated by kareena

 Super

Kapil is best at comic flirting 

<a href="">26:25</a> Tooh ......

Awais Kumar Rehmanii Pakistani

Bahot Acha jhoot bola 

This movie&#39;s scenes were shooted near Banshankari Bangalore, and I had gone to see the shootings.

Karina is very talented actress

So nice

Sumona pink sadi me kitni pyari lg rhi h 



<a href="">

Outstanding performance all Kapil sir you are awesome

Best video

Kapil and Chandu very cheap talking about with Kareena Kapoor very weird Kapil and Chandu feel like in wild incoming in world

Kareena is looking so good.

Par maine to hath lagaya mujhe to nahana  padega 

Chawal admi kapil tumm ho

Kisi audience ko fezool baat naa kiyaa kro

Jhooot Q teri baaji  thi kapil

I&#39;m big fan kareena kapoor khan

Review for help vlogs



Song ki awaaz Kyon Nahin Sunai dete Ho

Aur sir aap ka show dekhna  me bahut maja aata haiKe rota hua Insaan hansne lagega

Hi Kapil sir aap Jo bhi gana play karte hain  awaaz nahin aati

Achi baat ko audio kr dety hee

<a href="">45:56</a>

outstanding performance by all

Kareena is so gorgeous

Kareena pure beauty 

Its very boring to see that audio is muted on songs! Take relevant permissions and show it !

ओ कपिल इनकेभूतों के चक्कर में फस जाएगा ना तब तू सच मान लेगा तू अनपढ़ आदमी हैआजकल तो साइंस ने भी मान लिया इस शो में करता क्या है तुम मूर्ख वाली बातें ही तो करता है और क्या करता है

tooh sounds like looney toons cartoons :D

gore kaale mei bhed , aurton ki beezati

Kareena Kapoor is a so beautiful ️ I like youI am Harshita

करीना की आंखो मे गजब का आकर्षण है।  She has most attractive eyes among all actress️.

great video....

I love Kapil sir&#39;s comedy . I am from Bangladesh

Kareena is too vulgar

Hindu dharm ko sarmsar karne Wali hiroen

Yr ye Too ka mtlb kya hai??

Ab ye musalmani hai hindu nahi

Imran 

How cute imran

Kreena mn sari dunya men sb  se bri fan hn apki love from pakistan

Mute kyo karte ho

Narendrasingh.Rajput nagguradiyi..karina.kapor

Krina voice 



Am big fan of imran khanhe is too much innocent...i like him,i like his act...he has no attitude i have ever seen...

Sunil grover

Imran Khan 



कपिल शर्मा जी कितना हंसाते भाई

कपिल शर्मा अगर तुझमें हिम्मत है तो किसी मौलवी का मजाक बना

Why are u insulting imran by not including him in conversation

Kareena love you so much

Imran is looking so pretty than Kareen Kapoor it is universal truth

Very sad in this episodeImran is so ignored ..

kareena kapoor looking very very beautiful

karina k chehre k exp me bht love romantic ha like n love kareena

Love from pakistan

<a href="">No.1.show.</a>.supparb se aupar

एन्ड पिट लिया तेरा भी।

Wowww krishna And Bacha

Bakwas

Karena kapoor phalto heroin

<a href="">

𝐌𝐲 𝐟𝐚𝐯𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐞 kareena kapoor

Video project

Kapil bhut ka bhut hi rahega,

Ye bda ranjha

One like Bebo beauty in pink

Kareena is a very bad actress

ब खुद ही है और वह अपनी पत्नी को भेजा जेल भाई के सब कुछ ठीक नहीं होगा कि किसी को भेजा जेल है न कि किसी महिला को भेजा समन नहीं है कि किसी को भी तब जबकि उन्होंने है न ही कोई ऐसा तरीका होता की बड़ी खबरें एक ही है न कि किसी महिला ने दिया घोड़े को जन्म बेनिन अब तक तो आपने

Lungi is my Kori matki re

राम नाम का जाप करें है और वह भी एक दूसरे के सब कुछ है न कि वह अपने घर में गिरावट है न ही कोई निर्णय नहीं भेजा जेल इस मामले की सुनवाई करते हुए कहा

मैंने कहा ठीक नहीं है कि वह भी एक बार एक बार एक बार फिर गांधी नहीं हूं तो मुझे लगा कि छिनना है न ही है न तो मुझे

Kapil ji sabse sundar aap Hi dekh rahe hain

Inke bich nok jhok mtlb divorce....nahi ho nok jhok

Dislike for karina

CNWK was 100 times better than TKSS ️

Yead rakhna plz....... Pith piche kisi ka bar karna koi bahaduri nahi.... Ager himmat hey to kabhi samne say bar kar k dekhna...... Pachtaoge jarur......

Ap sab to kayer ho..... Unko mey hi saja dunga.......mera bahar nikalne ka deri hey.... Fir dikhata hu.....

Abhi or ak bat batau.... Lockdown mey khub piya sharab.. OR ghuma v jada nahi... Police k pas or thora edar udhar.... Aye din kal muhi ka shadi ka nimantran raheta hey jo ki jhut hey..... Unka bohut sokh hey pati ko police banane ka ......Jo ki na mumkin hey.... Burape mey police ka job thori na milega ......unko to a v pata nahi...... Unka pati ka future hey AGENT banna girls ka........ Abhi o keya karega jante ho.... Sidha jayega jada say jada DIG k pas.... Magar unko pata nahi.... Pura Police Team SARKAR ka hey...... Jayega or dat kha k muu lal kar k ghar aake mujhe gali dega gussay say 

Kuch mat koro.... Meri bat mano yea na mano.... Sirf save kar k rakho.... Kam ayega kabhi na kabhi jarur...

Don&#39;t mind.... OR raha nahi ja raha... Man bohut uchal kud kar raha hey.... Sirf itna sochiye ki aye din tabiyat kharab hone ka bahana karna.... Uche abaj mey bat karna.... Batomey kuch jada hi police types ka attitude hona..... Sab kuch janti hey aisha hao bhao karna..... Itna to bebokuf v samajhta hey.... Kuch to gul khila rahi hey...... Ap sab ki private calls sunti hey.... Tarha tarha ki hissay ka bhagidar hey....... In shorts a larki had say jada galat kar chuki hey logo k sath....... Jante ho a sirf or sirf nasha mukti kendra k sath jura huya hey.... Jo log kuch v kar leti hey....... Kuch v.....

Sayed abhi nahi manoge magar kabhi na kabhi jarur manoge.... Mere bato ko sirf save kar k rakho.... Kam ayega future mey.......

Bataya isliye ki... Akshar hum jis pey had say jada bharosha karte hey o hi dhokha dey jate hey. .....or bohut talkif v pohuchate hey....

Chalo... Thora humdardi aya isliye sach bata raha hu..... Film Industry mey kuch aisha larki hey jinka nam mey abhi nahi bataunga... Ap sab khud ko bohut talented mante ho na to dhund k nikal lena.... If you guys can....... Police ko ap sab ki secret information deta hey........ Sirf film Industry mey hi nahi har jaghe mey aisha kuch larka v hey or larki v hey jo (KHABRI) information len den karta hey ...... Mey jo bol raha hu a pura sach hey..... Bhola bhala ban k ghumega..... Magar erada.... Kuch or hi hey...... Mano to mano.... Na mano to mujhe koi fark nahi parta.....

Kareena again looks gorgeous in indian attire

Kareena Begum you are heart toughing beautiful

I love you Karina ji

Imran sir ok repot 

Kapil Sharma Show yaa Comedy Nights with Kapil yehan kaise jaaye??

Kapil Sharma ji hamen vishva mein aana hai hamen bhi invite kijiega

Kapil aatmaye  hoti hai esa nahi hai ki nahi hoti

<a href="">35:35</a> that is so mean 

𝓚𝓪𝓻𝓮𝓮𝓷𝓪 𝓲𝓼 𝓶𝔂 𝓵𝓸𝓿𝓮 𝓼𝓱𝓮 𝓲𝓼 𝓼𝓸 𝓫𝓮𝓪𝓾𝓽𝓲𝓯𝓾𝓵,

nice

Kareena ️

I love emran ️️️️️

Kareena Dil ki bhot achin hai sbse kitne acche se behave krti hai koi ego ni bhot acchi hai️️

Kareena really enjoyed a lot here....

muting the sound is PROFESSIONAL DISCOURTSEY.

Very nice kapil sir

Nokjhok nhi only TApaTap

Chandu ki to balle balle ho gyi️

Imran khan jaisa koi hero nhi current bollywood me. I am biggest fan of him

Nice jodi

kaeeena looks so gorgeous every time

Hey kapil, done with sexist jokes?

करीना 

Karena is love

Ghinauna show

She is so beautiful

1000.cr.net.worth.

I love how 90&#39;s actress always support their traditional clothes and these modern ones have converted themselves in to Western Virtual slaves, where according to them White&#39;s are the standard they have to follow 24/7....it has never helped anyone and Sub-continent need to wake-up to realize its immense power.

Yes she is kohinoor of Bollywood

Yarr majaa aa gaya

करीना, के, नाम, पर, मेने, वीरये का, नाश, कर, दिया, और, ये, सैफ, से, सापंनी,, बनी, तो, दादी, बाय

Bollywood still missing imran I think

Bebo️

Kareena pehle itna attitude nahi dikhati thi ab pta nahi kya hua hai use !



Babu kesa naam he aur khud bebo bangayi he

Kareena is love 

Man she&#39;s pretty

Imran voice hritik roshan ke sath milta hain

comenr

Bebo is so beautiful  imran is so handsome 

Kareena kapoor khubsurat ke sath sath minded heroine hai.

Kareena bolti bahut bindaas hai.

Kapil is the best.

Ali is best

️

Hjldyv ki

Dafaa Kareena

Season 1 was the best plzz in kalakaro ko wapas lao

cute kareena

7 year&#39;s old episode

kareena is really beautiful,dont know without make up

Always audio muted ... bakwas

Love you kreena ️️

Sarala se sundar koi nahi

Kapil ne bhut masti ki kareena se vese

P

सिद्धू के पिचे वाली सारी गर्ल मेरे पेहचान वाली हे

Poor Sumona .. sirf beizat hone ke liye is show me hai yeh.. but she looks beautiful .

️ kareena ️

Audio qu band karte ho

So funny 

Bakwas

<a href="">25:48</a> that s y u come here..BEBO️

You are the woman most beautiful of world, kaarena. I see you from Bolivia 🇧🇴

Falak as Boo! More like Pooo!!!! Kareena: Tumhara koi huq nahi banta ke tum itni badsurat lago!  (I am dead laughing here so hard)

<a href="">53:15</a>

Imran is cute ️

Music q mute krty ho wo hi to snny wala hota

Llllll



Kpila sharma show mai  gana ka voice band kyu kar daithai hai

<a href="">42:05</a> 

Kareena natrul beauty

<a href="">26:40</a>

Karrena Kapoor is so beautiful ️️️

I love you bebo

I love the way old actresses dress up for the family shows 

True  your looking dark today

Veri nice

Deep   jyada ni sochna krena k barre me wrna or ptla ho jaoge ap Shmj rhee ho na Kapil bhai ke language

Kipil the nice camedi

Kareena seems not to be an arrogant girl.....she is very kind lady.....

करीना वास्तव में आप बहुत खूबसूरत हो

Buddi brest kareena

Kareena supported and very humble with everyone in this episode

Kapil jee jan heroin aati h to sound  band ho jata h q

Bichary imran ko lift he koye nae de raha

Bb

Awaj kahe band kr dete ho tv bale bhai

Rasism

करीना आपको कोई हिनदु भाई नही मिला शादी के लिए



Imrannn looking  sooooSoooSoooo soooSooooooooADORABLE..

I like karina and she is looking so beautiful

Who watch this vedio in 2021

7 years old show

Sach mi yr kareena se sunder iss darti pr koi nhi

Angel bebo

For the first time I saw Kareena in full time

Sumona is far good looking and sexy than kareena (nepotism) 

Kapil sharma show se ye wala show bhot funny tha yr

Palak ️️️

copyright so boring !!!

Ilovekareena Kapoor Cinderella beautiful girl in Bollywood kareena that&#39;s all 

Ilove kareena is my Favourite ACTORS in Bollywood 

Bakwas

Who likes Kalil Sharma show hit a like

Without any muck and paste, Sumona looking so beautiful. Her fat lips are a good match with her beautiful arms. Even now she is good.

Super duper comedy

Bhoot pret sach Mein hotel hai agarnahi hai vishwaas to YouTube par rkr history channel search karo

Kareena

Kpil insan kitna b prashn ho ap ka show dhk k sb tenshn khtm

kareena me bilkul b attitude nhi hai...beauty queen 

kareena 

Massah Allah

Nice Kapil Sharma show  very nice

I love you kareena

I love you kareena Kapoor

Comedy night with kapial

i want to meet you so how

Audio kyu kaat dete ho bhai maja nai ata

Kapil aap kannada akhbar ke bareme kue aisa boldiya........be carefull kapil

EXCELLENT

Sch me phle wli hiroin hi pure kapde phnti h full dress hi achhi lagti h aajkal ki actress ko to kapde phne ki sense ni h

This episode was of that time when I was of 4 years.....

Ye banda baaton baaton me bollywood ki aukaat batata hai

Karana Kumar is very hote

Are Yar aap log song ke waqt mute Kyu Kar dete he Yar Pura Maja ud Jaaa he show dekhne ka

JUSTICE FOR SSR 

Kapil ji repeat  programs dekhte hair to song bajta hai to aawaj band kar fete hai plz aisa na kare

Very. Nice

att

One of the best episode ....they should discuss the movie too

Last date

Sorry Hnhitokoinhiaayega

Ma kapil sharma ki babut fan hu

Nice nice very very very very very very very very nice 

Karena aam actres ki trha atitude blkul nahi dkharae v good.

Ye comedian to moti blkul nahi.

Ye imran kska beta he.

Inlogon ne comedy pak7staneyon se sekhe he.

Eias Sali ko koi Hindu land he Nahi mila

Kapil sarma best show

It’s a huge and famous program take copyright for audio

Only kk

Only kk

Saif ali khan khus Naseeb insan h jo kareena jaishi wife mili h.kareena is very Butiful

Kareena and imran Khan I love you ️️️

Yaar ye Gore colour ko itna achchha bata rahe hai jaise gora na hona koi jurm hai

Duniya k sabse dumb log Kapil k show par hi jate hai. Baki pura show mast hai 

So Lovely and beauty is Kareena &quot;Love from Pakistan &quot;

Y voice mute kr dete hy pro h bs

<a href=""> 

Randi hai aa

yeh sidhu hamesha old ghisa pita dialogue bolta hai after seeing girls &quot; aap parliament main hoti toh hajri puri hoti &quot; .. sun sunke pak gaya

Nice  kyo teri figure Kharab ho rhi hai

Lakadbhaga mere gaav mi nikalta h kapill bhaiyaa 

Alli bhai so hinsam 🇮🇳 dadi ka rol bahot achha Karti h nice 

<a href="">45:00</a> wht a dance 

Ashwerya khuch b nahi kareena k agy AGR real beati ki BT ki Jay too

Kareena kapoor is beautifull lady in world so pretty so sweet smile verry cute

I love ️️️

Vary nice      

Maza aa gya yr

Koyi mat dekhna in katuwa ka picture️

Sab kuchh to thik hai... But katuwa ko select karke bahut ganda kam ki

I love you  karina

I love you

Kareena is looking damn cute in this beautiful pink dress

Nice show and I love kareena

Beauti ek  dhokha hai.Ye Amrita se pu.chho.Uss ke Dil  mein kya gujri hogi.

kapil je aap ko bhoot dhek na h to rat ko bhan garh( alwar diatrick )ke kile me rat ko jana aap ko pta chal jaye ga bhoot ho te h ya nhi   aap ko pta chal jaye ga

I love kareena

Kareena is my so favrate

Sb screpted h

INDIA HASNA BHOOL GAYA THA AAPNE HASA DIYA.

LOVE YOU kAPIL PAAJI.

Kapil gareboka majak dete hai

I hate Kapil sharma show

45.30 lgta h inhone  salman khan ko hr dance me choreographe kiya h 

Ye wahi kareena h jisne bola tha ki hm public ko nhi bulate film dekhne ko public khud ati h..itna attitude



Amazing.kapil wants to have some flurt with katreena  but he wants permission of saif.What a.......

I feel like imraan Khan ignored. More focus on kareena only

Imran ko kyon bulaya thaa saalo

Kareena is masst actr

Bhutttt bekar begeret oret lagti he ye kareena Marina her jaga nache ge or her jaga mardo se chipke ge ya to her jaga jism fahasi krti he ye fazol he ye jhoti jhoti tarif krta he ye kapil bhe is bekar oret ki gandi larki 

Wow

Kareena is Beautifull

Love how Kareena is a good sport unlike the new comers with attitude and arrogance.

kareena kapoor beutifull wow

I don&#39;t like sidhu&#39;s shayari

icon of bty the kareena

Wow its so funny I love it

Saale kamine hai desh k liya paisa nahi nikaltaa hai  loot rahe hai boycott bollywood 

I लव करीना

This what cuteness is called... No western dress of kareena kapoor yet she looks so beautiful

Very nice

Kareena Kapoor sira a

Kya cheez ha yar ye kareena kaporIss ki laynay main kya maza aay ga yar 



Very nice karina

Kali maxi

Kappu i love you! But i hate u  u broken my heart

<a href="">My.you.par.chanal.amit.kr.mo.no</a>. 6201991071.

Nice

Kareena,s dreess beatiful.

Maja  nehi aya

kareena qamees shalwar me bohot beautiful lag rahi he

Kapil ji or sidhu bha ji very nice programe, main aap ke program dekh kar mere ek leg kat jane ke baad bistar per dekh dekh kar time kaat raha hun, mere viran jindgi me ronk aa jati hai sir, bhagwan aap sabhi ko kaamyab banaye rakhey

Musuk mai sawnd band plz khol de

Musuk mai sawnd band plz khol de

Love yu beby

Kareena yu are vere preety

Nice

Kareena looks very pretty.

agr mute krna hota ha tu gana gaty ar lagaty hi kiu ho

audio kiu mute kr dety hain

Mera phelaa payer ah kareena

. . . . PAINTING seen during Europe tour changed the mind!P. S.  . . . . LAPAROSCOPIC oocyte retrieval and donation for in vitro and surrogacy! THREE need not cohabit or be seen together anywhere (legally married in 2010 itself); the clinic does all at a price.  which was probably done in Nov’19 after early return from Europe; twins born in early Aug’20 after 266 days!Cancelled marriage:<a href=""> Engagement date from Wikipedia recently:<a href=""> web people are also selling drugs on the website; they are propagating to solicit customers for drugs!. . . . SYSTEMATIC dismantling was started from March’19 after the serious twin heart-break of “Sonechirya doom” and “Pataudi gloom” - in his words.  “fame aur money ki koi aukat nahi”!. . . . his sisters stayed with him for few months to do rituals and to console him; the last live-in partner entered his 16th floor home in the thick of night after a party.  pleading to his sister for “adoption” and complimenting that “home is affluent”!. . . . during the dismantling process.  companies were created to bestow respect unto her and her brother.  Upon getting the opportunity to be trained at NASA (link below).  went on Europe tour BUT.  seeing a painting there happened to be a watershed moment; changed his mind to go back to his first live-in partner to try in vitro and surrogacy again.  which had failed around 2016 with “dusri aurat” coming on You Tube with a lawyer for mutual interview! . . . . before returning went for detox for some days to increase the count and motility; returned earlier than planned and went ahead with in vitro and surrogacy for which few lakhs cash was withdrawn by his manager!. . . . when surrogacy was known to have successfully set in after few weeks.  started all the drama of being “ill”.  so that the live-in partner may abandon him but she was tenacious!. . . . changed home.  still she came in.  went to sister’s home but she called him with repeated and disturbing calls towards the end of Jan’20; next month on 25th Feb.  his parent complained to police regarding “bad company” and “risk to life” having come to know that the duo brother-sister are drug peddlers and spoiling him!. . . . Meanwhile.  surrogacy and NASA plans were going ahead.  when Corona lockdown started by mid-March’20.  continued to live together!. . . . few months ration was brought to farm house around May’20.  when the surrogate mother was having fresh air and was kept away from Corona environment!. . . . towards the end of May’20 one of his best friends came to his 6-7th floor duplex but did not choose to go upstairs.   instead he was driven to farm house to tell his surrogacy story and the plan to ESCAPE because the live-in partner was too gripping and tenacious; also surrogacy issue might raise legal conflicts if the present partner of his previous Ex interferes legally!Sushant Singh Rajput to train for NASA’s moon mission 2024:<a href=""> explanation indeed in terms of Physics! According to him the difference between LIKE and LOVE is: “liking as living with frequent analysis whereas love would be to surrender and submit to the wonderful feeling of unity and resonance”.  Another way of looking at LOVE is: Accepting the POSITIVES and ignoring the NEGATIVES of a thing or a person! LIKE is the entrance door to LOVE! Thanks! Aj FB <a href=""> mum says.  “beta” and her present partner upon being trolled reveals that the TWO families have “cordial relationship”!. . . . on Instagram her mum was quiet for nearly three months from 1st May to 28th July’20.  probably taking care of the surrogate mother at native place till birth of the twins! Again.  since early Sept’20 she is quiet on her Instagram.  surely in native place because she herself mentioned about it in a video chat with her friend on You Tube recently!Escape: <a href=""> date has been erased from Wikipedia recently!. . . . instead her photo with him has been uploaded on Wikipedia!. . . . upon twins birth.  tweeted.  “Our Circle is Richer”! Circle of his sisters!. . . . her mum is staying in native place nurturing the twins with the surrogate mother!. . . . of course.  her present partner supports her; actually.  it appears to be “Devdasi” story.  wherein MRKH young ladies were allowed to be in place of worship despite the fact that women were not allowed; because.  MRKH doesn’t need Carefree!. . . . SCIENCE was not so developed for in vitro and surrogacy.  so MRKH and LGBTQ were subjected to marriage to God as Devadasis! But.  later too many evil practices ensued!How Devadasis went from having high social status to being slaves and child prostitutes:<a href=""> href=""> pictures and videos uploaded starting from 2nd Sept’20 onwards by an ardent fan of “short stint couple” since 2018-19.  which got punctuated by his change of mind after seeing the painting during the European tour and going ahead with surrogacy plan afresh!. . . . Wikipedia of his previous Ex is now cleaned up and not showing engagement date.  11th June’20.  which appeared few days after his “suicide drama” instead showing up elegantly her photo with him at the beginning of his filmy career!. . . . his previous Ex’s present partner is very supportive to her.  which is graceful indeed!Wikipedia:<a href="">’s posts since 2nd Sept’20:<a href=""> live in partner was the only person allowed to see him in the postmortem room such that she gets convinced!. . . . SURROGACY was in 7th month and the surrogate mother (Ex-manager) was living in Farmhouse for fresh air and away from Corona environment; before the suicide drama.  she was taken to the native home of previous Ex in the heart of India; most likely underwent Caesarean due to twin and being unmarried.  in the first week of Aug; there previous Ex’s mum is nurturing the twin with the surrogate mother!. . . . he will flourish in the new name; people will have deja vu feel upon seeing him again!. . . . he did not reveal every intention to the CID.  just about threats and suicidal tendencies; with these excuses.  the CID in plain cloth helped him escape dramatically!. . . . DIFFERENT name; maybe as “first sibling”.  who was lost at age one and a half years according to the story woven by the US sister; so.  lost and found story might be made after CBI enquiry concludes!. . . . DEFINITELY.  will not come back to Bollywood; maybe continue working at NASA and begin acting at Hollywood eventually!. . . . REPETITIVE work was disliked by him; Creative skills needed to flourish in a fresh environment.  which required change of place; but.  escape needed to be dramatised! . . . . DRISHYAM: film!Law shouldn’t rely heavily on “false” witness!<a href=""> Similar story!<a href=""> href=""> (Humane) more than actor - was the desire always!British Raj: Indian Law System:<a href=""> alike - filmed on funeral pyre:<a href=""> at Ex house:<a href=""> href=""> 12th: Half way through surrogacy:<a href=""> href=""> Dramas on 15th.  26th May and 9th June:<a href=""> woven with pink cloth over white central portion to represent umbilical cord and rest of the pink cloth representing the placenta because the idea is about “rebirth” into a different country as “alien” and keeping the arms in flying posture because upon repeated appeal since the beginning of June.  his live in partner posted on the 6th itself.  “unlock.  unwind.  untie . . . . can fly”!Painting: <a href=""> 266 days to 14th Nov 2019: EDD 6th Aug 2020:<a href=""> href=""> plan by him:<a href=""> friend’s clarifications:<a href=""> of being a son:<a href=""> . . . . BOOK was ready to be published - “How To Have A Solution”!

Kapil Sharma is The Best.                   Kapil Sharma show Number ONE show

Amazing beauty kareena kapoor khan.dashing beauty for saif.glorious beauty kareena.

Imran khan ki personality ik dum zero. ....tabhi ajkal nazar nahi ata

Kareena is looking very beautiful and decent ️️️

Nonsene

I hate sidhu’s garbage poetry. 

Kapil looked his best during this phase..

Kapil 56882

Kareena aur Emran ke Aate hi unke Gorepann pe Itni taarif ho rahi hai aisa lag raha hai ke national television pe khuleaam ye bataya jaa raha hai ke Rang bhed kar na koi buri baat nahi.Resist. Flow Flow me agar bol diya to kaat do scene Release karne se pehle kuch to socho.India ke 60-70 % log jo indian colour ke hai unpe kya asar hoga

Love you kareena kapoor 

इधर अडीउ kyun  bandhkar rahehein

Ŕr55

Makeup utar churail he oret

<a href="">21:20</a>

Very nice a

Sahi wording use kia krn family show ha ye

Yeh achi baat nahi hai sir aap sound mute karte ho

Karina ilu .

I&#39;ll Divya bivatiful my beautiful wife Ban jao.ilu Terri Meri Kahani Divya bivatiful.

People should give a break to kapil. He did said gori but now he has grown up and is more aware nowjust like all of us . We too had laugh in govinda movies but now we know that&#39;s sexism and racism . Kapil too is from our generation he too was not aware of these things.

Karina Kapoor my favorite actor

My favourite bebo

Kapil sharma ke pass dialogue nhi rhe New Tab HI iss episode me or anil kapoor, sonam, juhi Chawala or rajkumar rao ke episode me bhi same dialogue bole..... 

Ali asgar good acting

Odio kat na karo pliz



IMRAN KHAN ne filmon se doori kyoon banaa lee ??? 

Mute is very bad

Kareena is so cute

I am here only for <a href="">39:02</a>

Q wrx rusAttwf

H

Nice

Nyc

घटिया शो

<a href=""> video Dekho Jarur with Arsh Diamond    सब फैन लिंक open करो[10/6, 3:46 PM] Arshdeep Singh تم سے م: <a href="">

Kareena ️

Hindimuve20020

Aurat marne k bad bhi chudail rehti h - kya soch h kapil ki

Karina ka chehra samne aa chuka desh kabhi maaf nhi krega

Wow

Aap to bahut hasate hi

plz nagin 3 epi 82 ko koi urdu m upload kar do

Basically this line is not for Kapil Sharma Show but for the guest..Chhichhoro ki fauj kar rahi jai mauj

Very very nice

Kapil ji har kisi bnde ki insalt mat karo parmatama se daro

Std4   akam kasoti  solushan

Ambulance vahan ne ulta ambulance   kyo?? Likha jata he... <a href="">

Kapil Sharma 56882

I love kareena

Good



Very good 

<a href="">

Hii

C n w k

Kahana music film cheinal h Mera piriti chamola ghrwali chainal please sascraib jarur kare or sune thanks for you please

I back to stok

Kareena so beautiful and stylish

Please add heroponti cast show

Kareena bahut sundar lag rahi he. 

Bhoot hote hain kapil

Kapil...admi Marne ke bad brahmrakshyas banta hai

Tune bittu ki shading mendako ke khandan mai krdi?

Boycott

Kapil sharma show has .....biggest weak point is.....Kapil always speaks worst words about femals(feminism)..he never respect ledies...shame on you Kapil...if we will elliminate total jokes on ladies....then there is nothing....that means kapil can creat only nonsense jokes...no QUALITY at all.

Nice

Wah g Maza as gya

M   amazed she is elegant 

Passing cheap comments about girls is not funny Kapil

Kapil I love you bro

<a href="">

<a href="">

I love Imran and kareena️

HTClpp

Kapil is best comedian in the world

<a href="">#Osathivikasupadhyay</a>

Audio mute mt kro

करीना मेरी फेवरेट सेक्सी हीरोइन है

Bollywood......

Kareena kuch jyada hi over react kr rhi ......as she said don&#39;t watch movies .......I&#39;m here just for Kapil &#39;s comedy ...right said kareena acting ki line mei sare actors illiterate hai .....khud hi bol dia woww ....tum bhi unparh hi ho kareena makeup krne se koi khubsurat ni ho jata .... beauty doesn&#39;t matter but beautiful heart matters.....nd please iski zyada tarif mt kro beautiful hot nd all that ....she don&#39;t deserve this .....kuch jyada hi over hone lg jati hai yeh ..... overconfident overattitude

So good kapil sirjee

Karena

As Kareena quoted “ DONT GO TO WATCH OUR MOVIES”... not disappointing her I just came to remind us all that let her wish be granted to her...so <a href="">#boycott</a> Her any appearances...

Nepotism



Kapil Sir so good ..

Bandar ki Sali

इनके बेटे का नाम तैमूर क्यों है , उसने तो करोड़ों हिन्दुओं का मरवाया था?

Divya bivatiful Karina ji.

Aap Meri Bayako pahali Ban gai this satha me khna khaya tha .

Divya ma urf Karina madam 143

<a href="">

Charsi Kareena

Yaar Kapil pl keep that bi* Archana &amp; the bloody Sardar away...they break the mic with their false laughter

<a href="">

Karina Kapur my fan , Kapil so Sharma

Funniest part in this show,  is when; Male becomes female to entertain

Nice

Superb

Nice Kapil Sharma love you

Thoko thoko

I love Kapil sar I m from Pakistan

Nice 

Kamal ki comedy Hai

Kapil toooooooooo good man

Miss that great team i wish Dadi, Dr ghulati and sudu paa ji b new season 2 mein ah jaye

Bablu Kumar

Boycott Kareena khaan....

kapil sir apse milne ke liye khya process hai

karena love you from Pakistan soo cute karena

Kareena larki ka scert dekhti reh gai



Silent hi karna hai to mat karo

Ek bhi vote nhi milega isko

Hi

Kapil ni modi ko bola hai choikidar 

Yar aps ki bt h karishma  ki bt h or ha love u both

Kareena 

<a href="">27:00</a> kapil sharma k liye sundarta(beauty) ka matlab gora hona hai.. bhosdika racist hai.. 2 kaudi ki soch hai kapil sharma ki

Jo heroine aati h ap unhi ki tarif kerne lgte ho heera ye wo itni achi bhi nhi h hme nhi achi lgti

Hahaha

Love you Imran

<b>Truth</b>--  I started disfollowiing, Kapil Sharma kyonki vo Rascal,Fraud,drunker Bollybood stars ko hi bulata h.Aakhi Kapil v to unhi kutto ka hi party h aur unke saath enjoy karta <a href="">h.Fans</a> Don&#39;t waste ur time by watching show. There are many ways to laugh. Love U Sushant.

Kareena ka vdo dislike karne ke liye open kiya hai

Do not say ghosts do not exist. Dadaji ke dadaji ko kisne aankhon seh Dekha Bhai?

@from information channelWhois Kapil sharmagreat fanReply meand got surprice

@from information channelWhois Kapil sharmagreat fanReply meand got surprice

I luv dis show but jst hate dis episode cuz of KukareenaJustice for Sushant sir

Hate to see these bollywood actors anymore l just came here to dislike.

Nice

Love u kareena kapoor

<a href="">29:34</a>



Speeematwanooo...

I just watched this for Palak&#39;s performance she&#39;s outstanding lmao and kareena was very pretty according to now days.

Fake people

Ye sali o ko interview Kya dekhne ka.... Apne baap se sadi ki hai isne...

‪‪. . . . ”SUICIDE or murder” film to be released by Dec or Jan’21.  preparation for which began at a week before his “suicide drama escape”! Obviously.  on the suicide day.  “Mumbai based Cricketer Sister” was a replacement of the real one.  who might act in the forthcoming film!. . . . even his father did not visit home or hospital.  had been in blue t-shirt.  only acting to be fainting or sad! All sisters also kept aloof from the police.  to escape legal implications later for having misled the police! Actually.  one of his two best friends.  posed as his “dead body” and the other most blamed friend  “handed over the body - actually beddings wrapped in white shroud” to the police and next day showed an “abandoned body” to his live in partner and took for hurried cremation without hearse.  floral tributes etc!. . . . LIGHTS were put off early on the day before.  such that everyone goes to sleep early and wakes up by 1-2 am for preparing for the flight to Houston on the CID recommendation for mental health rehabilitation under the 2017 law.  which offers to support with dignity to suicide or threat prone people! . . . . Gave a miss call to the live in partner to fill with guilt feel for not responding before suicide.  four minutes later gave a miss call to the best friend to convey that he is leaving.  so that he can come in the morning to pose as his “dead body” in his half pant and t-shirt on his bed or might have come in the night itself to see off and was keeping the duplicate key to come into the room in the morning around 6:00 am to prepare as “his dead body”!. . . . ”Byomkesh Baksy”.  detective film (2015) was not watched much but the genius learnt quite a lot about “Sherlock Holmes tricks” and “Sonchiriya” (March 2019) about “Chambal Dacoits” ran into huge loss! Nevertheless.  he applied “engineering cognitive tools” to earn huge share out of the  2. 000 crores business of Dil Bechara.  which prompted his father to sideline the live in partner before she puts her hands on money because she can claim as a wife can according to 2003 law; and she says that she will fight!. . . . ESCAPE hypothesis might be explored with help of Interpol upon submission by the Mumbai CID once CBI bow to inconclusiveness! TWINS through surrogacy (Ex-manager) to MRKH required sidelining parasitic partner to unleash intellectual curiosity abroad! Aj FB Ajay Simon Richard‬. . . . ESCAPE required to collect all DATA in a compact form.  the 8 hard discs! Live in partner was told to leave so that Ex manager’s death news can be created.  escalating to “threats to life” for the CID to act upon under 2017 law regarding Mental Health and Rehabilitation with DIGNITY maintained!. . . . ”As per the Act.  the government will have the duty to provide care.  treatment and rehabilitation to the person.  who attempts suicide and has severe stress.  to reduce the risk of recurrence of attempt to commit suicide. ”Government Decriminalises Suicide.  Notifies New Law:<a href=""> in 5. 000 girls are born with MRKH defect (no uterus; no carefree use) but can have a child since they have ovaries producing ova.  which can be laparoscopically retrieved and fertilised in vitro and implanted into a surrogate mother.  which takes 266 days to deliver the baby usually twins because the child is precious and expensive so they do not want to take chances.  they implant two fertilised eggs!. . . . DIG or equivalent is the rank of his brother-in-law.  who initially disapproved marriage with one having MRKH.  but when surrogacy was in progress.  facilitated reunion.  which needed getting rid of the recent live in partner about which they have been reporting  to police since 25th Feb’20 regarding “bad company” and “risk to life”!. . . . ”SUICIDE or MURDER” film release Dec/Jan’21. . people in drama since 14 Jun want confusion; ESCAPE possibility kept confidential by Mumbai CID for provision of Dignity &amp; Support to Suicide &amp; Threat prone citizens by 2017 law! Thanks! Aj FB Ajay Simon Richard‬. . . . AMBULANCE driver (member of Bandra CID) tried to return the “bedding wrapped in white shroud.  which included left over cloths of the live in partner” - making the “mortal remains” so heavy and long!. . . . COOPER hospital mortuary entry was facilitated purposefully to let the live-in partner believe by seeing the “swollen body” as his.  hardly recognisable (actually.  an abandoned body) because the entire “suicide drama” was enacted to get rid of her for being quarrelsome.  in bad company with spending spree and extorting or laundering money!. . . . HIS father and sisters are not raising finger at the best friend; media and fans are too speculative! Thanks! Aj Facebook: Ajay Simon Richard. . . . HARD to say about things which are not confirmed by evidences and witnesses!P. S.  BUT.  hypotheses are designed to explore such possibilities which can be imagined on the basis of certain DIFFUSE facts and figures!. . . . Pavitra Rista was named so because one of the characters had purity of relationships that cannot beget a child (MRKH - no carefree use)! This was the main reason why his DIG brother-in-law did not recommend despite 6-7 years long relationship (403 -404)!. . . . DURING Europe tour upon seeing a painting that a man used to eat up his own child because he believed that the child would dethrone him.  decided to go for the in vitro process!. . . . PROBABLY.  this painting reminded him about 404 and took pledge with Rudraksha Mala Jaap and arranged for Laparoscopic Oocyte retrieval and in vitro process and surrogacy in Nov’19 (5 lakhs withdrawn) which materialised probably around 27th Dec’19; adding 266 days to it gives EDD of 18th Sept.  but because of twins and other factors.  became premature.  10th Aug’20!. . . . BOOK was ready to be published - “How To Have A Solution”! This book is liked by his Creative Artist flatmate very much.  which is all about the personal and professional mess that was created because of this live-in partner and the Ex together with falling victim to nepotism and rivalry in the Bollywood!. . . . US sister has already started making story about the LOST first sibling at age one and a half years.  FOUND story might start next year to present him as the first sibling; that’s why she is asking for CLOSURE of the case not exactly justice!. . . . PAVITRA Rista part two has been proposed by 404!. . . . TWO flats 403 and 404 were bought by him for the live in relationship but the child issue had been the hinderance!. . . . TRUE! . . . . he said in an interview that Chichore means “smart but not getting caught”! . . . . his father got a chance to show some of his acting skills his son inherited by feigning to be fainting and looking sad!. . . . all relatives were quiet for one and a half months until sympathy wave success of Dil Bechara on “Over The Top” (OTT) - high speed Internet.  made stupendous business of more than 2. 000 crores (advertisers paid). . . . woke up to utter surprise of everyone to sideline the live-in partner.  who can legally claim the windfalls of Dil Bechara. . . . he always wanted to quit acting for NASA and film making course saying that money and fame have no value now in life! Thanks! Aj Facebook: Ajay Simon RichardP. S.  . . . . LEGALLY.  suicide is defined as &quot;the intentional act of self destruction committed by someone knowing what he is doing and knowing the probable consequences of his action. &quot; . . . . ESCAPE confidentiality can be shared with CBI by Mumbai CID. . . . ”suicide of career” and SHAM postmortem and funeral. . . . in the larger interest of humanity for :- awareness about depression &amp; suicide.  money laundering live-in partners.  nepotism.  extortionism etc! FB Ajay Simon Richard. . . . BODY is not there on the trolley.  just beddings and other discarded things; one of his friends posed as “dead body” on the bed wearing the same “half pant and t-shirt” with which the genius had got photographed a day or two earlier (with pinkish “placenta and umbilical cord” - rebirth) before escaping at 3:30 am for the airport for Houston with 5-6 people!. . . . actually.  CID and DIG brother-in-law helped to escape because “risk to life” was being reported since 25th Feb’20 and threats were coming (56 SIMs changed) especially after Ex-manager’s mysterious death! . . . . QUITTING habit has been ever since - Pavitra Rista.  Engineering.  California film making course etc! . . . . PURPOSE behind the drama is to “end all this for good” - struggle with Cabal for existence in Bollywood.  to work at NASA and to do film making course.  unacceptable quarrelsome live-in partner to relatives.  twins success in vitro endeavour after returning from Europe following detoxification to increase count and quality - with oocyte retrieved from MRKH for surrogacy (probably.  Ex-manager)! Thanks! Aj Facebook: Ajay Simon Richard . . . . TWINS more likely in vitro (oocyte retrieval 5 lakhs Nov) due to MRKH (add 266 days to 27th Dec.  but can be premature by 5-6 weeks. . . . 10th Aug instead of 18th Sept). . . . photon in double slits. . . . to be humane. . . . SC.  “unusual circumstances”!. . . . even relatives were “maun” (silent) for one and a half months till lodging FIR on 27th July at Patna; woke up after Stupendous success of Dil Bechara with the release on 24th July earning around 2. 000 crores; live-in partner can claim the money as a wife can.  so his father wants to sideline her alleging that she already had 15 crores!

MP police job do Verna

My favourite tv show

<a href="">

Ye over acting ki dukan kab retirement legi... Bandr shkal ki....

Ff

Bahut hieh entertaining hai.

Bahut accha show hai.

<a href="">0:55</a> me kapil bolta hy &#39;jabse sadi hui tab se &#39; sadi ho gyi thi kapil ki

Sabse ghatiya siddhu ki sayri lgti hai

Cheeeeeeeeeeeeee don&#39;t like this women

مجھے آپ کا شواورآپاور سدھو جی بہت پسند ہو

میرے مدنی بھائیو کوئی بھی شخص جو کسی بھی بیماری میں مبتلا ہو لیکن پیسوں کی کمی یا نہ ہونے کے باعث علاج کروانے سے مجبورہو ۔میری تمام احباب سے گزارش ہے ۔بلا تاخیر اسے میرے پاس بھیج دیا کریں ۔اگر کوئی بھائی مجھے نہیں جانتا تو صرف مجھ خاکسار کو ایک کال کر لے یا دانیال روحانی دواخانہ پر آکر مجھ سے مل لے۔ باقی انسان صرف کوشش کر سکتا ہے ۔ہمت و طاقت تو اللہ تبارک تعالی ہی دیتا ہے۔شعبہ طب میں انسانیت کی خدمت میں اس کاوش میں ہمارا ساتھ دیں تاکہ ہماری ایسی آدنا سی کاوشوں  سے کسی ضرورت مند کا بھلا ہو جائےہمارے گروپ کوجوائن کریں اوراپنے دوستوں کو بھی جوائن کروائیں.... شکریہپرخلوص رہنمائی۔صحیح تشخیص۔اورمستند علاجاورمشورہ‘ کے لئے کال کریں<a href="">

This is not good why u sound mute?

Mute kyu karte ho salye aavaj

Promotes terrorism justice for suaant singh rajput boycott bollywood

Taimoor ko janm dene wali jihadi kareena soopnskha librandu ap to kapoor bhee nshin shsitan mulli

Rjktjrj

<b>Nepo kids</b>

Khan gang member

I love kareena

Kareena kitni khubsurat lag rahi heyAish say jyada khubsurat hay

Stop praised her.product of nepotisium

Fuudu show aaj ke baath kabhi nhi dekhna

Boy cutt Karena

Sidhu ji waps aa gye kya?

I hate this woman 

Love you

Dude should stop roasting them audiences

Kareena ka reaction bilkul arrogant.. Bilkul passan nehi... I got yuck of her reaction ..

sara maja hi kirkira kar diya audio mute karke

Babbu name tan jive sunneya hi nai isne

Apne sanskriti chhor ke aadab Karti h.. such shame

Audio off why nogood

Aap log Kabhi garibon ko samajh Nahin Sakte garibon ki insity karte hain aap Aisa Kyon

Yaar audio kyu mute karte hai son time Sara maazza  soil ho jata hai

Bua roll karnebali ka naam btao koi bhai

<a href="">#ritapoetry</a> video dekhiye shayd pasnd aaye subscribe bhi kijiyega 

Cutya h kapil sarma

Malegaon kapil fans clab

very nice

very nice

Sorry kapil. I dont want to see any Khans in TV and Yr show

Kapil ke talent ke aage colours channel v jhuk hi gaya... Ghamand ab line par aya hai.... Kapil ko rakh nhi saka ab uske purane episode se hi ghar chalao... East or West Kapil is Best 

Nice

Imran Khan good Karina khan khoobsurat hai

Jai hind guys, Maine ek video banaya hai jisme hum aasani se ghar baithe apni health aur immunity ko achhi kar sakte hai so please zarur dekhiye<a href=""> agar aapko yah video kaam ka lage ya pasand aaye to please like ,share and subscribe bhi kar dijiyega....️

Sidhu paa hi ache lagte hain kapil sharma show main

Grt

Krreena was so btful back thenn....no sugery ... Natural beauty !!!!

Gulati ka sthan per Chandu  ko  utaro o perfect hai

Dislike for mute..

I dont like ali azgar&#39;s acting

Imran khan be like - mai Chutiya hu Jo idhar aaya

Kapil 



My dislike for karina kapoor

Nice

Audio mute kar dete hai toy YouTube par kyu dalte ho, agar itna confidantional rkhne chahte mat dalo public ko dikhne ke liye, audio mute kr ke man kharab ho jata hai

Khud gore Ko itna badhawa dete h ye log fir Baad me Gyan pelte h ki gore kale kuch nhi hota h

So nice

गाने की आवाज क्यो बन्द कर देते हो

His real name is Imran Pal not Imran Khan as his father is Hindu but his mother Nuzhat (Aamir Khan&#39;s cousin sister) named him Khan after her divorce when he was 1.5 years old

Boycott

She is fake... They can&#39;t be someone&#39;s inspiration or ideal person... She is just a gold digger and said ki hamari movies dekhna bandd krdo...stupid woman

Kapil best

Maza  ha show

Kareena  my most fvrt i love u

Aavaj to kat kar dete h aap log gana ho ya dans ho  baki sab very nice kapil ji 

Doston aap ka aik subscribe kisi ghareeb ki zindgi bana sakta hai main is bechare ki pareshan is comment main Bata nahi sakta aapko apki  ma ka pyar yad  dilakar kehta hu kirpaya is channel ko subscribe  karen<a href="">

Kapil bhi bd krdo dekhna yaha sb nepotism wle he atte Aa

Mugic

Nepo

Jis jis episode men yeah sidhu phudu aaye ga.. Wo mere jaise kae log watch nahe karen gey.

Hate the shiniest product of nepotism ...Kareena ...her earlier movies were such duds...this arrogant and full of herself actress survived bcoz of her name

80

Boycott kro salman ke is show ko..

I love kapil

See here also nepotism with Imran khan

What a silly comment this dumbo  woman made to Kiku  on show - &quot; you don&#39;t have right to look so ugly&quot; .  How can one b so stupid as this woman is ? Shows her poor upbringing n lack of brains !

Once upon a time Kareena was my one of my favourite bt ab har ek Nepo kids ko Dekh Kar yuckk reaction rhta h

Kareena= to a ROSE and a bright shining SUN. The ultimate beauty.

is kutiya ko na bulya kro kreena jasi

















KAPIL 56882

What the hell !!! &#39;gora&#39; &#39;kala&#39;  ... nonsense

I dont like when somebody is very boastful and <a href="">arrogant.to</a> be host

Very nice

Verry nice and verry funny

Old episode

Ye galt bat hi music kyo band karte ho

Afhad

This show was a lot better than the Kapil Sharma show...and it was actually funny

Inn madarchodo episode dekhna band karlo boycott kato

Iss Randi ko kyu bulaya tum logo ne

Hindu hoke , Jolha se shadi kar li, wo v pahle se 3 biwi wale ke sath, jaake dub mar

Kareena kkpk

Kareena Kapoor&#39;s in india new in this page like

Colors of gold

Kareena Kapoor Khan and other

Kareena bhudhi ghtiya aurat witch, bitch, bastard sb hai tu ghtiya justice for Sushant sir.

haters are just mad that she stayed relevant for 20 fucking years and still rules the industry &lt;33

<a href="">25:25</a>

Don&#39;t feel like watching Kapil&#39;s show.... because he never even once about Sushant....he is for the shameless Bollywood and we can&#39;t see the faces of these double personality hypocrites....

Audio Dena chahiye

<a href="">#Uninstallhotstar</a> sadak2<a href="">#TheKapilSharmaShow</a> s <a href="">#ProducerSALMANKHAN</a>

Kareena Randi ha

<a href="">

Kareena is show Mae sub sae zaidaaa khobsorat lag rahe...I have seen so many actresses but seriously just wowww

Bakvas

kareena is true ARTIST...........look at <a href="">54:55</a> ...how. she is clapping and saying OUTSTANDING...only true artist can respect and praise other true artist,,,,,,,love u kareena

Musali is ne desh hindu samaj ka naam kharab karne me koi kmi nhi rakhi sali kutiya ne , apne baap se sadi karke mulaa paida kiya sali ne , is se acha to jahar kha kar mar jati sali kutiya

Kareena u r too down earth Salute to u

Why song&#39;s have been muted.

main is ko pehchan nahi pa raha baita..

pink frok wali

is show mein aik masoom se larki bhi aai howi hai

Kareena looking soo adorable

Sushant

O bhaaai maro mujhe maro

Ye sach hai

i feel in this program some somall party will feel bad

Kareena kamzori karaee ge

Nyc

Stupid comedy

हमें खूबसूरत नहीं लगती है करीना लेकिन शब्दों को तो

.

Corona kapoor

Plz god sushant Singh ko insaaf dilao plz boycutt Bollywood aliya sonam karan johar Salmaan Khan boycutt

OK thanks

boycott star kids, justice for shushnt

Kisi rani se kam nahi he karina

Karina ne 1 budhe se sadi kyu ki

Looking so beautiful Kareena love from Pakistan 🇵🇰

Great show love from Pakistan 🇵🇰

Justice for sushant

Kareena is enough now...irrfaan khan is also with average looks but she praised him but sushant ko kitna dabaya y? Kareena its cos sushant was so sypremely talented na..if he raises up then all ur fam will go down

Kareena will accept an outsider as comedian but not as an hero..sushant was very talented but she didnt like os support him..if babita can like kapil comedy y cant sara be friend of sushant..

<a href="">#justiceforsushant</a>

kitni cute hai KKK  thnk you for uploading this episode

Kareen kapoor khan 

I love you sujata sarkar

siddhu gaandu saala

Koi shak nahi ki ladki pure kapdo aur jayada achi lagti hai

Colors regrets doing bad with kapil

Faltu actors ka uploade mat karu#<a href="">#colors</a>

Kapil bhai so nic i love you

Gane ki awaj nhi aati

Ye buaako buar karo taim krab karti he

Nabab nabab kya laga rakha hai

<a href="">8:1:20</a>20

Please Salman Khan ko phone kariye bahut jyada paise aur help Mil Jayenge Har Mahina Salman Khan se phone karke Salman Khan se Mulakat Kariye Jackie Mumbai mein beshak Kumar Jyada Paisa usko sab Kuchh kharcha Dene Ka taiyar Ho Jaati Hai

Nice show

Is maderjat k voice m Konsa copyright hota or k bi to h lode

Ye baar baar kapil ka gaana kyu mute kar dete hain

Bechare Imran KO ignore Kiya ,,face se pta chal rha usk

Kareena g ki lipstick ka colour bohat acha hota hai

Yeh show dekhne ke liye aane wwale darsako ticket leke aatein hai ya aisehi aate hai mai janna chahata hu

My favourite Kareena

Latest Kapil comedy

Dikhane Ki Tadika  

Hai / i 

Coach Tha Kya 

Vivo Ki Puraskar - Agent Vinot NE ki 

Hum bhi Yahi Hain 

Mera Car Ki security Ke liye - Govt. Ne - Rafael manga Hain to 

Gore Gore Pani Supliment bhi khilati Hain bolo 

My favourite comedy King is Kapil Sharma



Aisi Najarse Mera  Nawab Ke Dil ko Pakada 

Settilite Repairing Ki Sochta hoon = Canada Ki Range se to - Cricket Bawling Jese Samajta hoon 

Lathe Machine / Late Ly MA Chini 

Kolkutta = ?Chappu Chappu 

Mujhe to Dekhne ka Ijajat diya to 

1 Pagala Ke Role Kami Laga Ki nahi 

Lekin, Aaj hi Pata Chala na I m joking Yaars 

To mat Batao tum 

Baki to soro - Khud Ki - Baap bhi unko bhadosa - Hamara Upar sor kar Bidesh Gaya 

Aaj kal - Kawa - Bahut popular Hogaye Ki nahi 

Video Ki Pixel - Kitnein ?

Naya nahi 

चन्द रुपयों में बिकने वाले दल्ले और xxxiii कहलाते हैं

Bhut hota h aap mano ya n mano hamne kai bar dekha h

I have girlfriend

khoobsurati ka raaz hai makeup 

I dont like kareena

Iss murakh ko rajya sabha main jana hai..  Nihaiti bewakoof aurat

Kareena bhuddi ho gye haiiiii aab

horrible product of nepotism is kareena kapoor. Blowing one&#39;s own trumpet and bad mouthing others and doing overacting in movies aka pukeworthy acting are the only things she&#39;s best at.Talentless arrogant kareena kapoor OOPS grandaughter of thankless infedile Raj kapoor she is.

Nice

i dont like now any of these star kids...i just want justice in SSR  case

Ye to purana show hai

Yes spirits are there.

The first foreigner Reaction video i found on &quot;Kapil sharma with Baba Ramdev&quot;., Don&#39;t miss it friends! It&#39;s so funny  <a href="">

Haaaaaaaa

ye desh ke liye bahut kuchh kar rhi hai jaise is desh ko doosra taimoor de rahi hai

Kareena ️️️

बाप बना के दिखा दे मैथिलि देखा कहाँ है कुछ

Mast show hai best kapil sharma show Best

Nice comedy

Kareena kapor looking so beautiful.

Gyg&amp;yyyygggggggH7hhhhhhhhhhvhvccv

Kapil is the best comedian

<a href="">19:14</a> to <a href="">19:28</a>

Ye bahut badi pagal hi kareena kapoor bete ka naam temur rakha hi isko ye bhi nahi pata temur kitna bada lutera tha... 

Nice

Is Siddhu paaji back in the show?

Karina looks pretty..

Sb log to bhut bol rhe the boycott kro sbko aor yha tareef ki ja rhi hai kya baat hai

Sir dunya me bhut nhi hen  jin hen

 tiktok video comedy 2020

tiktok video



Bahanchod colours wale mute q krte h

My favourite ️ Actres Kreena kapoor.only one kareea great actor.

haaaaaaaaaiii haaaaaaiiiii kareena......... kya chammak challo ho yaar

Sahid ne bhut pela hai sali ko

Sali budhe me kya dhekaTicket nhi milegi kutiya kutiya tujhePta hai kyoKisne hero bnaya kutre koSide ali koDlali ne

The jokes about middle gender was not funny kapil

dude, its not cool he is straight away promoting white skin tone over being brown thats so not good. still in india people judge individual&#39;s beauty by his color and intelligence by his english  thats have to change

Lovely ️



still wana watch Imran khan on screen love his movies



Ye bhi chutiya hai bhoot hote hai gadhe.

Karina kapoor looking is beautiful.. Love u mam

तू आदाब ही करना ,तूने पैसों के लिए शादी की है

कपिल तू सलमान का चमचा है और उसी के कहने पर तु शाहिद अफरीदी के NGO को प्रमोट करने गया था

Saif u lucky dog.

Kareena kapoor so beautiful 

Boycott all nepotism actor and actress.

kareena looks so beautiful

boyycott karne ko kahte ho aur in sab ke show bhi dekhte ho band karo in gaddaro ko dekhna

Ajkal Imran Khan k koi new filme q nhi aa rahi?? Koi bataye keya huwa Hain unko...??

<a href="">

Kapil shirma his very bed parson

खुद का इलाज खुद करेइस मैसेज में 25 बीमारी का इलाज है <a href="">कान दर्द का गरेलु उपचार<a href=""> टमाटर के फायदे और उसके लाभ<a href="">गंजा पन दूर करने का जबर जस्त देशी नुस्खा<a href=""> कफ और बुखार के लिए गरेलु नुस्खा<a href="">गेस और एसिडिटी के लिए गरेलु नुस्खा<a href="">आपको अगर नशे की लत है पान बीड़ी सिगरेट खैनी नशा छोड़ने का गरेलु नुस्खा <a href="">नीम की छाल से बुखार भगाये<a href="">बहोत अछि जानकारी है दोस्तो इतने फास्ट जीवन की भागदौड़ में बदन को कैसे संभाले स्वस्थ कैसे रहे<a href="">पायरिया यानी दांतो में दर्द होना खून आना इस गरेलु नुस्खे से 10 दिन में जड से खतम करे और दांत मोती की तरह चमकाये<a href="">एसिडिटी को खतम करे वो भी 5 मिनिट में<a href="">कैसी भी हाई बीपी ब्लडप्रेशर हो करो ठीक गरेलु इलाज से<a href="">अगर बच्चे नींद में बिस्तर पे पेशाब करे तो क्या करे....?<a href="">दुबलापन और कमजोरी के लिए एक जबर जस्त नुस्खा बहोत कारगर है<a href=""> सिर दर्द और आधुसी में तुरंत आराम पावो सिर दर्द को कहो बाय बाय<a href="">दिल की कमज़ोरी के लिए गरेलु उपचार<a href="">पेट दर्द के लिए (abdominal pain) को तुरंत ठीक करनेका रामबाण इलाज<a href="">कैसी भी खांसी हो चुटकियो में बंध होजाएगी<a href="">जोड़ो का दर्द अब होगा छूमंतर<a href="">सफेद बालों को बिना डाई किये काले करने का जबर जस्त देशी नुस्का<a href="">बारिश के मौसम में वायरल बुखार जुखाम खांसी बलगम पूरे बदन का दुखना गरेलु नुस्खे से जादुई असर<a href="">पथरी( स्टोन) के लिए 12 गरेलु उपचार<a href="">दिनभर की थकान चुटकियो में होगी दूर<a href="">याद शक्ति बढ़ाने का एकदम आसान तरीका<a href="">वजन बढ़ाने के लिए आसान 3 गरेलु उपचारदुबलापतला सुकलकडी भी बन जाये गा पहेलवान<a href="">वजन कम करने के लिए करो ये गरेलु 4 उपचार ये मेसेज को आपके सभी ग्रूपमे सेंड करे आपके एक मैसेज किसी  किसी एक इंसान के भी काम आ गया तो आपको उसकी दुवाएं (पूण्य) मिलेगीये मेसेज डिलीट करने से पहले कम से कम 3 लोगो को भेजोसमजो किसीको एक नुस्खा भी काम आ गया तो उसका जश आपको मिलेगादेशी इलाज अपनावोअपनो को फिजूल खर्ची से बचावो देशी इलाज चेनल से जुड़ने के लिये नीचे वाली लिंक दबाये<a href="">और गंटी जरूर दबायेताके है हर एक वीडियो का नोटिफिकेशन आपको मिलेजय हिंद 🇮🇳 🇮🇳 🇮🇳 🇮🇳 🇮🇳🇮🇳

गाने की आवाज नहीं होने के कारण यह एपिसोड अच्छा नहीं लगा।

Koi hindu nhi mila shadi karne ke liye

Very cute look

Kareena is so beautifulShe&#39;s gem &quot;kohinoor&quot;

Sabse faltu heroine Kareena Kapoor

Karrina ko katuooo ka pasnd h...

Itni bhaw mt do ise ... Movies me kbhi acting to kri ni bus overacting ki dukaan hai... Tede muh se bat krti hai

Kareena ️️

She is sooooo preety Love u kareena ..anyone can fall in love with her..

Kareena kapoor 

Noh kheren k noh noh noh..yes yes yes rani m.yes yes sushant



Kareena kapoor nahi kareena khan bolo bhai samjhe kya

Gaane ke bol to likh likh dete. Copy  right to nahi hota... Likhne se??????

Best comedy darma

Woow

Niceee sayari...

Only ertugrul No Bollywood no Hollywood

Kareena is looking beautiful gorgeous 

<a href=""> picture of India of 2020

Ye sound kyun mute kr dete he

इस चीनी से बनी खीर के कारण ही श्राद्ध मे पक्षी मर रहे हैं---जब अक्ल न हो तो फिर ऐसे एपिसोड क्यों बनाते हो कपिल भाई ?

Mashallah bhot khubsorat ho mam

Its very nice show. God bless you kapil sir. Lekin desh ke politicians aur MP ko bhi itna time jata hai kya ki WO janta ke sare kam krne ke baad show me judge bankar baithe.

कपिल भाई डांस के टाइम आप साउंड क्यों बंद कर देते हैं आप डांस करते हैं या कोई हीरो हीरोइन डांस करते हैं तो आप साउंड क्यों बंद कर देते हैं देखने वाले फिर बोर हो जाते हैं कुछ मजा नहीं आता है

Disha Patani &amp; Neha kakkadदिशा पटानी और नेहा कक्कण <a href=""> subscribe this channel

Imran khan

What

Hiii

Why this Sidhu again,waste personality

Yar song mute karke Maja kharab kar diya

<a href="">

Kapil Sharma show kahan pe hai

Why are the scenes muted on your own page/channel ?? We miss the good bits. Its so annoying

I Love You K ۔۔۔۔۔۔

Kapil Sharma bhoot hote Hain

Justice for susant boycott all nepotist actor

है  दोस्तों PUBG बूम बाम फाइट देखने के लिए मेरी YOUTUBE चैनल को सब्स्क्राइब करे (सपोट करे)  इस लिंक पर किलिक करे <a href="">

भूत-प्रेत कूछ नही होते.

Kapil ko badal diya zaldi naa

Gobind ke saath sri devi thii

No fun keeping the audio silent . You have to find a solution  and resolve the issue .

Behoshi mein nahin karna

Being Rajesh shahu Bathinda mein aaj principal hai Jo mere Teacher they

Imran is cool

Kareena♡︎♡︎︎︎︎♡︎♡︎︎︎︎★♔︎︎( ˘ ³˘)︎♡´･ᴗ･`♡

Derest, believe in One God not three.  Did you ever think,  if there is a son of God,  why not His grandson? Read the Holy Quran. Remember hate cannot drive out hate only love can do that. So, love for all human beings.

Dnt mute songs

Kareena aur alia bhat bahut sweet and cute hai log

Mental fan of kareena

Karina superb beautiful but shadi me galati kar gay

Mja

<a href="">

RIGHT

Hote hai

Pooooooo

Audio mute karke pura Maja kirkira Kar diya

Seeing this show I feel relax stress will be gone after seeing this show

Chandan sir superb acting

Hit mama flop bhanja

बीच-बीच में आवाज काहा चली जाती है

Due to mute songs i dislike it

we want JUSTICE for SUSHANT SINGH RAJPUT

I give her zero vote...due to them outsiders can&#39;t get enter inside mostly hate them .wanna eager to see outside multi talent like sushant ok.

Kareena kapoor plz date with second hand husband....boycott her movie

Laagtahe saab Sushant ko bhul gaye 

Super

Kareena kapoor khan is so pretty and a nice person

Hay

Kapil great comedian hai lekin dusre sathiyo se jalta hai uske chehre se pta chalta hai

abnormal khan hai iss main... amir khan ka luchcha hai... bachcha hai... sikka bas ab nahi chal raha.... does that Amirkhan muslim, launch any hindu guy/girl.... he is also luchcha... inko bitao kone main... hindistan main...

Only here for palak

Kapil ne  kon  sa  gana  gaya  ho  ga  comnte or ke  btaye

Sidhu fuddhu lgta h show mein

Abe haraamiyo ye gaane par audio kyu band kar dete ho

Nice

Kareena kapoor favorite actress

Yaar ye mute kya bakwas hai. Mat kiya kro

I am big fan of Karina ji

I love this show 

Are bhai song aaye tab mute kyu karte ho

Kapil fokotia salla

Sach Mein Hamere creator nay libaas ko insano k lye ek nemat banaya hai....Take kapde pehn kr insan aur janwer mein farq hosakhe.....Full dress pehn k sach mein insan lgti hoKareena Nhi to wehshi janwer lgti hoBina kapdon k.....

<a href=""> aisa kyu karte ho bhai??????



Make a playlist for this show so that it&#39;s easy to go through the episodes.

Nc what is copyright in that bakk ab ni dekhunga unsubscring

This is real comedy 

Kareena beautiful

Kapil ji gane ko mutes mat karo maza kharab hota hai

Hii

Nepotism Detector Machine has detected two nepo-kids in this show: Kareena Kapoor 100% nepo-kidImran Khan 80% nepo-kid

Sach me Kareena Ma&#39;am bahut bahut bahut hi jyada beautiful lag rahi hai.....

Karinaa....so simplicity and sweetness are loaded

Karina Bahut a66i lag rahi h
