Ayushmann is just so amazing , I remember back in 2014 , I was the only girl among all the girls in my group who was extremely obsessed with this guy, they used to ask me why I liked him so much , I just said because he had everything in himself , and now they have joined my fan club as well , so it’s not only ayushmanns success but it’s also the dream of some people like me who believed in their choices

<a href="">1:37</a>

Nowadays if you are loyal to your partner and successful or content in your personal and professional life people are jealous.people around you want your attention if you do not give that or do not compromise your loyalty they are so jealous.

I just love this man 

Happiness family to sirji

A new poll for a poll, <a href="">

Wow. He gave such a honest answer regarding attraction to other woman. Massive respect for this guy. I could&#39;ve never said that

Tahira is the most luckiest girl ️

He beyond excellence cant get my eyes off him he so so amazing jst obsessed with him️️️️
His sharayarii
Now I am praying that all the existing actors should live 100 years with best life. Be it nepo kids, self made stars! no one should get abetted anymore

Very very nice ayushmann ji ?????????????????????
Such a real person 

<a href="">1:50</a> <a href="">4:05</a>

That's all, this reporter is feeling a little sweet.
He looks so cute while laughing 

Come on haveli sometime... 
Such a talented one!

This man is so talented

man i love him so much &lt;3
Host was wonderful to question for the answers to give by ayushman

Tahira is so lucky️
Only people with pure heart can smile like so beautifully I&#39;m in love with your poems man

Ayushman is good actor

Such an overrated actor!!!

Ayushmann won both best male debut and best male playback singer the same year 

Wat crap how can anyone ask if u cheated on ur wife ‍️‍️‍️‍️ and even having the stupidity to say no way  Ayushmann handled him well
He&#39;s a Gem 

Interviewer is a disrespectful ass

The host is so irritating... Asking the stupidest questions

Not a surprise that thahira recovered soon with this wonderful man

Cheerful manLoveu 🇱🇰🇱🇰🇱🇰
I used to change my favourite hero every month ,but one day  Ayushmann khurrana came 

His smile is️
He actually looks like 25years old, who will say that he&#39;s 35.

Filmfare you did not get an anchor in 1.2 billion population..? Ye koun hai yaar...

Omg! That question was not just inappropriate but also stupid. Do you expect someone to say ,yes I have cheated on my wife? And secondly, will you ever ask a  question like this to SRK or Akshay ?

Ayushmann we share the same birthdate

He is mind-blowing

Does anyone know how to get the name initialed on that guitar?

One like for poem
Soooo...funny interview. Aayushmann is the best ever actor. No one can take his place, whether it is singing or acting. What a great poem. I m his biggest fan... What a cute expression on getting the guitar. 

He bothers for film when she was fighting with life shame

Ayusman
I loveeeeeeee Ayushmann Khurrana.. He is sooo cuteeee...

Oh my god I just fell in love with ur smile... only few can smile like dis.. complete smile... smile from d heart..

U r smile can kill anyone, so cuteee, cuter than taimur ya

Aayushaman ️
Oh my god , u are really amazing, I am huge fan of yours. Love you ayushman.

Ayushmann Khuranna: Delightful, charismatic, multi-talented, charming and having the best set of teeth!

Luv u mahn....
Aayushman 
I love Ayushmann

Superb singer and Ayushmann you are an amazing person

He Is the best 
Then only interview I watched, bcoz of Ayushmann He is so versatile and original

My birthday is also on 14th September

ayushman a total fake slept with his manager

I just love this man.

Man I absolutely love his voice

The interviewer was tryna seem cool and modern by asking questions on his relationship but wtf ‘Have you cheated on your wife’

Someone needs to slap the interviewer for that cheating question

Where we can get the full videos?

This interviewer is such a dipshit tf

Multitalented person...

I love u AyushmannU are the best

Very nice

He much more looks like my hindi teacher.
love this guy since his vj days,  He was hilarious back then too, now has grown to be such a talented actor n most importantly a beautiful human being. Ppl like Sanjay dutt abandoned their wives in cancer n got a biopic, but this guy is rock solid with his wife but got the deserved fame much much later. May be that&#39;s how Karan sixer johar&#39;s network works,  promote arjun saandh kapoor as the next big thing,  sideline ppl like ayushman n rajkumar rao

Ayushmann is the complete package.... just love his voice... ️

He is a good human being and a good singer. 

JJo

Vry humble guy so mch talented n self made.nice combination of talent and hard work .jst luv this guy n his film choices

AYUSHMAN IS BEST AND SO INSPIRING 
Insisting that a husband and a father cheated on his wife, so casually on camera. Disgusting, Jitesh. What&#39;s wrong with you guys at @filmfare? If someone did this to my partner, I&#39;d slap the interviewer in his office. This industry is so disgusting. Karan Johar laughing when ranveer said to anushka &quot;do you want your ass pinched&quot;, Jitesh laughing that Ayushmann cheated. Do you have any idea how nauseating it is for the children? For the wife?

&quot;Why does this man feel like this?&quot;
his reaction after realising its a guitar 

The host sounds like a chambu. I expected some maturity. Also how can the host openly ask whether Ayushmann cheated on his wife right after asking how did his wife cope with breast cancer. Such a bummer!!

I think he chose the right roles. There is nothing special about his acting

He is so awesome

I would have been super mad if anyone let alone a journalist asked me if i have ever cheated on my wife. Excuse me what kind of a question is that? Cheating is not something you just mention so lightly specially if someone is married. And what kind of answer do you expect when asking Ayushmann this? Please ask proper intellectual questions that will actually educate or give new perspective to viewers. Stop making journalism a joke! Good Vibes!!

I love ayushmannnnnnn 
Anchor&#39;s way of asking the question is very nice.

Interviewer’s voice sounds like he is acting like a kid!!!! Is it only me who feels it looks immature and irritating?! The way he sits seem u comfortable too!

I am in love with ayushmann

Most positive person on bollywood

Loved d guitar he was so happy seeing it

I seriously think this interviewer is crazy and creepy

I freaking love him

Jjo acts lyk kjo

He z a charmer
PLS PLS PLSSS CHANGE THE INTERVIEWER!! Ufffff just listen what and how he is asking questions

14 September Is my birthday also ... HAPPY found a star who Is having 14 sept as birthday

He is a Virgo too  mine is on September 11th.. now I know why I have big crush on him 

How can he ask such moronic questions that if he has cheated on his wife even after knowing the fact that she is fighting for cancer and they have been together with each other loyally for 20 years and when Ayushman says no then that asshole is forcing him to accept it as if it&#39;s something to be proud of as a successful star!Matlab 100 crores kama li, star bann gaye and you&#39;ve got the license to sleep with other women despite being married apparently.What an idiot anchor! Is Filmfare really running out of people that they have to hire this stupid person as a host/anchor???

This feminine editor trying to destroy his family life. Ass hole

Omg... man... too much talent...
What a horrible question to ask if he’s cheated in the last 10 years.

Jitesh Pillai, cheating is not a joke. Especially not a joke to make after asking him about Tahira’s cancer. Not every married man in the industry is a cheater. You are crazy!

Multitalented guy...big fan

The fuck was that?! Cheated on your wife? You do know she&#39;s undergoing cancer treatments right? Why asking this question to him specifically?

He is trying to ignore what he is going trough What a Great Husband  he is.  That song was my favorite part of this interview

How honest is he....

I love this man 

He is very talented 

I love Ayushmann jacket.
He is great actor .He is so humble nd down to the earth

Omg his poem

The poem ️️️️
wow...he is such a gem..

Why is the host talking like SAROJ KHAN?

karan johar part 2..
Lovely poem ayushmann... U r blessed wid extra talents... Keep it up... Lots of luv...

Wait......Is this coffee with karan?

Hilarious video!!!
Isn&#39;t he looking soo hot???

Ayushmann is sooooo soo cute

Jitesh pillai, the interviewer, was a disgrace here. Very distasteful the way he went on about &#39; I don&#39;t believe you haven&#39;t cheated on your wife&#39;, &#39; you are lying&#39;, &#39; committed ho ke bhi cheat kar sakte hai&#39;. Ayushmann had already answered his question but that pervert goes on and  on. That too right after asking Ayushmann about his wife&#39;s cancer. What the hell was jitesh trying to prove? That it&#39;s cool to cheat on your partner???I very strongly object to this line of questioningng and would like someone at Filmfare to tell him off. For God&#39;s sake he is the fucking editor of the magazine. And he has definitely not represented the brand well. Is this the standard and example jitesh sets for the magazine?? Absolutely disrespectful! Very cheap and distasteful for us viewers. Please someone pull him up for this! Thanks!!

he look so bad

Ayushmaan...️️
His dimples are so cuteeeeee

Is he a gay???

Love you Ayushman .from Pakistan ️
Ayushmann is soooo amazing. Love him so muchhhh. His the best

Ur great ayushmann
we love u ayushman nd Allah bless ur wife....

So talented Ayushmann..

He is soooooo talented!!!! Amazinggg

I simply love this guy

His singing is amazing

The questions are so repetitive in each interview that I can answer on Ayushman&#39;s behalf.

Wow

He is amazing 
Best

he such a awesome guy

His voice 
That poem 

&quot;Have you cheated on your wife in the last 10 years?&quot; Are you kidding me? What kind of question is that to ask? Not mention RIGHT AFTER talking about her cancer diagnosis. I can&#39;t even describe how ridiculous and stupid  that was.

just love ayushmaan
His voice is superb bbb

I would love Ayushmann to make song on this beautiful poem.. Mukhote

I love you ayushman 
i love u ayushmann &lt;3
Interviewer is an idiot! Literally, why would you ask a married man if his cheated on his wife! 

Lovely poem... Insight full! Can neone share his Blog Link

you are my favorite Ayushman .. loved you in Badhai ho..

Is he a gay?? The host?

I like this anchor

i love you jojo... thanks for bringing ayushmann on this show...P.S. ayushmann your poem was really sweet and inspiring.

He is unbelievable marvellous tremendous actor truly full of talent am shocked his not given top movies with top actress his acting in andaduhn is so so amazing better than all these other new actors he deserves a national award

Ayushmann is very intelligent

For his singing 

Such a panzy character
Vijay is my crush too

He such a brilliant Singer
Funniest

One is called KJO and one is called JJO.
Bakwas admi 90% Indian jhoprion main rehta hain or yeah Bakwas admi break up parties pe singing kerna ke bat ker raha hai chotiya.

He so damn cute 
I love uhh so much sir
He is so cute and smile always

his dimples

How can we watch the full episodes???

He’s good but what has he done to his hair. ️

what nonsense questions! you asked him how he coped with his wife&#39;s cancer and the next question is if you cheated on her? rediculous !

&quot;Khichdi - The Movie&quot; ke &#39;Praful&#39; ke bete lagrahe hai Host.  Lol... XD

Why is he copying Karan Johar? Brother, why don't you think differently?
Aayushman is so talented ️

Ayushmann is love️ What a man

Very loving guy

This Pillai guy is  irritating , wannabe KJo.

Man that poem was brilliant.

Mutlitalented guy...

He is so honest
That cute expression of his when he realised that little gift was a guitar and then the song......

waiting for jaanhvi
Is this a man or a woman 
No matter how hard working you are awards will be taken by star kids and just be happy with jury awards.

That mukhaute part was awesome...

Love you

Mundan wala line.. is from Ranveer Singh.. which Akshay Kumar said.
How pathetic jhanvi speaks

The teaser told everything about Jhanvi's interview.
Is this anchor a chakka or what?

Plzz invite Dulqar Salmaan plzzzz
Plzzz invite Dulqar Salmaan plz
Ayushmann forgot Sushant Singh Rajput in the list of debutantes! He was his biggest competition!!!!!

Watching ayushman is best Christmas gift for me
He is so talented..He is the best ...

His expression watching the guiter 

<a href="">4:15</a> epic  mah fav

I love Ayushman for his talents and honesty towards his wife.

Loved the song nazm nazm ....️️️

Did ayushman call jitesh “j jo” ???
That poem !! ️️May you get all the success and happiness in the world AK !

Ayushmann is such a talented and nice person. So happy to see that he&#39;s finally getting the recognition that he has always deserved.

Tum yr ayushmann ko boring bna rhe ho....Fake ho gya ye to....Love u<a href="">#AK</a>
Again and again whi questions...Kuchh nya lao yr...
Change the host.hes horribly bad.yuckkkkk

This man is one in a million ! Bollywood is so lucky to have such a charming and Uber talented personality that remains unshaken by the perplexing vagaries of life. He is sure to attain more and more success.

<a href="">

Poem.. Wahhhhh

anyone else thought from thumbnail that anchor was tanmay bhatt

ANDHADHUN is a real Bollywood image. Such a great movie just wow....

Nazm nazm...waooo.... Beautiful song....
By god , host bada ch***ya aadmi h
I just  love  it

I just  love  it

one of the brilliant actor.... Complete package for superstar...I just ask one question for Aayushmaan that... HOW TO  CHOOSE YOUR MOVIE SCRIPT???? lots of love..... 

&quot;Have you cheated on your wife in the last 10 years?&quot; Did he seriously asking this question??! Ayushmann answered it well, but I don&#39;t think this question was appropriate to ask a married man. Especially after mentioning her and their relationship and then you ask this?

Muaahhh Ayushmann...you are amazing...

Honestly came back because of interviewer! He is so fun and happy face. Keep it up

I never had a mansion... Lol
This jijo kijo is another gay or what??? What a horrible personality.

Every word of that poem is so true

Acting , singing both just wonderful 

Just waiting for Rowdy Vijay to come....and definitely he&#39;ll take your interview 

Brave man...

His poem is deep.... loved it.

Who the fuck is this baby face gay man? I mean how did get this show.

<a href=""> song is sung by mePlease like, comment, share and don’t forget to SUBSCRIBE the channel 

M waiting to c u  sir wid big bxzeted film...

The moment he starts singing Nazm Nazm One word : WOW! ️

Jitesh ur such an over actor jus stôp being cute ur not so plzz interview people by less over acting nd stop behaving like small girls

Good person ...

Most promising actor in bollywood..luv u Ayushman

He is a gem..... He is a gem...

One of the best.. Hard work honest telentet.. 

Why does the interviewer sound like a teenager? He’s a pain to watch.

Brutally Edited Interview!!!

The host is really irritating

multitalented man .hard to believe he has two kids out there -_-

Great human being
Ayushmann I sincerely hope this personality of yours doesn&#39;t change after million of hits u are about to produce . Cause I love u for being u

one man army Ayushmann
Karan Johar&#39;s sibling
This band is a gem
Shazada field 
Awesome

Being Gay is must to get jobs in Bollywood ?

This man is gonna go so long in bollywood..this industry needs some new refreshing talent like him,rajkumar rao,vicky kaushal, sushant.. all the best ayushmaan

Eye band is the ocean of talent 
Ayushmann is just so amazing , I remember back in 2014 , I was the only girl among all the girls in my group who was extremely obsessed with this guy, they used to ask me why I liked him so much , I just said because he had everything in himself , and now they have joined my fan club as well , so it’s not only ayushmanns success but it’s also the dream of some people like me who believed in their choices

I am in love with  ayushman even though he is maried please make more movie to watch you

Please invite comedian singer hoster  Kapil Sharma

Janhavi can&#39;t say anyyything..goshhh... She is soo boring

nice interview , refresh my mind after done my midterm exams. his song love all over Pakistan. May Allah bless you all. Ameen

The &quot;come&quot; joke 

I just love you man!

Janhvi is fuckin irritating. Invite Sara please.

Awesome man ayushman is
Talented band 
ayushmann is really talented !

This man is so talented 

Awesome . Love your voice  and poem Ayshumann sir

1000th view
He married his high school sweetheart What else do u need in Ur life Such a lucky girl she is. He loves her since childhood.

Vijay Devarakonda
I love u ️️️
This man succeeds and Aamir srk and Salman fail...zero flop thugs flop and race biggest flop

101 view

1st view,
