What a heartbreaking end

Wow its a very good news for me,

Good news.. He is a playboy..

great news!!!

It&#39;s very Good news............. Katrina kaif is the best wife for Ranbir Kapoor

adorable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Im from philippines but i love alia bhatt in im sad of all the news about alia althou i dont know watz d real happening ....Gbu all

I am also waiting for her break-up

It is bad news..

Ye to hona hi tha

PLEASE INDIAN LOG DO NOT PLEASE DO NOT WATCH ALIA BHUTT OR ANY OF HIS FAMILY MAKE OR ACTFILM , THEY ARE BULLIY BITCHES AND THINK THEY ARE THE ONLY PEOPLE IN BOLLYWOOD , BUT THEY WANTS INDIAN PEOPLES TO WATCH THEIR FILM MAKE THEM MORE RICH, THEY ARE THE KILLER OF SUSHANT SINGH AND MANY OTHER THEY ARE BOLLYWOOD MAFIA ALERT DONT WATCH THEIR FILMS ANY MORE

ALIA BHUTT AND RANBIR KAPOOR IS A BAD BAD BAD CHOICE FOR EACH OTHER , BECAUSE THEY BOTH ARE CHEATERS AND IF CHEATERS GET MARRY IT ONLY LONG LAST FEW YEAR, YES THEY ACTING LIKE TO PROMOTE THEIR UPCOMING FILM, AND THOSE FILM ESPECIALLY ALIA BHUT FILM WOULD BE TOTALLY FALOP ON BOX OFFICE , YOU KNOW WHY?

Hona de esko kuwari honeda
Alia is not fit for kapoor family. We know very well about. Nitu singh is very good lady whereas alia not suitable for . Nitu singh

Of ranbir doesnt leave Alia bhatt... she drug n kill him like rhea

Fuckoff we don’t cAre you and don’t watch your movies. You guys are cheapest personalities

I don&#39;t want to see her again in Bollywood

I really hate Alia

Its better to separate Ranbir and Alia

gud for you

According to me, it is a good news.          Just waiting for their                  breakup

Well mummy neetu ne kiya khandaan chuna for son. Ghutia
Come -on grow up someone aging 38 years old &quot;Ranbir Kappor&quot; national news. My dad got married at the age of 22 years old, i was born when he was 23 years old. Now i am 19 years old. Please grow-up &quot;Ranbir Kappor&quot; stop acting like kids.His grandfather Raj Kapoor got married on their 20&#39;s.

They are maintaining distance due to social distancing. Just joking

,GET HER OUT OF YOUR LIFE OR YOU JUST MIGHT BE AS SUSHANT SINGH RAJPUT, FOCUS ON THE THINGS THAT HAVE COME UP FROM SUSHANT DEATH, BE CAREFUL YOUNG MAN.

Worst thing they will do, both are losers!

Both r waste.... both r nepotism product

Who cares the hell. Let them all rot

Waiting for Alia  break-up

Marriage is off soon

How did ranbeer choose her as a life partner??!!! She is totally dumb and sometimes looks mental .Katrina was the best choice for him

I hate dramatic Aliya , totally wrong choice of ranbeer

Apologise, bitch.
Good news.



Both are not Compatible ! “ He thinks he is too good for any girl !!  besides those two are hot tempered ! . Ie if marriage takes place they will still divorce ! ️

Hell with them

People avoid the Bhutt family at all cost ,One may be murdered or molested by Mahesh butt

Nor Rhea familiar but the Butt familyNo family values.  Everyone is sleeping around in the streets of Bombay

Ranbir run run run far from the Bhatt family

RANBIR WATCH OUT YOU MIGHT REACH THE SAME FATE AS Sushant rajput in the VICARIOUS  BHATT FAMILY

I hate ilia sucking
Ranbir deserves better......NOT this arrogant , self-centered brat !!!!  You should have married Deepika . She was the best for you.  Oh well, Ranveer is now the lucky one...and I must say, they seem awesome together.  You are my all-time  favourite so ,of course, I wanted the best for your happiness. Please don’t marry Alia  She is devious and knows too well how to get what she wants. Please don’t fall prey to this terrible woman.  You are very special!!!!   

I am very excited

Why are people saying Alia deserves better Alia doesn&#39;t deserve better because she bullied SSR and mocked him as well

Waiting for Ranlia breakup and both ban from Bollywood. Nepotism murdabaat

This love made in China

me to

It&#39;s not a sad news it&#39;s a good news 

I am also waiting for their break up only 

Who is going to watch there movie&#39;s better they get married.

They are maintaining social distancing, obeying the CDC Covid 19 protocols

Flopping shamshera

Flop bramhastra

I hate Alia. Thuy thuy
Boycott  Alia Bhat. Her dad is also involved on Sushant Singh Rajput murder. Whole family is bad. Shame on her..

It is really a good news... Jaa Tere  abh koi movie b nai dhekhe ga jaa koi aur kamm kr la bekharan

It&#39;s very funny  

Not interested 
Waiting for Ranbiv Kapoor to dum Alia Bhatt that will be the best thing he can do she is not the right girl for him or the Kapoor family.

Your comment is not good, if the boy left a girl then you are calling it dumping, when alia left someone then you are telling it cheat. Why?

Bollywood 
How is watching this video after SSR suicide nd alia trolling by public

Alia
You tell verry lie

Not adorable the most borable couple of Btown...ek bachi too ek papa.... Nd I think thr are keeping distance due to corona virus Baki nautanki too purra saal kiya ab corona se Kon nai durta 

Alia is also doing Kanjri, both of them are doing Kanjri Kanjar and then news is coming that Karan has passed away because Alia is interested in Ranbir.
feeling really happy for ranbir .he deservs way better than that shit alia

Who is Alai not interested to watch her movies

Hate alia..oh..who is alia ..

My intution ,not suitsble.Good .start a new life

Both are not in my mind, irritating people,  both are maybe  same  character who knows,?

Pagal makes tabut kapur
Obviously who can marry a murderer&#39;s daughter

I don&#39;t want them to break up

Alia and Ranbir breakup!!!!!!!!!Bale Bale O Sawa Sawa !!!!!!!!

Waiting for their break-up

Please guys don&#39;t boycott this film and ranlia

They are maintaining distance bcoz both of them are afraid of the corona virus!

Waiting for the breakup

Not bad news good news

Nice he left her congrats

It is the happiest news for me that this alia and his soo called cheater boyfriend has parted away it  is not a bad news...

This ranbeer kills Aaliya.
For us it&#39;s a good news for us. Should pay the price for killing decent guy it&#39;s a punishment for her father and for her. I&#39;m happy to hear that.

Now I can sleep peacefully...
Both are miserably useless human beings hope they break up and get what they deserve . Ranbir for being a cheap womanizer and alia for her nepotism and bitchiness against sushant singh.

Please tell them Break up fast

Good news of the year 

It&#39;s all nothing new for film industries pairs....It&#39;s all artificial relationships.... for media....It lacks depth of real relationship....as it is very obvious from their body language in the above clip...It won&#39;t last long, sadly.....

He is mama&#39;s boy.

She is finished after Sushants demise and her stupid comment about him.

Actually, that&#39;s not the proper match Ranbir would be in loss n according to the current situation going out for her father wud also somewhere spoil the Old KAPOOR&#39;S reputation. But in this industry, everything is possible n rest it&#39;s up to them. JAI HIND

Due to corona they maintaining distance 

They are not adorable

Bollywood drama is so much better than Hollywood drama

Too much concerns aieeee.... no ones perfect....remember that...everyone have their own flaws...just get on with it...sheesh...accepting each others positives and negatives is important in any stage of relationship...chemistry itseems‍️... ask your own parents whether they had chemistry throughout their life... please dont spread negativity around...accept each others weakness and move on...

Very goooooooooood news
That&#39;s what alie baht gets

Is ranbir kaboor death
i dont think they are in love with each other it is justa status quo,,they should not ruin each other&#39;s life

It seems not bad news at all it&#39;s a good news

Any movie Mt dkho JB movie flop hogii woh log breakup krlingye 
You tube management stop posting wrong news all nonsense you’ll post this one died that one died Aishwarya is critical Abhishek is critical read today’s Times you’ll know Aishwarya ndaughter r back at home now no one is interested in you tube

Wow ranveer Kapoor ke layak nhi h Aliya very good news

Iam happy bcz i dnt like Alia,,, for me good news
Good news She’s soo irritating She would of made his life he’ll She’s too bossy and big headed

Keeping social distance Go Corona go

I love them..

This man....ranbir was never with his family ....even on demise of rishi kapoor ...why these dumb girls r trusting him often .....he is actually unstoppable...

I hate both of them,Alia is  nonsense,due to less education,n also for her worthless comment that she wants to kill Sushant,in coffee with karan,n rabir is a playboy,who doesn&#39;t know how to value love,Shameless couple,i know that Alia bhatt father Mahesh bhatt is of zero character,but rabir father late rishi Kapoor was not like that..

<a href="">2:07</a> coronaaaa
In sabka natak to kv khatam hoga nai change karte raho, we just want justice for SSR...

I not like Aliya bath see no good

Very good news—-

I don’t like Alia , she Nepotism to sushandji,

This is not the first time that ranbir dated someone who was a hit in the industry and later dumped them when they were no longer relevant, to go after someone who is hit at the time. Same happened with Deepika Katrina and now it&#39;s Alia.

I like alia but doesn&#39;t mean I like her so much like she is my second favorite actress but she is my 7th favorite actress but I like shushant singh rajput

They don&#39;t love each other truly it&#39;s just that they feel money is important than true love  anyway it&#39;s good news

 veryyy good i am sooo happy
I wont comment on there marriage but ranbir is real blue blood from the kapoor clans n alia is from a bastard family plus even if ranbir does marry i request ranbir to buy a box of khujli powder for his bastard father in law

What do you mean by an adorable couple????? From which angle is this couple adorable, can anyone explain me. These two are over acting babies.....always showing over about their relationship. And we all know what kind of character ranbir has.....a playboy.

No inlogin film will be seen
Woow the greatest news  i have got today 

Alia is the hell like dumb nd talent less girl. So better for u is to leave her Ranbir

I want their break up as hell

Q why are they keeping distance Ans social distancing  

Acha hai , hindu se hi karni hai to varun se karlo , who agrees .

Waise shaadi hoti toh better hota, because yeh dono ek jaise hain. Selfish, cheater n proudy. Ranbir toh waise hi Casonova type bnda h. Ek jagah tik hi nhi sakta. Loyalty toh zeroooo percent hai ismein

Don&#39;t deserve any fame or any movie bcoz d reason s known now

My dear Ranbir Pls don&#39;t marry Alia Bhatt. She is now a third class actress.. Your father Rishi is a respectable man. Keep that in mind. Unlike Mahesh Bhatt.. Cheers 



It&#39;s a good news I hope they should get into I bid fight by the way who is alia bhatt? i don&#39;t know this girl

Im waitingn for them to breakup

This will also cut 
Simple is that she LL become flop actor in future so he LL leave

<a href="">2:05</a> social distancing paagal social distancing 
wowww their breakup will be a good news of 2020

There is no need to speak to Alia Bhatt, no one cares about her, she is an idiot
Aliya  is a wrong choice for Ranbir kapoor and the kapoor family. Pls wake up

I also had this strong feeling that their relationship is just a publicity stunt.

yea to our kutteee hai 
I am going to hell, another stranger's child
Both actors donot know acting. Netotism product. Bollywood movies are worst, plotless .

Don&#39;t believe to the reporter&#39;s....fake reporters

Ranbir is a good gay but this Aliya is from a footpath n mahesh bhutt kud ka beti ka saat sone waala budda

Thank u God is thr

Is this really a sad news?? Please do a proper homework before you put some news on youtube. Not just for the views. I’ve never noticed such an unmatching title for any news like this. Is this really a sad news?? Please stop fooling people around. Get some better news if they break up or had a fight. Wrost strategy to get the views 

l am waiting 
Thanks Ranbir.Definitely You will get grogious, good hearted, talented, life partner. Into your life.Hate Ali,

Well...who cares...they are together or breakup...frankly ney...

I feel ranvir is so aggressive. He cannot live with any woman. But come on ranvir. Pls marry  alia. Matching couple. We are just watching who will survive .

Who cares.... no interest.... salo maro ya jiyo.... who cares.... hate
Who want their breakup?

Agar ranbir ne alia se shadi ki to hum isake v life barbad kardenge

Better to part ways, than to regret later.  The reasons  we can fairly  guess.

I am also waiting for their breakup,dont like them

Ranbir leave Alia bhatt I dnt lyk her

Hope he dumps her
Adorable couples ...best comedy of this year .... DISGUSTING COUPLE ..LOOK AT THERE AGE DIFFERENT FIRST NEXT ETC ..ETC...

They should break up.. She n her family dont deserve simple n straight people like ranbeer, s

Same here
Who is alia?

I hope it&#39;s true n not to distract us... Boycott them kuttas

Ranbir do not marty her  u sill becum s laughing stock dry eill spot on it face .Your fathdr in law is having affairs with young girls and also was kidding hid oen daughter on the lips.OMG God help u gdt into s decent family .anyways I missed the bus ,Deepika was best for I biy u just used her and she went inyo depressionRemeber  what u sow so u reap  you will reap what u did yo her.Tjsnk God she is happily married now God bless her and the devil bless both of u cause u deserve it.

Their movies are doomed. Their marriage are doomed.

Good if they breakup. Alia will nvr b happy, she insulted shushant.

Alia didn&#39;t deserve boy like ranbir alia is a murderer

If Alia involved with Sushant Singh case then she could do the same to Ranbir Kapoor break up it&#39;s best for both of them......

She is not important shushant is important and his case

Ranbir dont marry her please

Good don&#39;t Marry her you could also be murdered

Alia cheated ranbir
Boycott Alia Bhatt cruela how she bullied Sushant Singh Rajput

Boycott Alia Bhatt shameless lady
Inka saddi inka divorce... or break up or pathch up .... god knows...

If Ranbir marry Alia, he is dumbbest person, because he will definately going down with her.  So Ranbir, do not marry her.  If you marry her, Your movies will be dumpped too.

Alia is very proud woman.without us she is nothing.what if we audience boycott her and kareena movies

Who cares huh .Over act chamchi umer chor choosni shakal my foot alia .

Tora var-mey jaaa 
Hope its true-since she shares the same dna I wonder whose boyfriend  she will be snatching at the age of 71

Plz plz plz!!!dont go for movie Bramahstra !!! Let it b a big big big flop....I hate hate hate Alia bhut....after sushant....
Ranveer marries Alia, she is character less and Rangeele father's daughter, don't know what flowers she will bloom in future. Even if he himself is a good person, Chanakya says that the children of those whose parents are not good are also bad. Here Mahesh Bhatt's father was angry, Mahesh Bhatt himself is also like this...what to say next.
Go to Hell

She is not fit for Ranbir. He should dump her.

Alia acting is a artificial not a naturality

Waiting for their break up I wish too soon 

Please don’t watch any of their movies. Why should they get paid.

Wese Deepika or Aliya bht ache dst h

These all miss match...is by karan johar. Vidya balance with her moti husband Sidarth. Miss Chuhiya with  Run birthday. I don&#39;t know what he get for that.

Deepika ka dil tora tha ranbir ny isliye toh wo depression py chli gai phir ranbir ko katrina mil gai r ab alia bhtt ali bhtt ko na toh bolny k pta h itna dmg hota toh usy aj boyfrnd na bnya hota Deepika always my favorite jo ranbir ny This beautiful life partner has given birth to my husband, Ranbir is not capable of any achi chz, he is the only one who has given birth to another person, so yes his wife is a falrit boy.
Some marriages are made in heaven or hell.

Love birds... My foot!!  Gatiya faltu aurath... Ranbir don&#39;t go to this bitch

Ranbhir get someone else...

If Ranvir Marry this girl his life will be  spoiled.  Avoid and maintain distance from this girl.

Boycott Bhansali
Run Ranbhir  run
Brahmastra's flop should not be made public
She is to bad

Waiting for there break up

Me too

remember Alia ur dad is not normal. think of ur dad nobody wl want to be son in law of ur dad

I hate alia bhatt and karan johar they r shit

Ranbir and alia look like elder brother n sister... Both cheapo... Adorable Kahan se be?

She is not fit for him  she is a snob and controlling  he does not shit in his life with the bhatt family his mother is a gem .

We support breakup here 

No more Alia batt forever is better

i am so happy for them because of her sushant sir commited suicide

Love ???????????????... Ohhh bhaiii someone please help me. If he loves then he lusts after someone. Whatever you say, friend, both of you have such a little heart that you too have to go to the tute... &quot;Alia is a girl who is the queen of the intellect, shouting at her is all the good things; Rabir is a boy who is ready to pounce on girls, especially those who make him forget his family.&quot; Inka heredity aadat h bechare to sab out products h genes ka.
It&#39;s a good news that  Rinbir has breakup with Randa daughter  Alia the donkey who is the over acting actress of Bollywood..... Break up with her if you don&#39;t want to loss your fame.... She&#39;s is good for nothing... Illiterate.....

What as snake face I am glad she is having problems I hate her

Ranbir don’t marry Alia

Mad kids.
Ranbir is an alpha Male, alpha males are never serious in relationships

Well Ranbir is one of the greatest playboy of this generation and alia huhh!!alia ke baare mein jitna kharab bolu utna kamm hai..well she is one of the biggest examples of nepotism...and pls this is not at all an adorable couple!!

I didn't want that but what he did to Sushant was wrong.
Bahat Achhchhaa huwaShe left honest and humble Siddharth Malhotra for playboy Ranbir KapoorI loved it Awesome    
Ranbir is an alcoholic....dont deserve there... Deserve more johnny walker...
Breakup with her ranbir don’t ruin your life

Both are.crazy

Gosh justice will be seen only if you help ranbir dump Alia , can&#39;t wait to see her in tears. That&#39;s gonna be my happiest moments

Well, marriage of these people also has meaning..Faltu, this is a cure for the rags, it is just a day of fun and enjoyment..There is no morality, no education..It is a cheap thing.
Come on in the morning
Stop showing this news

If Alia bhat marry ranbir kapoor then totally ban for kapoor family this is final

So happy Ranbir can get better
I hate both, specially ranbir because he cheated many girls, this thing is very common in him, he always like to taste new fruits, doesn&#39;t matter how old he is, this is for sure the relationship will break for sure, i think he wants to break salman Khan record

Its karma...trying to be happy and destroying others...you will never be happy this way...

I am so happy that Randhir  dump Alia

Allia should be married like Johar Sae.
Kaise sab kuch well hoga bramhastra run Jo gyi h Sab kuch bas movie k liye hota h

I hate Alia
Im very happy 

Ranbir alia family is ghatia kaminey teri family mein mat lawo bhatt is dirty family

Is ranjeet Kapoor shaking his head to get involved with the girl like Aria he&#39;s a handsome boy he will find a better wife then earlier I&#39;m glad he broke up with his girlfriend because she is not working he is the best man and be like his movie please if you want to carry on with your career do not get involved with Alia bhat sonam Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor

I am so happy
Want breakup alia can merry Mahesh Bhatt only he is fit for alia

If u merry alia u will die like sushant y not merry katrina
I hate Alia.. Mental Alia
Katrina n Ranbir

Just wait and watch. Karma is a bitch. I see no happiness for them both. lol cheated with gay man KJO

Hate u Aliya!
Boycotting their movies

I hate both the characters here it is obvious that ranbir mother is strick and doesn&#39;t what alia after all the news of Mahesh batt or whatever her father name is ...I donno his spelling I don&#39;t even know that he exist it is only after sushant died I know that old man

Who gives a shit

From this it seems that Ranbir is a black bird who has just seen others die.
Allia thats  gud lm happy  rabbit dumped her

Maintaining social distance 

by Cott both

Everyone knows that the movie ends the relationship and this is the publicity drama of the movie. boycott all starkids and movie mafia nepotism
Waiting for there break up

Brahmastra nehi avi hoga flopastra... boycott alia movie vojdeki
aliya and siddhart

Bhatt family is psycho.... Kl KO mahesh bhaat be rabid kapoor KO Target kr diya toh...

But they still together how??

Good news

They are keeping distance because of coronavirus

Ranbir will also cut it, see it???
All good

Who cares, what they r doing

Those who  don&#39;t know to love their  colleagues,how can they be  happy?If you don&#39;t  respect  others  you  won&#39;t receive respect  too!

Who rat face Alia the one mocks and humiliate outsiders

Ranbir need to take his life and run as far as he can

Ranveer is not a marriage material,....and Aliya is WORTHLESS, SHAMELESS!!!!!.....DO HELL WITH THEIR MARRIAGE,BREAK-UP WHATEVER!!!!...not intersested at all in all these bull-shits!!!!!!!!!..Ranveer,Aliya...both of you just go to hell...!!!!!!!
I will not watch any movie if it comes.
I want them to break up

Alia is best with varun she deserves to be badri ki dulhania and Ranbir is good for nothing

Boycott their movies until no justice for Sushant. Boo bollywood

She is not fit to be a daughterin law for the kapoors family

When I heard the news of their breakup that will be the happiest moment.I hate Alia.

Ranbi break up to Alia,

Alia go to hell sale

faltoo

I think no would like to marry cheep Actress like Aaila bhat

Yaa , true alia may be look good with someone like Varun but Varun also look so stunning with shraddha , and shraddha is also a kind hearted and attitude less girl ,so, shraddha is the one who deserve some gem of Bollywood.

Alia Bhatt seems like she is pretending to be more mature by her age which she is absolutely not , and may be she was using Ranbir to remove her child status in Bollywood, Ranbir look good with Katrina more than aloa Bhatt , and alia deserve someone of her age

Varia

It&#39;s a happy news for me

Alia and Varun is the best .I love Varia .
Aliea should leave Rarbir an marry varun

Dont u have anything better to do?

Whats its to u if they dont marry.its better to know about da next person b4 marriage than after.and another thing marriage should b made to last till death do apart.

Public should just leave these people alone.after all they&#39;re human too just like all of us.

Alia should marry varun

Alia got exactly what she deserve, she betrayed her friend kathrina, but he&#39;s no good and she wouldn&#39;t. Find happiness with him and his controlling mother, he&#39;s drug addict and user....

They don&#39;t look good together!!!! Not a good pair!!

Ufff ye to hona he tha wjen ranbir is in relationship wid sum1

Wait, their break up has not happened, wait till you find out that your man's love is better than that. Galatian news. Or did he tell you on the phone that we are no longer shooting with you because we have broken up?
Galat bat hai 
I don&#39;t know why all are like alia and ranbir break up i don&#39;t  know but me too like it

why should they be together 24/7?  every couple needs space and they are in the phase of their relationship that if they dont meet during their work hours things wont come crashing down. I feel Alia is too young to get married and that even to ranbir who will not be faithful to her. he comes from a troubled place.  she needs to wait it out and not plunge into marriage. her career will be over.

I think Ranbir has a roving eyes!  Always looking around!

I&#39;m waiting good news fr alia and varun, ship them 

Alia thought she was the one fr him...she was acting like she achieved Oscar haha ...

Good couple they are the right match

Ur English is so poor..Work on it before u judge others...

That Ranbir will surely cheat Alia was the prediction of his father or that is how you people were showing viewers. So nothing new.

Ranbir is not at all Marriage material. If you can get free milk y buy a cow! Don&#39;t waste your time Alia. Ranbir cannot stay too long with one woman. That is Ranbir Kapoor!!

But after Rishi Kapoor death this can happen

Ranbir is an arrogant ass and Alia is better with out him!!!

<a href="">2:15</a>...obviously Ranbir...Alia is very honest, loyal and faithful, unlike Rnabir.

Can&#39;t wait for them to break-up...I feel like Alia should just leave Ranbir, before she&#39;s heart-broken, on him leaving her ( for the next top actress )...Ranbir, you cheater!! Just get lost and get out of her life...love you anyway Alia, but pleaseee be with Varun or Sidharth.

Ranveer is a vry big cheater. .He cheated with many girls ......I think he is also cheating Alia. He is not a trusty person I don&#39;t trust ranveer

Ranbir is to much into himself...he’s a psycho to much controlled by mother..he had already ruined so many girls

Siddharth is rubish next movie Alia and Varun Dhawan please

You are a fool Ranbir Kapoor is the best actor  the other actor look like ghost and donkey except aayushman. My fav actor is Ranbir and aayushman Khurana 

Alia should break up.

Well not shocked

Alia should me with varun if he didin&#39;t had a girlfriend.

Ped up to see both you on media 

This guy will fire every time he kills me
Ranbir has a simple fanda... Jis movie mein bhi kam karo agar uski heroine single hai uske sath chakkar chalalo. He cheated on sonam with deepika, had something with nargis fakhri too,had relation with priyanka chopra too he then cheated deepika with katrina, the cheated katrina with her best friend alia . Ab next movie mein pta chalega agli gf kon hai iski

Jab confirm nhi hota to batate q ho

I hate Bollywood actors , no morals and ethics in their life .

They got bored now . Need new relationships for both of them . That is Bollywood now a days . At least Hollywood actors are far better , once at least

Medua WHY DONT YOU POST SAD NEWS ABOUT MILLIONS OF PEOPLE SICK OR DIED AROUND THE WORLD THAN THIS STUOUD STORY!!!!

Ranvit acts moody or grumpy wen usually nvr smiles when taking pic from media. She BETTER off with varun. They wil  make a fun loving couples

Varun and alia are the best couple

Waiting for their break up

Very good

Thankfully this was a short video. I don’t know why there are so many Ill wishers in this world. Let them be, they are two young people dating and enjoying themselves. If it doesn’t work out it doesn’t work out, I’m sure Alia will land back on her feet. God and the universe has a way of making things work

Uff y these actresses r after playboy Ranveer....i hate this guy

Siddharth and aila

It&#39;s only for making buzz for their coming film&amp; nothing else.publicity stunt

Where is her sugar daddy karan Johar?? She looks best with him. Sugar baby of karan Johar

it could be due to corona!! (maintaining distance):P :P :P

Alia please wake up...it&#39;s a game 

Good newz
If her stars are ok she will escape this waterloo on her invited by herself

i like varun and alia chemistry they look good together not with ranbir

Hi Alia, how are you and your whole family doing ? Hope you all taking care of yourself and each other this is a difficult time. Love you Alia,  I know this was going to happen but just a matter of time. It&#39;s time to wake up Alia, your family love you too much to see you go through that. You take care of yourself. You and Varun, make such a great couple I wish bouth of you will get  married. 

E toh sala hone hi tha

It&#39;s a blessing for Alia to get rid Ranbir.Alia definitely can find a better guy than a playboy like Ranbir.

Alia aur varun ko ek ho jana chahiye like here who want this

Varun and alia is best couple but varun already have a girlfriend

Neha Dhupiya its ranbir choice

Actually it&#39;s not a bad news..It&#39;s a very good newsWho agrees with me?

I like Alia but not Ranvir Kapoor

I don&#39;t like this couple

Good Alia.  Wise decision.  Do not get married to Rabbit.  He is not worthy of u.

I think they r already maried

Mom will never allow him to marry..  :)

Same here waiting to break up and patch with Kat 

They had no chemistry anyways..

Now what will you do with the lehenga, I will keep it long 
Ranbeer can&#39;t stay with a woman. He just dates woman and leave them when he feds up.

Alia&amp; Ranbir look good toghether

Fake they are stilltogether

Calling him playboy is not an answer.. The thing is he doesn&#39;t want to get married only, there are many girls too like him who doesn&#39;t want to marry, but want only relationship.. Nothing wrong, people should accept and move on or avoid being in relationships with such people if they want marriage..action speaks louder than words.. If someone wants to die bachelor, it&#39;s their choice.. By forcing them to marry, you are spoiling many lives.  At least he isn&#39;t an abuser..

Fake news

Worse Jodi ever
I think ranbir used Alia to take revenge from Katrina after breaking up with her cuz Alia and Katrina were best friends before Alia started dating ranbir...also ranbir and Alia NEVER looked happy together, idk why Alia wanted to marry this play boy... All I can say if this news is true then  “Alia Bach gai”.

I don’t understand why actress fall for him after knowing his play boy reputation , I would NEVER fall for sm one like him no matter how handsome or famous he is.

Are you brother Ranbeer, what did you eat?
Break up hona chahiye un dono ko...Katrina and Ranbir,they are best couple

Good news

Funny it&#39;s their Life their business you media don&#39;t worry 

Why did Alia broke with Siddharth.... Alia and Siddharth Malhotra are best for each other.

Ranbir should marry homely girl as Alia has to go long way in career

Not serious,, happy follow broke up like katrina and deepika ( alia is the next victim) but yaaa, hope they were married soon, must positif

It’s perfect..... due to Ranbir is the damn charecterless guy..........

Who cares we have our own lives and dreams to live. Let them live theirs

its sime...thy are affraid to get corona visus from each other

Maybe They are not the showy couples......

Ranbir kapur Kbhi Kisi ka ho he nhi skta 

Aur kar Bhi ky Santa hai Ranbir

Not this news is sad alia bhatt had been so better than ranvir

This means they might be Married secretly.

I WOULD B REALLY HAPPY IF ALIYA CHEATS RANBIR

bakwas tareen couple

YE PANCHOD HER LARKI KO DITCH KRNAY KA ADDICT HAI

Stop this brother, which country is in trouble?
Look at ranbir face ,he does not seem happy

Acha flower
Je to hona hi tha....Pehle se pata tha.

You know alia you deserve better concentrate on your work instead on Ranbir.  I hope that they break up I don&#39;t like you and Ranbir jodi. Please leave him and focus on your work and enjoy life.. You still have a long way to go its just the beginning so please and I think many people here are waiting for your break up with him

alia will never cheat on ranbir , RANBIR IS SUCH A PLAY BOY

Accha hua Was talking that she would replace deepika Your husband only now got replaced how are you going to replace Deepika Paduokone

What you expect from Rishi kapoor and Neetus son . Rishi is known for bad temper and arrogance.Same with Neetu so how will Ranbir escape from those Gene&#39;s. He looks so arrogant while Alia is bubbly and smiles . But the guy is so caught up with himself and is a cheat. He wont stop cheating and habits never die.she is young she needs to find a decent boy or she will be unhappy with this womanizer

Ranbir cannot get oxygen, it is only God. Even if you get married, you don't have to wait too long.
Alia deserves better than that cheater

Are you her mother jo tumhe itna pata uske baare mein so just shut up

Tbh this video is fake they have not married yet

I want a break up.. Ranbir is a playboy , i dont like alia much but still she has a place in my heart , i want him to be with siddharth again

alia dump sid for ranbir,ranbir dump kat for alia....

Ye to hona hi tha... 

I really wait for thier breakupp

Plz don't kill Aliya, no one wants to kill this innocent Katrina.
Good news...Happy for Alia...she&#39;s nice..

Only if this was true..I hate them both

Sidlia is better than ranlia

Ranbir is a total narcissist and a playboy. Alia deserves someone much better than him. I don&#39;t what has happened to alia... I feel like she has lost her charm and spark since she started dating ranbir kapoor. I feel bad for her because I had someone in my life who was like Ranbir and that person broke my heart and I&#39;m still healing

ranbir is an alcoholist person and alia deserves a handsome and stunning guy and first of all ranbir doesnt deserve alia at all

It&#39;s good if they partedAlia hate ranbir Aliavarun

Ranbir is a cheater

Alia&#39;s compatibility is best with Varun Dhawan. Who all agree?

Good

Um...but it&#39;s a false news

Ranbir Kapoor is not good for Alia Bhatt

Off screen chemistry: I don’t think soOn screen chemistry: um...which film..

Rk is too handsome for Alia. She is just a child. Rk deserved someone likedeepika. Thats a woman

Kal hi to dikhe gaye Holi celebrations meKuch bhi Bolte he media wale

Bull shit

that was good news 

All this is so sweet, who told you to fall in love?
I like Alia&amp;Sid and I&#39;m looking forward to seeing them together in next movie

they just did it for bhramastra lol

Yes finally they broke up alia deserves way better

Their’s no exciting thing in b/w them ... so why they suppose to get married!!!

Ich mei sad keya hai we al also want their break up not break up but we want their ugly break up
I think this Ranbir doesn't want to marry anyone and just passes the time like he did with Deepika Katrina and now she is
RANBIR Alia
Aye toh hona hi tha

I am very happy becoz of these news these news made my day

I don&#39;t know why but i m wishing that brahamastra should get flop

Coronavirus 

Yes I am so happy 
Vag le Alia beta...iske piche barbaad maat ho re..
Alia is so ugly for ranbir he deserve a beauty

Ranbir's example is that of a stray dog ​​who gets scared just by looking at the dog.
Ranbir kutta nasal hy jo her kuttiya py charha hota hy
Ranbir kutta hy jo her kutiya py char jata hy

Mujhe to ye aliya bhat belkul bhe ache nhe lgte asa lgta h ke ese ne he ranber ko purpose keya h

All these dramas are used as tools of getting more popular!!

Ye toh hona e thaa

Please dont ship Alia and Varun together for Marriage thing coz Varun is in a committed relationship with his long time g.f Natasha n is planning to marry her. Varun n Alia are very good Friends and hope they remain so ever. But Red Flag for Ranbir. Their relationship doesn&#39;t seem like a real love at all.

Ranbir n alia relation never matched

How many of you think that alia was far better when she was not with ranbir?  Also she is an amazing actress but with him everything gets worse

Even if it&#39;s confirm please please keep us out of it.we have our own breakups we have our own stories which we have to bear.Yeh shadi karen ya na karen doesn&#39;t matters..

Brahmastra will also be released?? Shooting has been going on since 4 years 
Promotional tool only

Fake news

Congratulations ...Queen of attitute Alia bath ......Ranbir won&#39;t marry you ..........

Honestly I don&#39;t like them together......

Good luck, stay safe
Haha now ranbir is in a trap.. show off alia , inscure , becase of Alia dad name ranbir can’t leave alia as like he did with deepika..deepika is lucky she married ranveer and she is not fake

Alia you are a smart girl save yourself while you can.

Achcha hu bachcha hai buddhhe ALIA BEST JODI VARUN HE LOVELY COUPLE VALIA इतिया । । ।
Ranbir u should leave alia she doesn&#39;t suits you she is so ugly looking girl

It’s because of Coronavirus 

Yeh shadi hgi Fr sure tum jo marji bolo
Aliya , you are so young do you think he is correct for you , if you are confident well it is okay . Take your own time before taking these types of big decision , this is not only the case of your love , if you marry him and if he&#39;s not truly  in love with you it if affect your life, take care and if you taken one decision think twice and do, this is your lifewe are nobody to decide how your life should be

He is no longer with this playboy.. He breaks up at the time of marriage.. This young boy doesn't know much about what his parents want, which girl will come to take him from heaven. Achi achi ladkiya toh kho di h iss playboy ne
Alia should marry varun Best jodi varia

Alia deserve better she&#39;s beautiful but it&#39;s not what&#39;s we want it&#39;s what they want wish them good luck in whatever they are going through break up or together.

I hope they separate cause I hate ranveer and Alia jodi it’s just a joke that the are in love

I can&#39;t wait for their breakup! I don&#39;t see any chemistry between them!Actually, Varun and Alia would have made a perfect couple indeed

Alia and Ranbir don&#39;t look good together .

This fellow never looks happy .His face is alway very Sad &amp; very stiff.The lady always have great smile &amp; always looks very happy &amp; Excited .Seems like she is really in love with this Fellow .But his Attitude Sucks .Note ...I hope she is making the right Decision to get Married to a man who Shows very unhealthy Expressions &amp; very disappointed face &amp; specially his body language is Not suitable at all ....thank u ...( Canada)

I hate ranbir because he cheated many bolly wood actress...

Alai is katrina frn still she date with ranbir,it’s all about karma

Bla bla bla

This sentence was really surprising that if a girl breaks up means she and cheated and if the boy breaks up means he has dumped ...what do u all want to say 

Both have been into many relationships. Not surprising at all if they part ways. Ranbir will be a next Salman or marry a simple someone from outside industry. Alia like many other heroines of bollywood would probably break someone&#39;s house and marry a divorced millionaire. That&#39;s Glamour world..unfortunately. Sirf dikhawa

How alia trust  his ranbir he not love you I don&#39;t know but varun love u we all know very well

These celebreties have very bad relationship s

Rabir is foolish  and gdha

I knew it

Hopless couple

I am thinking that after breaking up, who will be Ranbeer's next gf?????????????
Who will be Ranbir's new gf???
Alia should definitely marry Varun and leave Ranbir. I am from Varia side. Who else?

Ranbir is never loyal

Alia is the dumbest girl like ananya pandey.Everybody knows Ranbir is a play boy..Even knowing that She thought of going to live in Relationship..Ranbir did What he wanted..Thats it

Ye tho hona hi tha 

Want their marriage



Good news to hear bcoz some couple are not being good to see also....

No we are not thinking 

Expected

Rancher Kapoor.....?    Only shikari .

Alia is good with Varun Dhawan only. They look cute and a friend is better as husband.

Ranbir is not a husband material at all.He is a selfish  person, who only loves Himself excessively!!!

Ranbir is on drugs

Breakup  will  be good

I hope they will get marry soon enshaallah 

It could be public stunt who knows these stars do so any things

Alia publicly agreed to her relationship in Filmfare last year but ranbir was quite she followed the same path as deepika I just hope she has good future with or without ranbir that is her destiny I don’t want to say anything

Are... no one will marry this.. which actress is in the news or in lime light, she is the only one who increases her value by becoming a gf... first depika then kat..or gully boy's bad alia ko..kuki I don't know who is calling me
even a little
This is fake news, friend. Without logging in, SachJane also comments. Want to keep your professional and personal life separate, that's all. Please show this wrong news.
Alia do hope you don’t marry ranbir he is too old for you he doesn’t deserve you
It&#39;s not bad news is a good news ranbir is cheater varun️ aalia best couple in the world love you varlia

Guys they’re not in love. How will they get married. Alia love VD  , they have lots of chemistry.

Kata kata Alia tera bi kataRanbir tera bi kata
Wat shitty news
Alia is a nice girl, I rarely say this to any film actress., but Alia is different.  Leave that Ranbir and be careful in choosing your life partner.  This is the advice from a senior citizen.

The day I hear their breakup  ..... first word would come to my mind finally I can die peacefully

I think that they are not good couple th

Fake news 

Alia plz marry Dhawan or Vicky .

Inka koi Mel hi nahi he I think that alia is better suited with Varun

Hey, why should we break up, but I feel that our couple is very bad, or I feel that Ranbir will never come clean from what he cheated on Deepu, and he will also cheat on others. kyu alia ko smj nhi aata okkk muje kya
Waiting for their break up

Very good news that break up.

Ohh shut up yrr iske alia ke bhi to kitne bf rhe ha… hd ha yrr
iam waiting from long time for their breakup
Oh hello.. Dont poke your nose into their life... If you don&#39;t get any spicy topic, then don&#39;t make any vdo... But what rubbish is this.... DUFFER!

Between of Alia and Varun, Shradha and Ranbir has interfair. Who agree hit the like button

Alia️ is best she not deserved this playboy

Alia deserves much better
Alia should be with varun

Ranbeer can&#39;t be well with any women... Katrina n Deepika r example.....not ready for marriage.may b trying to trap smone nw...aalia prepare urself for  a new gullyboy.

Don’t marry a momma’s boy 

That does  not surprise me

Good news  a very bad couple, she is better with Varun. Ranbir misses Deepika very much 
Too many views in just one day

Alia u deserve a guy who is caring nd flawless, Think wisely before jumping in to it, will he be able a good husband to u or not,,,, don&#39;t make a mistake of ur lyk, analize it

Should i think tat ranbir is not interested in alia at all

Who think alia deserves better other than a playboy

Beautiful jodi
I think that alia loves  ranbir and ranbir love alia because if they don&#39;t  love so why they will take decision to marriage  maybe some trouble will came in there life  that&#39;s why they are not talking

Pliiig sadi karlo 
Randir don&#39;t deserve Aalia as she deserves better and more capable person..Marrying Randir will b ze most disastrous decision of Aalia..Hope she just make a hast of marriage as she is too young to get married..N zat man who has been sincered to his ex girlfriends, will never keep his wife happy.. Bared it..

Make video on yo yo paji Love from nepal

Yoo

Omg !! Better get some life lady instead of making videos on others life

I told you about the flowers at home.
We all are know that ranbir is playboy

For movie bramhastra they were together and families were also helping them for movie to run.bollywood people can do anything to any extent

That&#39;s comman in love . In that only they will understand about them a lot

Ranbeer is a playboy his mother made a good play boy good for nitu.Ranbeer deserve any kind of good pross good for kapor familly

I. Hat Ranbir because he is my not favourite is very dull Alia is my actorss. Waiting for barkeep US time pass kar raha tha Alia ke sath  yaakkai actress ko bhi cheat Kiya hai is very very very very very bad

Not suited he will do better

This is not surprise Ranbir is play boy he play with girls and dump soon no one trust him he will bi feel sorry when he reach 40, no girls for him may her mom find for him not like Alia , she very beautiful and nice girl shame on Ranbir and his mom

Ranbir Kapoor's break-up with Alia Bhatt
He dating with  Katrina Kaif for 7 years and broke up

Is Alia sure wants to marry him after almost all of the young artist at that time he had datingsorry i little dont like ranbir because he is playboy

U will see like Salman Khan last

Alia is better with varun or sid

From the beginning i had a strange tast on alia and ranbir. They do not fit with each other. When i saw deepika with ranveer , i knew :&quot; they will be happy together because they fit together&quot;. But Alia and ranbir ...no. ranbir need a normal woman , out off the Bollywood industy. But someone who can handle him. Same with alia , she needs a strong man in her life who can say where it stands , a balance , wise person. She is fresh in the Bollywood industy and young lady , she must have a person who understands her. Like how deepika and ranveer understand each other aswell shahrukh and Gauri , aswell Kareena and saif etc etc.

That&#39;s not a sad news instead it&#39;s very good news because ranbir was just playing with alia.

To me this is not a sad news it is a good news

Alia please marri Vijay deverakonde

We all knew that bzc Ranbir is a Cheater.

It can be either ways. 1st thought is that they both want to keep personal and professional life different or they both does not have trust on each other anymore

She deserve whatever treatment she had from the rising play boy of Bollywood &quot;RK&quot; . She broke the heart of Sodharth Malhotra. She betrayed her good friend Katrina who trusted her the most. She ignored all the advises she received from friends and well wishers about the play boy attitude. Now she is paying the price of her selfish and arrogance.

My favourite  Alia Bhatt I want to meet her who lives her like here

Behen unka personal life he.. who the hell are you?

They both not matching at, all ranbir is not fit for alia bhatt ....my openion Sidharth Malhotra is best  for alia. Just my openion 

Play boy ranbir! permanently married boy oh no way.. he is not marrying alia , he just pass his time and nothing else.. odd couple..she deserves better 

Ranbin needs to find a girl not in show business then I think he will settle down. Sorry alia

Don&#39;t know why a shit like Ranbir gets talented Women when he don&#39;t even deserves it

Alia is26 and ranbeer 37 what a match ??

Ye toh hona hi thaa

V know dis.... Ranbir z not faithful wid any one... He such a dog....

Ranbir n katrina best together not like alia.

Never lose hope Be positive ️
Ranbir is a cheatet. Their relationship will not last long.

Idk why I&#39;m so happy hearing this. My favorite Alia ke liye Varun always the best. Varia But it may be cause they wanna maintain personal and professional life. But if ranbir dhoka dega to Alia ka dil tootega .Varun ko hona chahiye Alia ko sambhalne ke liye. I hope so. 

He is an idiot loser who needs to grow up!!!

Alia leave this thadki, kameena Ranbir Bewakoofi ki murat Alia

Hamare liye tho alia hamesha Varun dhawan ki he dulhaniya rahenge, hit like if u agree guys

Alia&#39;s personal life will spoil if she marry ranbir.

This is not the case, why should both of them break up, if Ranbir breaks up with Alia, he will be left alone, if Ranbir breaks up with Alia, he will be left alone, after the release of Ranbir Alia's movie, both of them will get married. and marry and live happily 
Their life...who are we to comment on their personal life...

Noo... It&#39;s not true... Bcoz alia will never leave ranbir....In an interview she said that she could do anything for ranbir...

You should just go watch ranbir  s dirty secrets there you will find the answer to this question

these people are of no use
Well this couple is not at all adorable ranbir always plays  with other girls heart and alia is at the top she is made for Varun and everyone loves their pairs on screen and off too so I hope what happens will happen for the good

I think it was just a publicity stunt. Same thing happened when she was Siddharth Malhotra. They got together for SOTY and then..boom!..they break-up.

Any proof.. Anyway happy news..

Please help me to complete 50K subscribers.

Yeh toh hona hi tha 

I hate both of them 

All fake
I think Ranbir is the only actor who has made as many people mad as he did for making Bollywood main entry, and the same number of people today hate Ranbir.. Hey man, you have come to do Bollywood main movie... not to impress girls.
Waiting for their break up

Don't you understand that Alia is so desperate to get married to Ranbir?​ - she is a good actress, she has earned a lot of money and how can she trust Ranbir? Whose farm is the girl who cheated the gf like dip or cut?
I love alia and randir&#39;s relationship..

Is there a need so many times for celebrities to force marriage... clearly Nitu ji finally got a family once again to get her daughter married, due to which Nitu ji had caused the break up of Deepika or Kat.. to herself. I am in an unhappy marriage but will not let my daughter be happy. God knows what Ali has done to Ranbir. Ranbir ka rarely koi movie ati hain.. 2 days later he will sit at home and will start earning money.
Aliya you deserve better why are you keeping this guy when he keeps dumping girls . It&#39;s so hurting to see how he let down girls that&#39;s exactly what you are going to go through. Really frightening relationship you are getting into. Marriage is for keeps and sharing your love and embracing each other. Please put on your thinking cap come girl you are so beautiful and you will get the best and that is what you deserve.

Third class you tuber.  Bakwas news.

Alia Bhatt Varun Dhawan best Jodi 
Good news

This is a great news

Hope their love story is they lived happily ever after

Aliya and sid are best couple more then in ranbir

I hope Alia goes with varun dawan

Because everyone knew this before..I hate Rannir 
It&#39;s a happy news

valo hoise
Flop couple and Good news

Not bad good news ..bakwas coupLe...

Woh toh pahle hi pata tha...

History may repeat itself. Ranbir will be like rishi and alia like neetu. Both visibly miserable in their marriage. Pray for alia guys

Ranbeer like Paras chabra
According to me this maybe their professional and personal life decision or maybe alia thought the decision is wrong or the cheater ranbir would have been dumped her for some other girl

This is not sad news this is a good news because I don&#39;t like this Jodi ever on screen may be good but off screen not at all

Ranbir and Alia came and said you...

Hihihi it&#39;s not bad news,for me they aren&#39;t  nice couple. But if they love each other (and ofcourse ranbir finally decided to stop) i can only wish all the best for them. I love both of them♡,  but not as couple.

Flop Jodi and good news

Hey just to inform you in the your video of duplicates of Bollywood actors you missed out Sushant Singh Rajput - M S Dhoni. Your video&#39;s are awesome

Alia still now there is time Escape from tHim before he fled from you

Aliya Bhatt and Varun dhawan are best coupleVaria
Honestly, this relationship will not last. ranbir is a play-boy who has broken the hearts of many amazing actresses. Alia, despite her controversies, does not deserve to have her heart broken by  ranbir.

Ranbir  loves only his mother  Allia  deserved  much better  a real  man  real  love  am  happy that  they will  never  get married since long  i. Wish that 

What would I do to Aaliya, what would I do if someone else met me?
What happens happens for good i am also not happy with the relation between alia and ranbir  they are not looking a best couple and ranbir is a cheater he also cheated katrina kaif

But her phone screen saver was of them kissing at the wedding. Anyone else saw that on zoom news lool?  Could be publicity stunt but I think they really will get married. Hope he doesn&#39;t break her heart like he did with previous ex&#39;s 

gfrtukkbg
6th comment

Wawabadnews

i  dont hope they seperate because look cute together

6 comment

Ranbir is a cheater he is planning a big game marry alia and divorce he is upgrading his game

I hope they both brokeup with each other

5 comment

I hope they separate because alia look awesome with varun I want alia and varun together

Second comment
