I wonder about the fake journalists who do not know what the helicopters carry in bad weather at night and what they drop on deserted beaches. ..Haha
The kid dropped it
Ms. @@LLLL@@
What happened?? They just played him with the controls in hand
latest greek submarine tech

The reason for the crash was that the pilot made a mistake or was injured
Apache 3
Im surprised nobody tried anything to rescue the pilots. I mean in such shallow water.

Marios Michael Turoutsikas = ☠️💩🇬🇷🐷🤔🙄🤭😂🤣🎊🎉🥳🥳🥳
grecoids: &quot;greek pilots are the best in the world&quot; 🤭🤭🤭🤣🤣🤣
the children be well...
Fuckers, this is not KA-52 ☝🏻🤣🤣🤣🤣
I hope everything is fine with the pilot; his nerves will not be envied in the near future
Hahahaha stupid greek

wrong calculation
Has this been repaired?
Psofos......may they suffer!!! FOOLS get paid.
They sit and watch it as if a movie is being made. He doesn't run and asks the viewers to get him out in time.. Shallow looks naanai. They may not even know how to bathe. Sorry to judge, but a few seconds can save a life, we all know that
Fortunately, all is well.
Did we ever find out what was wrong?
Kanenas malakas den botikse. Irosismos tou kolou diladi. Paliomalakes. Pwwww lei o malakas ma toso zown to mousxarr. Les kai exases 13 bre mn se briso xoirotera gamo tin mira sou. Pwwwwww reeeee xasame penalty.
How the hell did this happen!
The one with the green T-shirt phase?
The pilot ORGIO MEGALOOO
another operator error with the loss of expensive equipment paid for by the Greek taxpayers..Tragic mistake.....neither the first nor the last unfortunately.....
Since the children are good.. all I have to say is that when you play with a toy that belongs to the state and we have paid for it in gold, it is good to respect them....
You can not challenge with the Turkish pilots.Truth hurts.

aaaaaaand there goes the Greek economy

One thing I know is bullshit is paid
Hey George, take a spin
Fuck his stitches!!!
the bastard nailed it
It's a pity to see half a hospital falling into the water .. or rather a small school, or a lot of free medicine and food. At least the operators were in good health
Achievement unlocked
50 meters from here is my summer house. Monsters of molasses every morning used to pass the patrols for running between residential neighborhoods in every exercise that manned the outpost and guarded 4 zodiac
Wait, we're talking, the commenter is tired of talking..... What the fuck happened.....
They got vertigo from the thousands of kilometers of speed. He mistook the sky for the sea. He tried to slow down.
In his eyes, everything looks like he's watching a movie
Hooooooooo wat

Kitaze ta kolomeria o anthropos.
Wait a minute, you baptize some lads very easily. I saw a flamboyant beach pilot, obviously unfit for such a weapon, shredding it for recycling. Don't forget that if you drop an Apache without a mechanical failure you get a medal......... from the manufacturing company. I am saddened by the lost savings of the Greeks for the purchase of the helicopter. I am ashamed as a Greek for what I saw, which showed nothing but boyishness but an extract of aerial mal....... s. So to speak figs figs. I'm going to milking for you now.
I hope the boys are fine, but surely they shouldn't be given a helicopter again!!!
And yesterday there was a helicopter crash. ..
Good journalism but I don't like it when it gives handles to hate speech. Maki, remove the ability to submit comments, or take it down completely.
They made a mistake, they flew too low and found in the water...
Both pilots are alive.Near was some Greek Seals for a military exercise.

Whoops, baby..... No, damn it... Hahahahahaha aaaaaahahahahaha aaaaaahahahahaha aaaaaahahahahaha aaaaaahahahahaha aaaaaahahahahaha aaaaahahahahaha
Hahahahaha idiot bitch
ABOVE THE SURFACE OF THE EARTH LIFT IS ABSOLUTELY DEPENDENT ON THE QUANTITY AND TEMPERATURE OF THE AIR LAYERS....WITHOUT IT CONVENTIONAL GRIDS CANNOT FLY...ONLY WHEN THE SCIENCE OF ANTI-GRAVITY CAME TO STOKOL I WILL CHANGE THIS ROPE WITH THE TAKEOFFS! SOOOOOON WILL...
oh you found it hahaha
Hahahaha
greeks claim that they have best pilots of nato. hahaha

classic case of Mercury retrograde
Very SOFT the one who pulls instead of running to HELP. EVEN ASK WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PRINCE
shit happens....

LMAO!

noob greek pilots :D ahahahaha

THIS IS NOT THE FIRST NOR THE LAST TIMES THAT USELESS ANTI-PRODUCTION CARAVAN-SPOILERS HAVE DESTROYED MILLIONS OF DOLLARS OF PUBLIC PROPERTY. WHERE EVEN A BABY IS CAPABLE OF THROWING IT.!!! THE ACCIDENT IS THE WHAT DID THEY SURVIVE AND THEY AND THEIR FAMILIES WILL NOT BE PENALTIES FOR PAYMENT OF THE DAMAGE!!!
Pilot error.
we pay with blood for someone to play...........
apolia isxios malakias
They went too low, they couldn’t do that. I understand that they wanted to show off, but it was still in vain.
Most of the people here accuse me and mock me, they have only driven their father's car! And these unworthy come back to judge the worthy! !! Done kids! (REDINA K.E.A.P SPECIAL FORCES TOLMON NIKA)
There are other helicopter wash Roads

50 million dollars down the drain. Is this what greece spends its bailout money on ?

people who put huge watermarks in the middle of the screen are jerks...

Other pilot flew over and is probably just like &quot;looks down&quot; god dammit Steve.

<a href="">0:20</a> looks so cool hehe

Does anyone know what that flash was at about 5-6 seconds into the vid?  The engine or engines give off a flash and puff of smoke.

That sucks!

ahahaha this is hysterical. what country is this?

Someone will have $300 million deducted from their salary.
3/12 helicopters crashed, that&#39;s reasonable percentage.  Maybe send them back to pilot school before you have to sell the whole country to pay for more.

Mou aresei pou ginounte tetoia skhnika kai ta anevazoume kai sto youtube anti na eksafanizonte na ta vlepoune oi tourkalades na gelane oxi oti den exoume na gelasoume me ta dika tous na einai kala oi kourdh
I wanted to fly around the mountain
oops

It was hot, take a dip!!!
Otherwise we have good pilots..
Horror to watch......
1 turbine engine had a visual flameout meaning loss of power or even catastrophic failure on that engine , pilot maybe was not aware of that and continued the manuever. Its visible on the video too in the first seconds of it , right engine spits a fireball.

Sorry but that was an out right crash ..The Pilot tried to do a overhead roll but he to close to ground very stupid rookie move he in know way loose power his engine was running top speed when he entered the water this Helo can pull this move off I have seen it happen but they were a damn bit higher off the ground all he needed was couple hundred feet more for to allow the Helo be able to pull up .When he rolls over that&#39;s where he drops like a rock fast until Pilot can pull it up 200 250 feet needed. But if He would have ranged it right he would have just skimmed the water yet he took a chance better have more up lift and miss water than try to be the zero than hero . OH yeah I bet you He lost his flight status and anyone can see he was to close to ground to be able pull it up sad thats a $40 million dollar Helo and I&#39;m low Ballin here ...

Just me, in Battlefield...
life is priceless only for the military-police-firefighters..... the rest are expendable. Thousands of courier, delivery, security have died, during working hours, nothing is heard. Helicopters, cannons, fire engines are falling not to mention looting) by some of the scumbags we have them as heroes and in appreciation. I remember a few years ago a firefighting helicopter crashed into a gas station and it was a holocaust, and by luck it was finally pulled out, and immediately instead of arresting the operator, they told him well done from above. Get rid of the hot springs, not only those who are already paid in the final, but also the rest of the average Greek citizen who pays with blood and sweat for your bullshit
At <a href="">00:06</a> a glow is visible. Does anyone know where it comes from?(At <a href="">00:06</a> there is a flash. Any ideas what caused it?)
Ami go home
How about new bailout packet Greece? Nice way to spend some money.

when the chick calls you and says she's pregnant
64 millionaires went to the bottom......
I&#39;m concerned that it took over one minute for the boats to get to them?Also, in the origianl version of the video, the Apache appears to turn on a stall before heading back down to crash in the lake, how can ANYONE let alone a trained pilot expect to pull it off?

Spent.
,L.cl,?K...KIK..KIKkii.x....x..k..k?C...k...

noob

The gantry, caught the wheels and the gun down. And it's also -D Apache, very well...also irrelevant, not that anyone will need it, but it's a good idea to dive down when a helicopter falls near us, so that no stray blade takes our head. I'm not saying the person taking the video was far away, but you never know...
klrfjgklasjgşlskdfdasgflhg
And suddenly in such a video you see all the Greek stink in all its glory... First we have the guy who takes the video, the helicopter falls and what will the Greek do, a &quot;you bastard&quot? and the continuation of the video is enough and more ... By God I'm not saying to dive into the sea and be the hero, but to call an ambulance, the port something someone ... The next moron is seen in the comments, &quot;Well done moron pilot and now we will pay for your bullshit... It's a shame apache and these are very expensive etc etc etc....&quot; The life of a lad in your princesses eh ???? you drink your frapa and scratch your balls but apache is good and your money. To see you fly and suddenly see the sea in front of your eyes and have the responsibility of your co-pilot. To see you look into the eyes of the mothers of these people. But of course not, since he is not known to us in our schools. I have a pilot relative and when he was flying a fighter jet to intercept the Turkish pilots, they would shoot our legs until he came back. We lack humanity, not money.
passed away?
The one who takes a video because he just says &quot;Whoah&quot;, but continues to shoot in a phase of &quot;f&#39; my dears"?? 😂
THE CREW WHAT HAPPENED?
ta exoume polla kai leme xalali
Lots of splashes, so only 7 out of 10, next.
This is becoming a common type of crash with the Apache. Hot shot pilots performing this maneuver  way to low to the ground.

The &quot;national hafies&quot; still in a delusion of vanity and self-promotion (especially the headline on what he thinks is a "news" site is indicative of his illness). Really, not only are all the videos of this incredible &quot;journalist&quot; (I wonder how Vassilis Rafailidis, when you were on New Channel in the 90s, used to come to the show of political debauchery that you "presented") but they bring all intelligent people face to face with the most disgusting (after &quot "bearer", Kouris, who have the same name by the way, and several others) has "born" the Greek society. Maki &quot;my&quot; e.g. the HackyPixelz that my son watches has 10x more subscribers than you and without the kid buying (like you) from bad luck bridegroom-bathing videos of the moment. Disgrace.
And other EU states are paying Greek&#39;s debt? :D

at <a href="">0:07</a> we see a small explosion, end of case
They see me rollin...

Too bad the tool was one of the well-upgraded Apaches we had, but it's bad if the children are in good health. Without pilots, what can you do with the helicopters? Many accidents these 2 years, Minister Kamene. There are too many accidents and nothing it is a coincidence that the Ministry of Defense buys a Sony radio station for the thieves with its own funds, at a time when there are serious shortages in the Army.
<a href="">0:19</a> - Shots are heard.
Why didn’t anyone standing on the shore rush to sleep?
if you look very carefully at the 7 second mark, the helicopter engine explodes. ....... how likely is it that he dropped it into the sea on purpose or why? Watch the video of this channel that explains the reason why the helicopter crashed and you will understand
I guess CNN will blame Putin.

100% pilot&#39;s mistake
for the fuck
Is this shit being fixed now?
978,000 views how much money revenue is for Greek data???
they were not supposed to fly helicopters in such weather conditions. noon and sunshine you are corked with the third beer
greek pilot, what could go wrong?

Kangaroos with helicopters only in GTA
Swimming in Apache? luxury
He made another pass after seeing euros in the water, thus diving in to get them.

To low idiot.

ohh Malachi...
When your friend plays GTA for the first time
re pedia 825,000 proboles,oli i ellada to eide
what the hell are you guys doing??? they got eaten by bullshit...
Damn, the pilot himself crashed the helicopter into the water :D Our guys, if you watch the video, like the comment, let the infidels wonder what I wrote :Sd:Sd. :D
Or as Colonel Cochrane (Malcolm McDowall) said in &quot;Blue Thunder&quot;:&quot;It&#39;s aerodynamically impossible to loop a chopper, anyone who said they did is a godamn liar&quot;.Although later he said,&quot;THAT&#39;S IMPOSSIBLE!.....AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHH!&quot;

Hello everybody peeps.....AAAAAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGHHHHH!!!!!
what are apache helicopters doing on a Greek beach?

Don&#39;t worry, your tax dollars will buy a new one.

Silly helicopter operators, are you thinking about taxpayers' money?
No problem, just get more loans from the EU ;)

Night !!! re malacca
LoL :D

nevermind, we will just give you more money for a new one / Europe

So as a Swede, as a member of the EU, as a tax payer, this is what I pay you guys for?

&quot;ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&quot;
VIDEO APO TO ZOUGLA SE ARGH KINHSH DIXNEI KATHARA TO SKASIMO POU MONO FWS DEN EINAI

After all, man is a very stupid species. On the one hand, you have half the idiots who curse, and on the other half who think the helicopter was American. Hilarity!
Can Greece afford for your pilots to crash so easily?

Apache pilot obviously drooped the rotor in a low-level maneuver in which he didn&#39;t have the skill to perform nor recover from. You can see the rotor coning as it goes into &quot;mushing&quot;, something the pilot probably wasn&#39;t even trained on or how to recover from.

lol 60 million euros were lost just like that. Fortunately, the lads were saved, whose lives are priceless.
And for that the world PAYMENT and OWE for the bullshit of every asshole :-P
Also das machen die mit unserem Geld.---So that&#39;s what they do with german money.ITS A JOKE PEOPLE, GROW A PAIR.With everyone joking about the german sensitivity with hitler, this is the least you could laugh about.

The Greek public deficit has just shot up.

gia osous lene oti ekane epidiksi eistai blakes giati auto to elikoptero exei dimiourgithi wste na kanei tetious eligmous polemiko einai eleos balte ta miala sas na doulepsoun
poor man&#39;s Hudson landing!
Everyone is standing and no one gives a fuck!
and by the way, he landed
Did I hear the guy say &#39;kurwa mać&#39; as the Apache was crashing into the water?

Woops, there goes another taxpayer money. XD

LOL Hellas down. In a conventional warfare you would be destroyed within few hours Greeks. One of the poorest Pilots ever in the world. I guess, the Turks could take over Greece within 24 hours.

Did he diededed?

Came here to read comments and they&#39;re all in Greek :|

what the hell was that somersault
looks like pilot error to me.. extreme nose down attitude with strong downward momentum. these helicopters aren&#39;t designed to fly maneuvers like this, the rotor blades aren&#39;t long enough to provide that kind of lift in a dive.

playing battlefield for the first time, trying to fly helicopters XD

Suckers.

this is why ancient Greece disapeared

Welp. That&#39;s not gonna buff out.

Well the good thing is no one died locals or the pilots thank God as no sane person likes to see people dying

<a href="">00:52</a> Guy in green shirt couldn&#39;t give two fucks....

What a stupid Yankee. She wore it for shit.
You are a shitty cameraman.

Summary: Greeks don&#39;t know to Fly.

What happened, big guy?..they got soft, this happened!!! Greek army tells you after all the guys and selfies in the camps it is!!!
Somewhere at 6 you see a glow in the engine, possible compressor stall. Which they may not have taken lightly because it was momentary and when data was requested again from the engine it fell into the same state and "sold" them. Maybe we should see shine again but it is not necessary. You can also see such flashes when the engine sucks in an external FOD (eg a bird) or an internal DOD object (eg a screw). There you can have an immediate booking of the involved engine, otherwise it will almost certainly give you a compressor stall as a single screw, for example, can ¨mow&quot; all stages of the compressor and then the turbine. I'm sorry to upset all the haters of the army who are the jotades, the sisters or orphans of Stalin (fascists on the left) or something very distant (you don't even know a hair from where) from the two helicopter operators. No, I'm not their colleague, nor do I know the specific type of helicopter, but I do know from aero engines (it was seen, huh?) and the engine had its psychological problems... Isn't it silly to draw conclusions from unrelated people? And above all to blame and have an opinion about a weapon that you have no idea how it flies and operates and most likely you haven't even seen it in an American movie?? Attack helicopters my ladies fly low, very low and when you do realistic training you will lose material (animate and inanimate) before the war or you will lose it all in the war (along with the war).
einai kala o pilotos
Now wait for the helicopter to spawn..... :)
Eutixos pou den epathan tipota, oi pilots..!!!
I hope the pilots are alive! Hello Greeks!
ellhnikh aeroporia magkes 👏👏
Andrzej, don't be nervous...!
I consider every pilot of the Greek military aviation as my 3rd father....god, my father and after them....our pilots are fully exhausted...he didn't miss it to go and throw it into a tree he didn't miss it to go to it he threw it on the beach and fell into pieces, he didn't throw it on top of a house.....he cut off his head and went and threw it into the sea and let him go from drowning....really congratulations to the Greek Air Force....
Do you know what the bullshit is?
Pilots are guilty

WHAT ARE YOU SITTING AND LOOKING AT AND WONDERING?! RUN TO HELP OUR GUYS! THEY SIT AND WATCH! BABY, WELL DONE, MAY YOU SUCCEED!
I see the hand of Poseidon

the army's carpets are due to the political garbage that ruled us
The Apache was payed with german tax

From H apash
Please RT show us more US military crashes! I want to have some fun!

This shows how military can be fun!

:-(

Come on... Even someone who PLAYS flight sims know you don&#39;t pull a maneuver like this so low to the ground.  You need to roll that ass end around to get that noise up so you don&#39;t drop like a sack of bricks.

Well.. they&#39;ll never be flying one of those toys again. PS: I hope the pilots are alive.

The Mi-24 in such a situation surfaced and flew on. Fly in Russian helicopters.
Stavros and Nea Vrasna - from our favorite beaches. Hope no one got hurt.
i do not understand the comments, achilles help me

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

Well there goes a few million tax dollars.

that's how it was intended
nice

aren&#39;t they $65million each

Such show-offs turned out to be expensive.
The GES said about a loss of engine power and if you notice at about <a href="">0:06</a> there is a fire coming out of the exhaust, it was rubbed and consequently it has worn out, it may be that the power has dropped... if they don't make good maintenance like this happens...
Noob

Waiting for the related reddit-TIFU

they got rescued fast

Haha nice one idiot. That&#39;s what happens when you try to show off. You fail.

best pilots
Just looking for english comments.

Good landing?

With all due respect, the helicopter probably went into loss of trailing wing support because the rotor seems to be running at normal rpm, it couldn't get out mainly due to low altitude, 200-300 feet high, nothing would have happened! These things happen, be well guys! P.S. I'm not playing expert, I'm just guessing something without of course ruling out some mechanical failure like blocking controls or something else! These things are very serious and we need to be careful!
All Us  Apache must be land down like this!

Shit pilot, of course they will say engine failure for insurance purposes..

No brain - consider yourself a cripple
stupid idiots distroying our nature that&#39;s all i see there

&lt;&lt;--- americans and their battle &quot;skills&quot;

You are GODS and we love you!! Good thing we didn't have victims!! And for all the foreign people who have watched the video laughed with the crash, I only want to say one thing! Ask your Helicopter pilots of your country, if they have the balls to attempt a loop like this, with the same model of Helicopter! Thanks!! HERE IS MY MAGIC GREECE!!!!!!
And Pentacon Kill Industries Inc wants to &quot;take on&quot; Russia and China? USSA is now where the Soviet Union was in 1986. LOL.Onward with the dying hillbilly hag to our well deserved and long overdue KARMA!

apo lathos ipologismou tou pilotou epese!
Ryan why are you doing this again???
doh

Pilot error.
Soon the count will reach the third hundred
we're done! the main thing is that the brothers are safe
Zeus struck me!
These guys are obviously US trained. LMAO

I don't know if you got it, but we're a nice atmosphere... we're...
Before making the maneuver a flash is seen in the exhaust of the left engine ..... .
We collected scrap metal and now the pilots are suffering.
Did the pilots make it out?

got fucked
1 of 1000 ways to get rid of 50 million dollars in a day.

I edited it a bit and lowered the speed. Maybe it's a reflection or some light from the helicopter. I can't say for sure. If there is an operator, let him at least tell us if there is a light at that point.
Why do you&#39;ll write in a foreign language ???? Whatever happened to English ??

In the 6th second something comes out of the machine. Or flare is some kind of problem.
I hope the pilots were saved...
The altitude and speed were not great, I hope there were no casualties.
pilot is a fucking noob

Complete and utter negligence on those pilots, flying way to close to the shore line and doing stunts the size of their ego&#39;s by looking at the footage.

This fell
Even if he survived, that was his last day sitting in one of those. Nice job nitwit.

Look at all the people rushing to help...  The world is decaying ... a little each day.

Greek pilot?
the pilot was overthinking
what a stupid horny!!
Well done!
pile driver
Greeks can only ride donkeys.
WHAT ARE YOU LIKE FINDING FUCKS???? DID YOU LIKE WHERE IT FELL????
aerobatics pro
Pilot error
Hope they are fine, from Russia.

Buy highly maneuverable Kamov helicopters.
...

Are the pilots alive?
When u usuallu play battlefield with joystick, but this time u use keyboard instead

The crew commander is an idiot. Write it off to the ground.
there goes our european money............. why the fuck should we still pay for this country......

Were the pilots saved? God bless the Greek people!
see video carefully,People doing nothing at beach these. No comments...

Putin is to blame!
san na vlepo emena sta prota mou vimata sto battlefield
As fun as it is, the internet has taught me to ignore comments from profiles with flags and crosses.
Are the pilots alive?????????? Pilots is dead???
at 0.06 engine trouble. see the flame that flew
Does anyone speak Spanish here?
This country is filled with STUPIDITY
Crispy, damaged, haphazardly painted.
commando
that looked expensive

Little bit of water never hurt a bitch.

Yes bro &quot;on deck&quot; and I didn't say it's exactly the same.
HOW CAN YOU AFFORD THIS

so many comments not even for a serious issue, maybe we'll see what's wrong
maybe I say maybe
the season fell last year the other with the 3 lads
<a href="">0:50</a>-<a href="">0:55</a>Guy with the green : Who Gives a fuck for the crash...i &#39;ll just keep watching the show of my life

Welp. there goes $58million in the lake.

American mollusks, what did you expect, in Iraq they were dropping like flies for no reason, as if they were sprayed with aerosols. The F-16s are the same shit, they will laugh at the Mongols when they get the F-35s, which they were losing in air battles even from F-16s.
Zougla Zougla Zougla Zougla Zougla Zougla Zougla Zougla Zougla Zougla. We get it. It's your video... -_-
my bullshit from their rage and anxiety to have time to write their bullshit because they have seen Apache more than twice in their life and they know what happened they should have broken all the buttons on the keyboard
Exercise and extreme maneuvers above a residential area? If it had fallen on land, it would have burned the entire beach.
pass the neighbor.
Fortunately, the two operators of the Apache helicopter were saved!!!
I&#39;m glad that the pilots are ok

at first sight it seems that the pilots were at fault. But if you watch the video carefully, it shows that the helicopter does not respond to the pilot's attempt to continue his mission. How do you say this; loss of engine power? People should be fine. Besides, it is very difficult to find competent operators in such advanced technology machines. It needs training and a lot of reading. At worst the helicopter will be replaced, at best it will be in pieces, it will return to America and after a year it will be Greece again. (If there is money)
Hahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha

Are the pilots alive?
LOL REKT

plush!!!!!
What&#39;s the point of this dangerous maneuvers? You already can&#39;t afford to fullfil requiered Pilot hours after shrinked budgets. In this limited fly hours, you try to show off. That&#39;s pure stupidity.

PUTIN IS TO BLAME! Did no one notice Putin floating off into the distance on a bear?!
Apachists incoming !

say please
deite to grhgora prin to katevasoun :P :P

First of all, let's say first, thank God that the children are fine..secondly, the one who talks and takes the video is so asleep that he might think he is playing a videogame and he just didn't believe it..!!!
Got fucked
:(

Kai sy re malaka pu ekanes to video sto maki vrikes na to dosis
Ekei sto zougla ise poli vlakes anti na valete to titlo sta agglika kai na xestite sta views to valate ellinikati malakes ellines
DUE TO WRONG HANDLING IT FELL !!!
I finished playing the dick on the skip and my head fell off.
hey patriots you sit from a couch and curse and yell at the operators without knowing what exactly happened one thing put it in your mind that if it wasn't for them and the rest of the pilots now you would be in 4 and behind the Turk
get beaten up, we have to get another one, they made it a submarine or it's soft.
The operators are fine and I don't care about anything else. . . the human life and indeed of people who every day fly under very difficult conditions - and indeed in peacetime they also do air transport of patients - is above all... May the lads be well!
Ahahahaha, not very precise exercises, in the end, but definitely quite accurate :D They paid 65,000,000 idiots for the ethnic military horses to play with the helicopters, ahahahaha
lathos xeirismos tou nooba xeiristi....auta ta elikoptera einai varia den einai gia eligmous.....kati kserane pou tous valane se rixi paralia na kanoun tin askisi
Think before you write some…
Hey guys from the movement of the helicopter it looks like it was damaged during the descent before impacting the sea.
Even in an apache slump, the lounger comments with ease.
Come on, Stavroukos is commenting again with a new name... hahaha, what are we going to do with you?
To commentary ta spaei, exo dakrysei apo to gelio.

<a href="">0:24</a> ohh malaka. frori

Both pilots are ok?

If I make a mistake in 6 to 7 second the engine pops I'm not sure simple I see a flash guys
All the keyboard monkeys who have not flown or remotely piloted talk about the skills of the Greek pilots and they already made the conclusion of the accident before even the official authorities. Since you are so good why don't you send resumes to Boeing to pick you up at the US headquarters?
Ante na dikeologisi ta adikeologita...i figoures plirononte :P
I have seen this woman many times. With very low horizontal speed of the helicopter and bringing the plane of rotation of the rotor perpendicular to the ground then what force will keep the tons of the aircraft in the air?
The helicopter after the maneuver the operator put the rotor in a large angle of attack in relation to the horizon above 80 degrees and almost zero forward speed was unable to recover at this height.. (loss of stall support) if it had an engine failure the last thing happened moment (which I don't think) or it's operator error...
From the video settings (bottom right), set speed 0.25, maximum resolution, full screen, then at 0.6 sec of the video, an explosion at the exhaust of the engine can be seen very clearly.
First of all they are not called pilots, YouTubers, helicopter operators are called. And obviously it's the operators fault here, they were slow to climb, the Apache if it had another second would have been on course to lift off. Such shenanigans are paid for with lives, just because it was an exercise doesn't mean he had to do a HELO DUNKER test. These from a former TEEP. Gidimones.
Greek army
malakia ekane o pilotos
Fortunately the children are in good health. And a big thumbs up to the men of Z MAK for the Help they offered. LOC 236
And I was stupid, it seemed to me! And fat indeed!
There is a high probability, not to mention certainty, that the accident was due to a misjudgment by the operator... At least the children are in good health.
Fortunately the children are fine and I hope the helicopter will be rebuilt
Noobs
And no one is running to help. Beauties...
&quot;ONLY UK RE MUNIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” - Black box, last record before splash
The chopper goes, all for the show on the beach.
in my archives the 20,000,000. I'm glad the humans didn't get hurt.
classic softies. another crush fails for you tube
Greece will not be saved by any weapon of war, only God
the other one, instead of going to help, sits and takes a video of how m...............is it ....
Hey, instead of saying it's good that they were saved again, you're cursing them!! mercy!!! you educated adults who comment think you're smart??!! if you were smart you'd say again it's good that they were saved.... the boys are fine and nothing else!! only the pilot himself knows what actually happened....anesthetized!!!
the pilots are fine. and you Greeks, stop the poison. For crying out loud.
The lads are in good health! This counts! Finally good, all good! If the &quot;discarded&quot; money was all from accidents I accept it wholeheartedly. I don't accept bribes where we paid some billion in gold and no one was convicted with confiscation of public property.
If I'm not mistaken, I see a very low low pass (good simulation of war conditions) and after turning he leaves as if the longbow cut off his movement from above, if the pilot was flying apache without a longbow and they put him in it, he might be bad calculation and a big mistake of their superiors, I don't know, I'm telling my opinion now, above all people should be well, and the same work for supporting sea landings is also done by at least 10 other cheaper helicopters and more flexible, these are for a few maneuvers and a large volume of fire I think, why they make them do such a scenario I don't understand and they explode and you can shoot them with a stinger...anyway, fortunately only one expensive helicopter was lost.
To Zouglagr, can you please show us the video below as well? As long as there is or at least the rescue of the second crew member... Thanks a lot!
all the young people come in and comment here that when they were serving they were the crybabies of mom and dad! all of them without knowing the reasons are cursing the boys. since you are so cool, take a seat in the cockpit so we can see you. the pilots according to suitability and punishment and for the helicopter according to the second, which is likely to come out!
We will pay 20,000,000 EUROS for the failed souza of the flying kangaroo-cowboy-infantry. The maneuver he performed is called return to target, and it requires calculation and not cowboying, especially at such a low height. Fortunately we have not had a war because even barefooted are the opposite, half of our expensive weapons would end up in the ditch from the farts of national pride of the EPOPoid scumbags that even GLX can't handle decently. ONLY the Air Force in Greece has valuable personnel, the Army Air Force are foot soldiers with expensive toys that every now and then they break down. How many Apache and Chinook (AS) have fallen in recent years? How many Super Puma (PA) and Aegean Hawk (PN) respectively?
I expected to see an Indian take a long dive
He said to take a dip to cool off, it was very hot is the truth.
Hey we all pull the stick a little too up with Helicopters, and end up crashing.Anyone remember the code that spawns a new one?

One less mass killing machine.
Okay, guys, how do you do it, - 15,000,000 euros. Shut up eggs.
Nothing is wrong, the pilots had saved earlier.
you refer to any comment that insults, insults the pilots, etc
THE ONLY REPLACEMENT IS THE PILOT THE MAN IF THEY ARE GOOD EVERYTHING OK ANYWAY CONGRATULATIONS TO THE GUYS WHO RUSHED TO HELP IN SECONDS WORTH IT
KAI LATHOS TOU PILOTOU NA EINAI XALALITOUS ARKEI POU DEN PATHAN TIPOTA EDW STO BOLO XERWMASTE TA TA BLEPOUME NA PETAN XAMHLA PANW APO TA SPITIA MAS KAI GOUSTAROUME AKSIOI

The important thing is that there are no victims from this incident. Regarding the accident, how it happened, we cannot draw a 100% conclusion from the video, especially since the videographer did not capture the entire maneuver. What one sees is a part of the attempt to unhook the helicopter from a maneuver for which we cannot know under what conditions it was executed in terms of speed, height, etc. It is not right to have conflicts between us about whose view is correct or whatever else everyone thinks. It is sad to read what has been written by some above. It was or was not the fault of the helicopter crew, I remember they weren't flying a recreational flight, but it was an exercise and the mistake is very likely to be made when you fly a weapon system as far as you can at the limits of its envelope.
Quite simply, the pilot didn't have time to pick it up... after the stall turn he attempted, he had a loss of support and realized it too late. When flying at low altitude this can happen. The pilots should be fine to overcome the shock and the irons are fine...
Why so low flying.....????? War conditions ok.....but it's a simple exercise....it kept giving me a manual error.....whatever you want to say...watch the video.....the Apache's tail must have touched the tree ...
Poor pilot, he will be grounded for a while....

the life of our Icarians is more valuable than the helicopter and fortunately they are both fine, I don't know if flying so low at that particular moment was some specific exercise but slowing down the speed of the video to 0.25 I see a very strong angle of attack / nose down probably to get out of the beach and bathing area while at the same time the blades have an abnormal call like when you have power loss and pull full collective in autorotation before crashing down
Are you all going to pull the plug? Enough with the classic smart Greek who knows everything. Become pilots now? The GES has talked about the loss of engine power.
At 0.14 is another helicopter without the radar on the rotor...editing !!!
Fortunately the special forces inflatables were so close and their reaction was immediate. There could not have been a happier fitting than such a bad event. There was no way anyone else could save them, not only was the distance to the helicopter not short, but they would definitely need knowledge and tools to extricate the pilot. Fortunately they had Agio after all.
If anyone has made a crash deck, it's something similar...
I have the impression that it suffered a loss of power and that it is doing a procedure called autorotation. he certainly had the misfortune to bat. if that's the case it's not a handling error
because I have an impression that it was the pilot's fault and not the helicopter as some said
luckily the children were saved...
eftixos

well, guys, so much on the beach, not one was found to run and swim to save the pilots despite all that they were lucky or people were waiting for the boats to go, what can I say!!
