How many boy friends and husband her????

I am so happy after hear this news but jab tak mouni khud kuch announce nahi karti tab tak hame ye news sach manani nahi chahiye

I don&#39;t believe it

She is my favorite actress. 
No Mouni Roy well be not M Mary

But I love mohit and mouni as good couples 

Mohit n Mouni good looking couple

mohit raina mera fevorite tha uske sath shadi krleti

I thought her boyfriend  was Arjun bilanji. But then

who is the lukiest person in the world

Bkvaas
NonononomuniroynononomarrigeiloveyoumouniroydDarling
Nahimouniroynahiimesuyou
Nomarragienonononono

Congratulations  Mouni

Omg why don&#39;t I met her before?

What happened between mouni and mohit raina...They make a cute couple...I miss them together ..

Saqib Ullah Mouniroy job yes no
SaqibUllah Mouniroy you tube video  like subscribe
Acha he nahi to hr hafte boy fren change krte regi ha pyari ladki he mouni mahadev serial me sati k role bahut pyar
Omg omg she is marrying a Malayali From Kerala

Sooraj nambiar is a malayalidaughter in law of al- kerala

Bkvass
She is marrying a malyali being a Bengali... Its a sudden news of Mouni Roy. Congratulations

Sometimes with gaurav something mohit something ayan now she is cheating another guy like in the serial also naagin in real life

I like mouni roy

Nice ️
Loving u mouni and smoky evening . Doing so good and great smoky evening. Good going . Happy married life mouni

Love you

Wow️Mon is going to marryI like her so much So graceful news ofmouni &amp;Happy married lifeI also wish that u want to back Naagin soon

Feeling good Mouni Roy 
I really like her a lot....but, after hearing about connection in SSR case....I hated her completely.....

No I think it&#39;s rumors
18th

God bless you Mouni Roy

Its lie her boyfriend is Ayan Mukherjee

Feeling sad with ayan Mukerji

Happy for Mouni️
Happy for Mouni️
Rip bollywood

i love u smoky eveningscan i get a heart

Congratulations to them

Congratulations Mouni Roy
Third comment  of mine

She is beautiful at least she will get a happy ending during this crisisGod bless y&#39;all from south africa

Hi
