Stream &amp; watch back to back Full Movies only on Eros Now -  <a href="">

Ye kaunsa Dil kaisa Dil bolne ka tarika thoda casual tha 

Priyanka is far far natural &amp; intense in acting than Deepika. Priyanka always proves that she has O+ Blood type 

Konsa dil kaisa dilJo aaj ispa agaya kal uspe agayaThis is why one should never stay attached and love peopleBecause no matter how much you give they will always have something to say your not good enough and leave youFall in Love with work not people

Translation into Malayalamമസ്താനി :താങ്കളെ ഇവിടെ കണ്ടതിൽ ഒരുപാട് സന്തോഷമുണ്ട് കൂടെപിറപ്പേകാശിബായ് : കൂടെപിറപ്പല്ല. പേഷ്വിൻ ബായ്. ഞാൻ റാവുവിന്റെ സ്വന്തം ഭാര്യയാണ്. കാശി ബാജിറാവു ബല്ലാർഡ്.മസ്താനി : ഇത്രയും വർഷത്തെ ബന്ധമുണ്ട്.....കാശിബായ് :അങ്ങനെ എന്ത് ബന്ധമാണ് നമുക്കിടയിൽ ഉള്ളത്...?  പറയൂ..മസ്താനി :അങ്ങ് ആരുടെ ഭാര്യയാണോ അദ്ദേഹം എന്റെയും ഭർത്താവാണ്.കാശിബായ് : ആയിരിക്കാം. ചില കാര്യങ്ങൾ എനിക്കും മനസിലാകും. ഒരു പുരുഷന് സ്വന്തം ഭാര്യ ഉണ്ടെങ്കിലും അയാൾ മറ്റൊരു സ്ത്രീയുടെ കൈപിടിച്ചാൽ അവരെ &quot;രണ്ടാംഭാര്യ &quot; എന്നാണ് പറയുകയെന്നു. അത്തരത്തിൽ രണ്ടാംഭാര്യയുടെ സ്ഥാനം അലങ്കരിക്കുന്നവർക്ക് വലിയ അർത്ഥംമാണ് നമ്മുടെ ഭാഷയിൽ ഉള്ളത്... അത്....മസ്താനി : കാമുകി. എന്നോട് എന്തിനാണീ പരിഹാസം..?കാശിബായ്: അതുകൊള്ളാമല്ലോ. ഈ ചോദ്യം ഞാൻ അങ്ങോട്ട്‌ ചോദിക്കേണ്ടതല്ലേ. ആ ഉദ്ദേശം മനസ്സിൽ വെച്ച് കൊണ്ടായിരിക്കും മറ്റുള്ളവരെ പരിഹസിക്കാനായി   ബുന്ധിൽഘട്ടിൽ നിന്ന് ഈ പൂനെ വരെ വന്നത് അല്ലേ നിങ്ങള്....? ഇതിന് എന്ത് പേരിട്ടു വിളിക്കും മസ്താനിസാഹിബ?മസ്താനി : ഹൃദയം കൊണ്ടുള്ള ബന്ധങ്ങൾക്ക് യാതൊരു മൂല്യവും ഇല്ലന്നാണോ....?കാശിബായ് :ഏത് ഹൃദയം..? എന്ത് ഹൃദയം..? ഇന്ന് വരും നാളെ പോകും.. അത് കഴിഞ്ഞാൽ പിന്നെ...? ഇത്തരം സംസാരം നമുക്ക് ഇവിടം കൊണ്ടു അവസാനിപ്പിക്കാം. ഇല്ലെങ്കിൽ അത് നല്ലതിനാവില്ല.മസ്താനി :ഇത്തരം സംസാരം കൊണ്ട് ഒരു ഗുണവും ഉണ്ടാകാനും പോകുന്നില്ല.കാശിബായ് :ശരിയാണ്. ഇന്ന് ഞങ്ങളുടെ ഉത്സവമാണ്. ഇന്ന് എല്ലാ സ്ത്രീകളും പരസ്പരം ചന്ദനവും കുങ്കുമവും ചാർത്തും മധുരം നൽകും. ഭർത്താവിന്റെ ദീർഘായുസ്സിന് വേണ്ടിയുള്ള പൂജകളും നടത്തും...എന്റെ വാക്കുകൾ നിങ്ങളെ ഒരുപാട് വേദനിപ്പിച്ചു എന്നറിയാം. പക്ഷെ ശനിവാർവാഡയിൽ നിങ്ങൾക്ക് ഇതിനേക്കാൾ മോശപ്പെട്ട കുത്തുവാക്കുകൾ കേൾക്കേണ്ടതായി വരും. പക്ഷെ കേട്ടാലും മനസ് വേദനിക്കരുത്. കാരണം റാവുവിന് നിങ്ങളുടെ ആവശ്യമുണ്ട്. അദ്ദേഹത്തിന്റെ ആവശ്യത്തെ സംരക്ഷിക്കുക എന്നത് എന്റെ കടമയല്ലേ മസ്താനി..?അയ്യോ വന്ന കാര്യം മറന്നു പോയി. ഇതാ എടുക്കു.നിങ്ങളുടെ ഇതേ കൈ അല്ലേ അദ്ദേഹം പിടിച്ചത്? എനിക്കറിയാം.. അദ്ദേഹത്തിന് എന്റെ കൈ പിടിക്കുന്നതിനേക്കാൾ ഉടവാൾ പിടിക്കുന്നതാണ് ഇഷ്ടമെന്ന്. ഇപ്പോൾ ഉടവാളിനേക്കാൾ ഉപരി നിങ്ങളുടെ ഈ കൈയുംമസ്താനി : അദ്ദേഹം എന്റെ കൈ പിടിച്ചിട്ടുണ്ടെങ്കിലും അങ്ങയെ കൈ വിട്ടിട്ടില്ല.അങ്ങുമായുള്ള ബന്ധം തകർത്തിട്ടല്ല എന്നോട് ബന്ധം സ്ഥാപിച്ചിട്ടുള്ളത്. അദ്ദേഹം പറയാറുണ്ട് മസ്താനി തന്റെ ആയുധവും കാശി തന്റെ ശക്തിയുമാണെന്ന്.ഇപ്പോഴും അദ്ദേഹം അങ്ങയെ ഒരുപാട് സ്നേഹിക്കുന്നുണ്ട്. അദ്ദേഹം ബുന്ധിൽഘട്ട് രാജാവിന്റെ സീമന്തരേഖയിൽ സിന്ദൂരം അണിയിക്കാൻ മാത്രമാണ് ആഗ്രഹിച്ചത്..കാശിബായ് : ഇതാ.. എടുക്കൂ.. ചേലയാണ് ഈ ചേല നിങ്ങൾക്ക് നന്നായി ഇണങ്ങും....... വരട്ടെ.....!.

Wish you all happy sunday from kerala...Conversation in Malayalam (just try )Mastani :Thangale ivide kandathil orupadu santhosham koodepirappe..Kashibai :Koodepirappalla. Peshwin bai... Njan raovinte swantham bharyayanu. Kashi bajirao ballard..Mastani : Ithrayum varshathe bandhamund...... Kashibai :Angane enthu bandhamanu nammal thammilullathu..? Parayu..Mastani :Angu aarude bharyayano adheham enteyum bharthavanu.Kashibai :Aayirikkam. Chila karyangal enikkum manasilkum. Oru purushanu swantham bharya undengilum ayaal mattoru sthreeyude kai pidichal avare randam bharya ennanu parayukayennu. Atharathil randam bharyayude sthaanam alankarikkunnavark nammude bhashayil valiya arthamanullathu... Athu....Mastani :kamuki..... Ennodu enthinaanee parihasam..?Kashibai :Athu kollamallo. Ee chodhyam njan angottu chodhikkendathalle..? Aa udhesham manasil vechu kondayirikkum Bundilghatil ninnu ee pune vare vannathu alle ningalu....? Ithine enthu perittu vilikkum mastani sahiba....?Mastani :Hrudayam kondulla bandhangalkku yathoru moolyavumillannano?Kashibai :Ethu hrudayam ..? Enthu hrudayam..? Innu varum nale pokum pinne....?..... Itharam samsaram namukku ividam kondu avasanippikkam. Illengil nallathinavilla athu..Mastani :Itharam samsaram kondu oru gunavum undakanum pokunnilla.Kashibai :sariyanu. Innu njangalude uthsavamaanu. Innu ella sthreekalum parasparam chandanavum manjalum charthum. Madhuram nalkum. Bharthavinte deerkhayusinu vendiyulla poojakalum nadathum..... Ente vakkukal ningale orupadu vedhanippichennu ariyam Mastani.... Pakshe shaniwar vaadayil ningalkku ithinekkal kuthuvakkukal kelkkendi varum. Pakshe kettalum manasu vedhanikkaruthu. Karanam raovinu ningalude avashyamund. Adhehathinte avasyathe samrakshikkuka ennu ente kadamayalle Mastani.....?Ayyo vanna karyam marannu poyi. Itha edukku... ningalude ithe kai alle adheham pidichathu..? Enikkariyam adhehathinu ente kai pidikkunnathinekkal udavaal pidikkananu ishtamennu. Ippol udavaalinenkkal upari ningalude ee kayyum..Mastani :Adheham ente kai pidichittundengilum angaye kaivittittilla. Angumayulla bandham thakarthittalla adheham ennodu bandham sthapichittullathu. Adheham parayarund.. Mastani thante ayudhavum kashi thante sakthiyumanennu. Adheham ippozhum angaye orupadu snehikkunnund. Adheham Bundilghat rajavinte makalude seemantha rekhayil sindooramaniyikkan mathramanu aagrahichathu.Kashibai :Itha edukku. Chelayanu. Ee chela ningalkku nannayi inangum...... Varatte...

Kashi Bai Priyanka Chopra Is The Best

PRIYANKA JUST AWESOME ... OVERPOWER ALL OTHERS

Every time mastaani speaks I want to barf 

Two world class actresses in one frame loved this scene

So strong alone. She is in this fight alone, when her husband married another.

Rao ko tumhari zarurat hay!! Kashi was a goddess!!

Movie should have been named after Kashibai, she is the depiction of  true love. Bajirao mastani aur unka bullshit pyar jaye bhaad me. Bollywood loves extra marital affair, male chavenism, polygamy ( uske bina toh film adhuri) . A male cant survive without having fun with multiple women . Akal dikha dete almost in every film.

Unne hmara hath pkda hai par aapka chhoda toh nhi... Ky bakwas

Doesn&#39;t matter how childish and innocent she was she acted very mature in the scene to handle the situation. No one Could have done it like PC has done.

Log to bas priyasi ko hi yaad rkhte he

Such a powerful movie with two dynamic women and a deeply tormented man in a triangle. The three lead actors were phenomenal.

I never saw the  love of bajirao and mastani infront of Kashi bhai&#39;s pain

Agar kashi bai pati ke hote huye dusre admi ke sath sambandh hote to , unpe *crime petrol* ka episode banta,unpe *charitrahin* hone ka stamp lagta,fir unhe sanskar ki nam pe *mar diya jata*     Or , jab yahi chij bajirao ne ki to isse <b>a great love story</b> ka tag lagake film release ho rahi ha.

I can see in comment section, man are trying hard to justifying their cheating in relationship.

PC &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; DP

Bruh they can have great lesbian sex and threesomes. Win win

Priyanka’s acting 

Observe carefully, initially Priyankas&#39; voice scale was up and at <a href="">1:49</a> she changes it to down she also increases intensity as dialogue demands and again at <a href="">2:13</a> the voice scale and intensity comes to normal. That&#39;s a acting and dialogue delivery. True actress. Deepika should learn something about acting from her. Total monotonous sound in her every dialogue. Overrated actress.

Arman Malik family ki yad dila di ️️

Historically speaking Baji Rao loved Kashi Bai and the marriage to Mastani was political, Mastani had one child and Kashi Bai had 6 to 8 children, the Hindus of those times termed people like Mastani as half castes and treated them horribly, Akbar proposed mughal princesses in marriage to Hindus but they were rejected because non Hindus are termed cast less and half Hindus as half castes.

I think I get it now. Kashi although insulted Mastani by calling her mistress, she basically wanted to make sure that Mastani is ready for more brutal words, she was taking out her frustration but at the same time, cared for her.

Priyanka really done such a heart touching acting with this role i got tears

Acting so good I don’t need subtitles

 Kashibai is GEM

If this movie was made in early 2000s, Kashi would&#39;ve been Madhuri and Aishwarya as Mastani. 

The movie is called Bajirao Mastani but Kashibai stole the show. 

Oh my fucking god. Priyanka has literally eaten this role and both the main actors.

Imagine Aishwarya as Mastani and Priyanka as a Kashibai....this Moment will be Woooow

Hamne to hamari kashi ki love story sunkar bhi unko apna banane ki kasam khai thi aur peshwa ko mastani se bacha tha par aaj bhi hamari life main hamne hamari mastani ko chua tak nahi aur nahi hamse kisiko bacha hey yahi hakikat hey

Priyanka as Kashi is pure love 

️Kaisa dil konsa dil wow what a linekashi dialogue and expression it&#39;s just awesome 

<a href="">1:23</a> superb 

Omg Deepika&#39;s eyes done everything So so deep

lame

Kashibai..,.

Priyanka telling the world who is the boss here.

What was the original dialogue? When mastani says &#39;sindoor jitna jayaz&#39;, she says something else.

Bajirao was a fool to leave a woman like kashi for mastani.

Anyone can translate

Yes it&#39;s true that Priyanka Chopra stole the show but can we also give a moment to appreciate Deepika Padukone.

kounsa dil kaisa dil mannnnnnn

The caption should be kashibai invites mastani in the festival.I believe these are the characters ( real historical characters though but are characters!!)which  had been played in this film by Priyanka and Deepika.So, i believe the  caption must be corrected.As this caption sounds really silly !

Hôtels lol lol

ye kya justification hua mera hath pkda  hai lekin aapka chhora ni

️

Kashibai

PC u stole heart dear

Mujhe priyanka chopra jaisi maratha wife patni chahiye sundar

Deepika se Priyanka ke acting achhi hai.

Priyanka is so talented yrr 

Priyanka

Remember the script was not written by Deepika or Priyanka. No point bashing/praising them over the content.

Looking at kashi bai it shows how strong women are hatts off

Awesome stars Mastani and Bajirao

Priyanka smacked it! Brilliant acting!

&quot;kaunsa dil? Kaisa dil?&quot; Priyanka as Kashibai won me!

Are ghamand ahe mala majya Maharashtra var ani yaha movie madhe jevha marathi shabda aikto ani dailoug aikto na ase vatata ki kahi nasle tari chalel pan Deva majya Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj che he Marathi rajya asech rahu de

Hi

Okaai,  don&#39;t come after me,  it&#39;s my personal opinion. I respect deepika and her achievements but I feel like in some scenes she&#39;s way too stone faced.  I mean I understand that she&#39;s trying to portray a very strong character but somehow I find her acting kinda artificial wheres priyaka looks so natural,  and she can express so much through her eyes even aishwarya in devdas,  something is just pure and natural but I don&#39;t find that quality in deepika,  even in this film,  deepika was great but priyanka completely overshadowed her everytime they were together.  Just my opinion 

Kashibai ki thilk karnysay hi bajirao ballal war jithy thy because she is lucky for Peshwa bajirao

is it just me who notices that Deepika&#39;s lips say &quot;...Bundelkhand ki iss najayas beti ko PESHWAI jitna jayaz bana diya&quot; but the voice is &quot;...SINDOOR jitna jayaz&quot;

2022... Still here Don&#39;t want any kusu kusu or paani paani

Threy all acted well but I like Priyanka s kasibai tge most.

Kaunsa dil, kaisa dil ....Priyanka just killed this scene by her acting️

Priyanka.looking so beautiful and her dialogue 

Nice acting of deepika

2.53 mein jo dialogue hai sindur jitna jayas bana dia....waha pe Dipika is saying Biswas not sindur that lip is not matching with her voice/dialogue

Anyone else feel like Mastani was talking total nonsense in this scene…people used to marry more than once during those times so it is understandable to have Mastani over there but for her to say UNHONE AAPKO NAHI CHODA,AAPSE AAJ BHI PYAAR KARTE HAI! like what the hell,shut up b***h! Let’s call a spade a spade! Yes you are the wife,yes he loves you but he had a family back home when he did whatever he did in Bundelkhand and he left Kashi for you!In no ways can you justify what your actions led to and expect KASHI TO UNDERSTAND….you did break a family and that’s a fact! Atleast have some respect for Kashi and admit what you did was wrong!

In this whole movie i jst kept watching Kashi️

Hamari society me aurat aur aadami dono ke liye alg alg rules hai...agr aadmi 100 galtiya bhi kre to sahi hai lekin aurat galti nhi kr sakti koi bhi...

Cute

+️=माफ कर दो

Why no one is appreciating Deepika as Mastani ?? She was so underrated in this movie for her acting . At the end of movie I felt sad for kashi and Mastani both because of Bajirao and society both had to face many things

<a href="">2:45</a>

Bhaji rao cheated kashi. He never loved kashi.This is so simple

I am priyanka rani so I like priyanka chopra.

Nice movie



Priyanka&#39;s marathi accent is soooooo good.. It seems she is marathi by birth!! Pc literally killed this scene 

Priyanka and Deepika r both supremely talented actors, yes Kashi as a character was better than Mastani but u can&#39;t blame Deepika for it as it&#39;s stupid to do.Both of them portrayed their character marvelously

I can&#39;t take my eyes from Priyanka she is just amazing

️

Priyanka kha gai deepika ko iss seen me

Priyanka&#39;s Marathi accent is so on point

Priyanka was exceptionally brilliant in this role️️️️️️

Deepika was amazing is this scene.....

हमे तुम्हारे हाथो से ज्यादा तलवार पकड़ना पसंद है। ️

Puri movie me sabse best acting priyanaka ki h

Imagine if these two fell in love and left Bajirao in tge the corner.

The way priyanka changed  her tone in this scene....the voice modulation was awesome....its beyond perfection.....hatsoff  mam......

This movie and these scenes remind me of Syeraa ! Nayanthara as Siddhamma too gets to know that her husband had a love and at Lakshmi&#39;s death, she even honours her as recognizing her as Lakshmi Narasimha!

<a href="">1:23</a> ️

How cud priyanka be so perfect and flawless....man.....i watch this scene only and only and only for priyanka.....just love her expressions man

The role of mastani should have been played by Aishwarya rai

Sanjay leela bhansali tried very hard to make mastani a role model but audiences choose real role model called kaashi

&quot;Deepika has flat expressions and zero acting skills&quot; bullshits!! Listen the crack in her voice and emotion coming from it. And of course teary eyes. And yes PC she&#39;s the best.

jst look the way she is leaving from her chamber......it has it own perfection of how a simple marathi girl leaves

she is the person who really know the meaning of LOVE......ofc bajirao and mastani had a gr8 rltn and loved each other........but bajirao and mastani canT love lyk kashibai did in her entire life .........(bajirao also loved kaashibai jst lyk he loved mastani &quot;HE HELD MASTANI&#39;S HAND WITHOUT LETTING GO KHASHIBAI&#39;S&quot;)

According to me priyanka is real hero

Does this gives anyone the Paro meets Chandramukhi scene of Devdas vibes ️

In this scene Deepika is a big Zero. Priyanka eats her alive with her acting. &quot;Kaunsa Dil Kaisa Dil&quot; ️️

Deepika was the lead but Priyanka did a far better job!

I just love priyanka she is beautiful and just wow

Here after watching the movie kasi role   So painful to watch i feel it  Mastani  Right person always suffer truth of life

PC is a amazing package of entertainment, talent and her aura is just fabulous

I felt so sorry for Kashibai

Priyanka acting is superb.

Priyanka is lit, she had done a wonderful job as kashi bai cahracter , loved her dilogue delivery.️

इस पूरे फिल्म में सबसे बढ़िया एक्टिंग प्रियंका चोपड़ा की ही हुई है

Pure marathi accent performaned by Priyanka.️

Looking like sisters

Okay watching this scene in anything less than 1080p is a disgrace. Period

Nice seen meri।sadi ho gyi hai or।meri bhi ek।gfd hai mere ghar aa gyi hai yese hi ladti।rehti hai

This must be the most loved character played by priyanka...more than any other movie of her&#39;s

Shanivar wada mai tumhe isse bhi gandi baate sunneko milengi..tum sunna..par apna dill maila mat karna..awesome dialogue

Sajay leela bhansali is a king maker. His each &amp; every movie,  each &amp; every scene of the movie will be awesome. Moreover he himself composes the music as well. Writes story &amp; scripting, screenplay,  direction, in every aspect, his work is incredible. He is second Satya jit Ray of Indian cinema.

Priyanka obliterated Deepika in every scene they had together...

Priyanka ate up everyone else in this movie... Priyanka just completely stole every scene she was in. She was a standout.

Sautan . Sautan hi hoti hai

Two desi women in one frame

Deepika is looking breathtaking 

Ye hindustan me aisa hi hota hai, jo aurat  apne pati or pariwar ke liye sab kuch kar Beth te hai per unhe kya mita hai gali, dhoka , or santavana or kuch bhi nahi. This is true.

Priyanka ️ can&#39;t take eyes from her performance

One thing to b notice is this that both the actress have love marriage n both r happy ️

Priyanka overshadowed deepika ... she is a real talent

Which movie is this

I don&#39;t know why do I feel like...Deepika is speaking dialogues with a bland face where as Priyanka&#39;s each dialogue and face describe emotions of Kashi Bai ... Loved her acting...

I love it ds scene

Op Acting No need of nepotism in Bollywood Who agree?

प्रियंका दीपिका से ज्यादा अच्छी लगती है

Priyanka has this expression of dumb, innocence and purity on her face that beats all

The name of the movie should have been Kashibai not bajirao mastani...The lone performance of priyanka outweighs the performance of ranveer and deepika togethet.

Ooo pc you are great

Musalman Ka BAAP.....Only Balasaheb Thackeray आमचे देव बाळासाहेब

Never ever should any girl become mastani.....

Kashi bai is the best aspect of the movie

<a href="">0:06</a> socho agar ye avaz raat ko aaye to

Watched this movie only to see Priyanka&#39;s power packed performance

Bullshit.....

Love&#39;you priyanka

Jitni taareef karu is movie ki,,utni kam h ....️ Heart touching line-&quot; Rav ko tumhari jarurt hai,,aur unki jarurt ka khayal rakhna hamari jrurt h&quot; ......

Yes ur correct

When I heard  the dialog rahu ko tumari jarurat  he aru  unki jarurat  ka khayal rakhna hamari  jarurat he from the mouth of priyanka Chopra  movement occured in my heart .This    dialog really shows how a wife becomes happy by fulfilling needs of husband  .priyanka way of expressing dialog        what a impressive  and heart touching  .Dialogue in this movie are so meaningful but their message are only become heart touching by the impressive acting of priyanka Chopra. All credited for success of this movie  goes to her.l am your great fan you will not count me as millions of fans  you have but for me you are the best  although millions of actresses over the world.

️

Madhuri dixit in Devdas and Priyanka in this Bajirao Mastani overshadowed main leads ... 

Chala laws.......... excellent

To be honest, this incident cannot be justified by love, let&#39;s just admit that Rao and Mastani both were full of lust and selfishness. Kashi is a victim who never lived her life.

love happens..poochke nahi aathe

Kon sa dil kesa dil 

Priyanka 

Polygamy sucks.... 

Pc this lady can play anything love u mm

A Woman Can Share Her Everything.. But Not Her Man, Who She Truly Love&#39;s.. And It Doesn&#39;t Matter Which Generations We Are In.. A True Woman&#39;s Heart Will Never Accept That Reality!

Whoooooo kyaa kehena issss dilog ko superb 

priyanya ki action

Priyanka nailed it this character. I am becoming her huge fan.

Ak wife ak gf rkhna kese shi hai Konsa pura konsa rishta hai

The name of the movie should be changed to &quot; Kashibai&quot; .

Priyanka is best

PC must win Oscar for this movie

Y kaise defination btayi mastani ne Isse achha pyar word hi na ho duniya m Mera love b khta hai sadi krke tum pyaar ho mera or wo wife Me ni samjhh payi or dur ho gyi... Koi smjhh rha ho to mujhe b btaye???

Priyanka chopra ️️️️️️️️️️

Omg PC u r such an amazing actress. U nailed the role as KashiBai

Priyanka is the most talented Bollywood actress and this scene proves it.

Sooo how do you feel after getting off all the jewellery from the face.. phew

Bajirao literally deserved a slap after saying that he liked both of them equally like if you loved first then no need of second .Huh?And Mastani don&#39;t she have self respect like marrying a cheater and getting hatred from society if you had self respect you won&#39;t leave place like that.

Heyy guys did u observe priyanka said ok

️

Pc. 

Kashibai biggest heart

<a href="">2:58</a> she says Peshwa jitna jayaz

Absolutely HORRIBLE example of behavior of a woman ( Deepika).Comes to a married man, who has a lawful wife and a child and proclaims herself HIS WIFE.Priyanka BEST WORK.WHAT an honorable woman!!!

in whole flim  I didn&#39;t fell bad for Bajirao mastani , I only fell bad for kashi bai

PC was better than deepika, she deserved more credit for this movie

Rao ko tumhari zarurat hau, aur unki zarurat ka kheyal rakhna humari zarurat hai. Bro.

Sach kahe to humko kashi k liye bahut bura lagta h Bajirao ek achhe pati nhi h Mastani ki mohobbat me wo kashi ke pyar samarpan sab kuchh bhul gye

Priyanka is like cherry on cake on every scene

Bajiraw mastani mowi

Eventhough the title is BAJIRAO MASTANI...buut...I love Kashi the most in this movie. You nail it Pri 

They both did very well my favorite was deepika but in this movie I like priyanka 

Priyanka chopra went so underrated in this movie. In my opinion, she was better than both the actors.

You guys can watch this movie in JIO TV with English subtitles..

In this movie.....Priyanka&#39;s acting is bestAnd salute to kashibai

Priyanka ko iske liye national award nhi mila, milna chahiye tha, lekin ye bhi sach h ki aajkl national  sirf acting k lie aur bhi bahot kuchh krne k liye diya jata h, nhi to ye kirdaar to national award and kai aur award  deserving tha

Kaun sa dil kaysa dil rahu de awesome priyanka 

Is picture me agar kangana Ranaut hoti to phir iss pic ki baat ar achhi hoti,Kangana Ranaut se accha koi accha actress nhi h is bullywood me

No matter how hard the movie tried to justify Bajirao &amp; Mastani’s love, what they did to Kashi was cruel, disgusting, &amp;  unacceptable.



Wear can I watch this movie

Everyone is comparing kashibai and mastani even today i can&#39;t decide this....felt sad for both... it&#39;s Peshwa who did wrong with both !! 

Priyanka speaks Marathi very beautifully️

Kya bt hii mastani sahiba ki hm kisi ko bahut pyar kre or bo v hme utna hi prem kre fr kuchh time bad bo kisi or ko chahne lage to e kaisa prem hii jo aj hmpr kl kisi or pr aa jaye..or fr e kahe ki aj v ap mere ly wahi to bhayi dusri ki jrurt hi kyo padi.......bs ek bt ki dusra aaye v to phle ka sth nhi chhoda e upkar kr dya or mahan bn gye hiinna..bah re premmm..bahhhh..

One of my favourite movie, everything excellent, will not expect anything better than this, hats of sanjay leela bhanshali for making such a excellent movie

Plz upload full movie

I know I&#39;m not supposed to compare, but priyanka&#39;s acting remains superior.

Vary nice p c maydam ke acting

Kashi is win my heart

খুব সুন্দর

This story is of Bajirav peshwa-2Not bajirav peshva..

&quot; unhone hamara hat pakda hain par apka choda toh nehi&quot; I mean seriously..this line is not acceptable in any sense...

Priyanka lived in the character of kaashibai. One of the greatest performance of her.

Kaunsa Dil...?.....OMG....U jus killed it.....

Amazing acting 

Self respect is most important. Kashi should have left her husband when she didn&#39;t love him anymore. No one can accept such dishonor . I am glad we are in a time when women will leave their husbands keeping their self respect above all.

Y full movie Kaha milegi plz koi btado

Dipika nice

Priyanka&#39;s acting skills can&#39;t be touched by anyone

Devdas is best

Omg PC &#39;s accent ...she can nail any accent️️️

This Movie Was showing wrong history,Queens Of the peshwas didn&#39;t dance like this .

What a acting  priyanka

The movie should have been titled &quot;Kaashibai&quot; ! For me she was the real hero... Deepika n Ranveer were the supporting stars. Take a bow PC - you were stupendous! Dunno why Bhansali doesn&#39;t cast PC as his lead heroine.. She would have totally rocked in Padmavati and the soon to be released Gangubai.

Priyanka&#39;s eyes and her expression speaks louder than Deepika&#39;s dialogue. She was phenomenal in this movie.

Agar koi aur hota tu kashi ka role ko wazan dar nai banapata it&#39;s Priyanka who did it amazing

Shameless mastani!

Mastani and rao are the heartbrakers of kashi

Priyanka overshadow

Why does Deepika&#39;s character feel like she is just reading the script?Priyanka is in another level of acting.

Mastani. Bajirao. K. Liye. Upwastr. Sahi. Payar. Wafa. Kise. Kahete. Nice. ️

I respect women like Kashibai. All respects to Kashibai for real that woman handled the situation so well with the infidelity of her husband. Royal or not she is an inspiration. I cannot say anything as for Bajirao or Mastani because Kashibai has suffered a lot. With three people in a marriage it becomes crowded and suffocating. I don&#39;t pity Kashibai no never she deserves empathy not sympathy and a strong level headed woman like her deserves anything but our pity. Raja ki Rani kehlane layak toh bas aap he thi Kashibai aur koi nahi.

Deepika best

Oh bhaii kya acting krii h reee gajaab bosss!!!!

The movie is basically a story of destroyed family in the name of love. Everything in this world is a choice, including love. Mastani could have a better choice for the peace of many humans including her loved one. She literally destroyed his happiness..as he was already having a wonderful family. Even look at how the story ends!!

Prinanka is write

What Bajirao did was Infidelity. There is no excuse to that...

Priyanka represents all the Indian married women with polygamy... sad part is that both women are suffering and don’t know whom you can support... really sad part is this situation is still reality in the world.. respect to PC and Deepika..

Deepika was the lead actress but priyanka over powered her with her acting and she changed the meaning of supporting actress

One of the my favorite movie

Ufff just have a look on Priyanka&#39;s acting.Dipika is just nothing infront of Priyanka

Yes thik boli hae aaj ye nahi tho kal our vo ni tho koi or

Prachi

Aap. Ka. Aana. B. Bematlab. Ka. Hoga. Nice. Dilong. ️

<a href="">2:19</a>

Both women are right in their own places. A person who is wrong is peshwa bajirao ballad

No human on this earth can love 2 people at one time...... Stop this glorified way of cheating

She basically told &quot;dont think about what people will think. Instead, concentrate on your goal&quot;.......

The way she handled the mess

Kaasi ....and her words like sword

In this movie they tried to show the love between bajirao and mastani. And all i could see is helpless kashi...  She is the real hero in this movie 

Kaun sa dil, kaisa dil aaj ispe aagya kl us pe agya.... Amazing role played by priyanka

Kashi is the best

Bada ehsaan kar dia bhai baji rao ne jo mastani ka haat pakda magar kaashi nhi choda aur mastani se pyaar kia magar kaashi se rishta nhi toda. This man doesn&#39;t deserve love of any lady

I wish Kashibai and Mastani would&#39;ve been in love with each other, they would make a great couple/company. Bajirao might be a good warrior but he didn&#39;t deserve hearts of these great women.

It&#39;s easy to empathize with Kashi&#39;s character- but it&#39;s remarkable, that most of the blame seems to be directed at Mastani, not Baji Rao. Whether Mastani knew he was married or not, HE knew. Rao knew he was married, but still went ahead and married Mastani, when he offered her his dagger, saying, &quot;Dil toh Peshwa ke paas bhi hai&quot;. Back then, powerful men, regardless of their religion, had multiple wives and maintained harems. We cannot impose our values and sensibilities of today, onto things that happened centuries ago. As far as the actresses go, our tendency to empathize with Kashi has a role to play in the general dismissal of DP&#39;s performance. PC did an amazing job, no question- but in this particular scene, watch DP&#39;s face: It goes from a vulnerability and hope, when she sees Kashi with the haldi-kumkum, like, &quot;Oh, is she willing to accept me?&quot;, to a heartbreaking resignation when she says, &quot;Rakhail&quot;. Again, remember, in that day, powerful men had multiple WIVES- they had concubines, too, but Rao called Mastani his WIFE. Given that her role was not the sympathetic one, given that the punchier dialogues went to PC, you cannot deny DP&#39;s superlative skills. Of course, it&#39;s fashionable right now to bash on her because of her political stances or because she might have smoked pot- which, is a ridiculous reason to do that, but, hey- she&#39;s laughing all the way to the bank for a reason!

The line &quot;Rao kehte hain, Mastani tum hamari prerna ho aur Kashi hamari takat&quot; just rubs me the wrong way. I mean if he truly felt that way, why would he not say it to Kashi? And you know what the worst part is, had Rao been more empathetic towards Kashi and spent some time with her as well, Kashi would&#39;ve accepted Mastani with open arms. Such bullshit. I agree with Kashi. Kaunsa dil? Kaisa dil?

Koi except nhi krega apne pati ko kisi or ka hota hua dekkhe

Priyanka is love

Priynka

Deepika is more beautyful and have good height

Superb conversation

Fck bajirao. Mastani and Kashi should&#39;ve run away together. Two beautiful ladies

Kitni bhi shayad nafrat ho kashi bai k dil mein mastani k liye.......par maa ka dil bhi tha shamsher k liye......Maaein hoti hi aisi hai.......

Priyanka nailed it here unlimited love for pc

Love u pc️️

Priyanka chopra 

More than 1 wife is hardly something new. Take the history of indian subcontinent and most princes, kings and rajas had more than 1 wife. Take even important figures in Hinduism like Krishna and Ram&#39;s father. Only having 1 wife is quite a recent movement in indian subcontinent tbh.

priyanka

priyanka looking mor enetural actinr than dipika thas sign of real actor when you face off them

Priyanka 

Priyanka Chopra  nailed it

This scene is a prefect example for those brainless people who want polyamory to be made legal. When we cannot manage one partner itself, then it&#39;s impossible to think about another one. When priyanka says &quot;Kaisa dil kaunsa dil, dil aaj is pe kal us pe...&quot;. This sums up perfectly.

Mastani sayibha tum thisra banke ayi ho tho kashi  bai hath bajirao no kis muse chode. ..masthani sahibha apki hat thalvar pakadi hogi par asli yodha kashi haiii jino ne zindagi ke jang jeethi hai vo bhi banjiraoo ki Bina

Is film ki lead deepika ni priyanka thi, usne btaya ram ese hi purshottam ni the unhone apni patni ka darja seeta k alawa kisi ko ni diya tha agr ek ldki apni jindagi shadi k bad apne pati ko de deti h to ek aadmi ko b apna jeevan patni ko samarpit kr dena chahiye

Kya biwi hai yaar

This is a method of acting. People talk shit and compare Deepika and Priyanka, when both are on different levels. Priyanka is on much more higher level. She cares about quality not quantity. This is second time Priyanka has outdone an overhyped actress ( Kareena Kapoor).Deepika is good but she has a long way to go.

Who are here in 2021‍

It&#39;s not a festival.. haldi kuknku is more traditional kitty party sort of thing.. only that women wear sarees

Always men can have many lover women cant , women should come in the field of scripts writing

Mastani and bajirao were so selfish and devoid of empathy.

Yes but  her ( kashi Bai) culture doesnt permit to fall for other manBut Mastani  could do, it was her culture

I like the seane

Wow man I literally cried watching PC 

Only Priyanka 

Hamara haat pakerne se jyada pasand h ussko talwar pakkerna pasand h or talwar se jyada tumhari haat...Line of pain

Priyanka Chopra actually nailed this scene

It&#39;s easy to say mastani was wrong or Bajirao did mistake... It will b always a grey part of life where people never accept it ... It&#39;s right or wrong.... Getting married in childhood and living in battle field  Bajirao fall in love with mastani .... He was clear but the this society step n started the battle ... Battle to keep there views on them.... Wht they got being a part .. who was happy ... Always understand people have a part of life where we have to accept it..

Love u piryanka love u so machh

Kashi is the strong character... Priyanka did very well more than Deepika

Hear me out, we can appreciate both of them without demeaning the other. Let&#39;s be honest Deepika and Priyanka are queens! Nobody could&#39;ve done this better.

I appreciate mastani for her braveness. She was a warrior princess and she was a brave fighter for her land. That&#39;s one thing I liked about Mastani and she was a good mother also.But I loved Kashi more than Mastani. She was a normal house wife and took care of her children and family members. She was not powerful like Mastani. But she had patients to face all sorrows. She was very kind hearted person that&#39;s why she saved Mastani and her son&#39;s life.That was the strongest  power of her character.

⚘⚘

U r great Kashi .

Priyanka Priyanka i salute you, i have not watch the film but i know you will do better and great in this your film. Because you are a good Actress

Chala lava....

Aksar hi kehte hai that agr apke sath apka pyar ho or puri duniya against hi to kuch fark nhi prhta..But agr apka pyar hi apka na ho to puri duniya ka pyar bhi km prh jata h..So ya kashi&#39;s pain definitely more than Mastani&#39;s pain

No one will appreciate the love of Mastani and Bajirao...But everyone can feel the pain and love of khasi...

Kashi bai was actually on the right wing.

Priyanka did justice to the role of Kashibai. She was hundred times better than the lead actress, Deepika

Love isn&#39;t just feeling, it&#39;s also a commitment.

Priyanka really made kashibhai legendary before this movie nobody have noticed her or her pain, Priyanka is really spectacular actress

Priyanka is great... Aisi koi aurat nhi kr skti h....

2021 Kon dekh raha h Yaar like Karo 

Saddam Bhai mohobbat Allah ki taraf see bahut badi nemat hai kisi se bi hoa pakeeza clean hoa koi faraib jhoot lalach hawas  izzat hoa wahi sahi hai

Just loved Priyanka in this

Priyankais best everrrrrr

I love kashibai 

&quot;Peshwa ko aapki zarurat hai..aur unki zarurat ka dhyaan rakhna..hamari zarurat&quot;in this movie i saw true love of kashi..instead of bajirao and mastani..which was pure and sefless..She fulfilled her responsibility and took care of bajirao&#39;s need..even after his betrayal...

Please ye scene dekhao behin the onscreen shoot. Deepika and Priyanka saath saath mai shoot behind the screen ko leao ji.

Pc is to good

Kamaal hai bai superb

Priyanka owns the scene. Kashibai  Honestly, I liked priyanka and ranveer more. Deepika had great lines but somehow they just came flat.

Oh m g. priyanka nailed it...

The only thing which make me sad was kashi sadness

I like priyanka 

Deepika has no acting skills idk why is she overrated as mastani.Priyanka stole the show from her. I NEVER knew Priyanka was a phenomenal actress until I watched This movie.

Chandramukhi naam hai na tumhara ? Log humhe mastani bhi bulate Hain. Ek baat mat bhoolna..mastaniyon ki taqdeer mein shauharat nahi hoti

Yahi haath pakdte hain na wo tumhara ️️

Deepika plz be back we want to see you.

Ye toh wahi baat hui.... Guest appearance main aayi Rani Mukherjee aur heroine ban gayi Kajol..... 

Mastani bai Kya bolti jarahihe rista kiu tode rahu rista to kashi ne todna Chahiye thaa per uhh yesa nahi hain kiu ki kashi ke achhi patni dharam nivarihihe

Kon sa dil , kaisa dil . I love this line

Great scene n dialogues. Priyanka jee n Deepika jee r the most professional actress of their respected fields. All the best n lots of love to both of u from Nepal. God bless 2 both of u a lot. Thanks.

Unhone hamara hath pakra he..par apka chora to nehi.....the lines of Deepika....️️️

Love u piryanka

Queens of bollywood

Madhuri or Ashwaria ka ziada mazy ka hai

Priyanka acting superb

Deepika queen

Even in today era muslim men can keep 4 wives thanks to liberals of india... Now they are commenting mastani cheated about mediaeval period 

That&#39;s betrayal

Only Priyanka

I am back g fan of Priyanka ma&#39;am... Better dancer actor then dipika

priyanka ki neck k back side pe b thora makeup lga dena tha

Everyone praises Deepika in bajiro mastani..but I find Priyanka spectacular in this movie.

Am here for the most beautiful creature on earth,Deepikahow does it feel to be Gods favorite????

Peshwa. Ki. Bhahta  patni. He. Ham. Supar.  ️️️️️.  Rao. Ko. Mastani. Ki. Zarurt. He. Supar. ️

Whats the guranatee if the king could fall in love after the iind queen too??

Reminds me of princess Diana and Camilla.Diana had lunch wth her

Priyanka is the best

tall people have a hard time dancing because they get tired easily but deepika padukone did those difficult steps so effortlessly i must say. her foot was swollen and she had back pain but she managed it so well,2 thumbs up to her. i must say she put her soul in that song something that only madhuri or sridevi could do in their times.

Mastani basically had no respect for herself!

Deepika   Plays the worst roles and all the wrong  characters

Well..yes just a movie.Right..But even  as a normal person,,I would never be able to select Deepika&#39;s role.Anyws Superb acting no doubt by both....

Why only one who&#39;s loyal gets replaced?

Ranveer Ranveer hi lga deepika deepika hi lga magar priyanka 

Koun saa dil kaisa dil 

Pc rocks

Priyanka is the best actress of our times She stole the show in this movie

Dp

Imagine this happens in this age, and the sidekick says is because of loveI will be like then die bi**ch

Aap jiski patni hai wo humare bhi pati hai

Ye scene is movie ko dubara dekhne ke liye bechain kr deti hai

I don&#39;t know but I was crying while listening Kashibai&#39;s dialogues....

Awesome and natural acting by PC

what a scene! priyanka took the lead in this scne, what an act,amazing

When she said something like&quot; Rao na hmara hath pakra hai magar apka chora to nhi hai &quot; I was like stopppp bitch you better stopppppp stopppp(insert meme) WTF is this logic I&#39;ve definitely throw that heavy thaali at her face Like wth is this logic

It shows that Priyanka Chopra is superior and so much better than Depika.

Plzz upload full movie

Feeling the pain of kashibai

Kaunsa dil???? Kaisa dil!! This line PC you stole our heart 

If kashibai had fallen love with another man and brought him inn palace!!! King would have never accepted and even have punished her brutelly but what about kadhibai!!!

They both love bajirao so much that&#39;s the reason why peshwa bajirao never defeated by enemy

Deepee &amp; peecee

Hamara hath pakda hai..par apka chhoda to nhi..this was just amazing dialogue by DP..

&quot;Rao ko tumhari jarurt haiAur unki jarurt ka khayal rakhna Hamari zarurt hai....&quot; Whoa whoa.. what a &quot; pativrata&quot; lady

2 legends of Indian cinema are in one scece

Priyanka is the best

This daylog is best

kaunsa dil? kaisa dil? jo aaj iss pe aa gayaa kal uss pe aa gayaa. yahaa pe yahaan pe aise be matlab ki batein nahi hoti.i dunno. that hit hard.

I think Kashi is right Kashi bai ke saath galat hua

Pc is amazing actor

Ha..thik kaha zodha ko v Rakhail hi khte h. Rukyaa Innocent thi. Usne v thik kiya us zodha bhai k saath

Priyanka is much better actor than deepika

This movie is so emotional 

This Movie&#39;s name should be KashiBajirao...Instead of BajiraoMastani....Bcz Kashi was the Loyal and honest character of this Epic historical Movie

This scene is 100 times better than alia&#39;s whole career

This scene is iconic

Respected Sri Sanjay leela bhansali sir,and Eros production house,I wrote one human emotions story with the inspiration of &quot;RAMAYANA MAHAAKAVYAM&quot;, &quot;VEER-ZAARA&quot;, &quot;SAAGARA SANGAMAM&quot;, &quot;ARADHANA&quot;, &quot;MUDHAL MARIYAADAI&quot;, This is a pure Lovestory, between one innocent illiteracy person RAMA (JRNTR sir) and Doctor SEETHA (Nayanathaara gaaru),To know my story, in YouTube please type &quot;KONDETI PRODUCTIONS&quot;for correct spelling, please type only, you can watch my cinema story narration videos in HINDI VERSION, ENGLISH VERSION, TELUGU VERSION, with all your blessings, I will become a Director, and you will watch the cinema in theatres, jai sriram jai jai sriram jai jai Seetha Ram.

i love you priyanka chopra

Hit like if you liked priyanka&#39;s acting more than dipika&#39;s

PK broke my heart with this scene

They both are queens

@4QYAvisit here for interesting facts about history

@4QYAvisit here for interesting facts about history

@4QYAvisit here for interesting facts about history

I love mastani

never keep two women in illusion, keep things clear

ab ye bhi decide ho gya ki mastani budelkhand ki najayaz beti thi...ha baithe baithe kuch bhi bana lo!

who is watching in 2020? one like plz

both are my favourite...

Logics as per by Mastaani : unhone hamara haath pakdaa he ..par aapke chodha to nahi ...!

Deepika ka dialogue that one humara haath pakra hai appko chora yoh nhi is too good

Kashibai ka roll jitna achha PC ne kiya h utna achha shayad hi koi actress kar Pati . That&#39;s why I loved PC 

Who else came after watching Kal mere sadi pe juice gira tha song..

If Shakuntala Devi and gunjan saxena movies were given to Priyanka Chopra ...the movies would have been super hit....she lives the character 

Priyanka&#39;s acting is outstanding in this film. Her acting is out of Deepika&#39;s league, She&#39;s so adorable as well..

Скажите пожалуйста как фильм называется?

I wonder how an extra maritial affair can be made such a great love story. It should be a story where kashi is the central character as she is the good one here

Back then men had no respect for women. A man can have as much as wives he want .Women were accessories for men. Just sit still and look pretty.

Oo god PC u r awesome...deepika is beautiful but acting skills was low than PC....seeing PC we fill the pain she had even without speaking....n mastani though speaking i cant understand wht was that

I didnot like that Mastani being a girl came to bajiro forcefully even knwing he was married n kashi was his childhood love....n like the way Kashi left him with her though she was hurt....kashi role was superb n PC act made it more loveable

Nice

Priyanka.... You are fabulous

In this movie story is changed mastani dint came here for love but her father gave her to peshva for his security here there was no love between mastani and bajirao it was just a deal between them in this movie history is changed so Sanjay Leela bhansali ko maar Mili jab vo padmavati ki movie Bana Raha tha kyu ki go iss story ko bhi na change karde 

Priyanka chopra and Deepika padukone both are beautiful and talented actress.

Priyanka and Deepika I also know Hindi, my mom also knows Hindi

Priyanka chopra is the most beautiful girl...My favourite heroin...

Priyanka best

Wat a acting by priyanka  between deepika is so expressionless

Haa love you  

Deepika&#39;s acting is awesome in this scene - her calmness and watery eyes that speak volume!!! What an excellent actress! I don&#39;t think anyone can do it better.

When I first read rau novel my heart straightly gone with kashabai...nd priyanka gave fully justice to her..I will always admire kashi bai.. nd sometimes I feel nothing is good enough for men even after  having such good wife like her he fall for other

Line pc kounsa dil kaise dil ....Saala lao..

Kashi is the best role played by PC

The time when men&#39;s had many wives and women&#39;s were loyal to husbands 

This snap chat add is very irritating

هل هناك عرب 

Priyanka rocks

After Sridevi, Madhuri and Aishwarya Rai it&#39;s Deepika and Priyanka who are in the same league... They all are great actresses...

Priyanka Chopra acting skill is so amazing

Both are queens

Priyanka totally killed Deepika in this scene with her acting 

Star of this movie is &#39;Priyanka&#39;...in this scene or any other scene where ever she is...we cant take eyes off her...deepika no where matches her acting , emotion , energy . Over rated deepika .

All appreciate kashi who had played by priyanka chopra ,her journey is long but why don&#39;t appreciate deepika padukone who played mastani greatly by her just short journey...god bless u both..

This scene has a separate fan base. What an amazing and dialogue delivery by PC

सामने aaja अकेले मै बात करते हैं

Kashi bai did want a girl would do in that situation

Priyanka nailed it. She was brilliant in this movie. Better than Deepika.

Both are equally amazing in this scene tbh...but  damn deepika has some amazing eyessss !

Love priyanka

Priyanka is powerful in acting and Deepika is powerful in dancing. I love them both.

Kashi bai or mere khani ek he hai pati or sasural   ki khushi k liye dusre wife ko b  seh rhe hu  pyaar krte hu apne jaan se bhi jyada 1 nhi ek lakh galtiya maaf kar sakte hu apne pti ki. Bas sasural me buri ban jau ki sab dusre wife ko apna le   fir  khud unko  chod k khi Chale jaunge sirf un dono ki khushi k liye.

Has anyone noticed Priyanka&#39;s eyes when mastani says &quot;Rakhel&quot; priyanka with her eyes says&quot;Bang on...good dat you only said it&quot; it&#39;s a sadistic pleasure in her eyes...she is sad dat Bajirao loves mastani and pleasure coz in kashibai&#39;s eye mastani is still a second wife or to kore appropriately another women in her man&#39;s life...wow priyanka...Hands down you not I ly own this scenes and the screen but you also own this movie...like or comment if you agree

Why deepika is so overrated while in this scene we can see the difference between their expressions and acting skill..In padmavat and this movie deepika&#39;s expressions were all same and they can be anyone&#39;s reaction but not a Queen&#39;s..You will understand if you felt or read history deeply with heart and soul...No offence to her but she was not like a queen in any of these movie

Saala lao..love pc ... amazing voice f Priyanka Chopra..



Love for Priyanka my favorite actress ️

Thats why I dont like complicated relationships

Priyanka just nailed it..

Rightly said by hina khan in an interview from bollywood hungama &#39;aap pc ko quantico mein dekhiye , ya phir kashi bai ke roop mein dekhiye , she just deserves 10 on 10 , matlab jo versatility hai un mein , woh kamaal ki hain&#39;

Pura dard hai priyanka ki awaz me kashibai ka

This scene has a seperate fan base️ priyanka is so amazing!

I don&#39;t know how Priyanka has mastered Marathi accent, she was good in Kaminey and superb in this one.....not many actresses can do this even after practicing or living in Mumbai for their entire life.The way she says &quot; Chala laava&quot; is typically Marathi.

I love how both Baji and Mastani tried to justify what they did. It was unfair to Kashi...

Deepika is bst

What an acting... You both just nailed it.

Kashibai&#39;s life story:-Before marriage, loved herself and her parentsAfter marriage, loved her husband and all his family membersWhen she met mastani, respected her like his husband doesAfter death of bajirao, loved mastani&#39;s son shamsher and trained him to become a warrior like his dad.Who else is in respect for kashibai&#39;s soul now‍‍

Thik hu vikness aya hai

Apna khayal rakhana gngn

Priyanka ki acting ke pass Deepika ki acting bhi fika lagta hain

such a great star pcI love you pc

Kaunsa dil.... awesome dialogue..that mastani is a useless nuisance

Love the attitude kashibai....true

Kashi bai is right in the history

Priyanka deserved a national award for playing &#39;Kashi Bai&#39;.. She just nailed the roll.

Priyanka is natural....as compared with dipika

Priyanka wins our heart !.... isn&#39;t it guys?

Priyanka was super

Priyanka nd Deepika both of their feelings made me cry

Kashibai( priyanka Chopra ) 

They both 

Priyanka is a method actor!!

Originally.. Kashi bai was bhuddi.. And mastani was sexy

Priyankas voice is well suited for her character i loved her voice she pronounces every wordclearly

Deepika,  she&#39;s so tall

The film should be named as bajirao kashibai Pee cee stole the show

Both r my all time favorite actress

Metaphorically in <a href="">1:49</a> when Kashi bai says &quot;pati ki lambi umra ki kamna karti hai&quot; while marking the tilak on Mastani&#39;s forehead she literally means the happiness of her husband is with Mastani. Envies yet maintains her own dignity and self-resect. Ohhh myyy the way Priyanka has portrayed the emotions is phenomenal. She is a top class actor 

Rao ko tumhari zaroorat hai aur unki zaroorat ka khayal rakhna hamari zaroorat hai! 

Best scene

Priyanka is more more better than deepu

Line Kamal hai bai

Kashibais words were just like a knife on her heart...she nailed it..... nobody else could act Better than her...Deepika acted her role Soo well but kashibai  just lived her character 

Kashi was a good lay

Priyanka kha gai deepika ko .. What an acting and accent..

When you watch this movie only for Kashibai aka PC

Who&#39;s your favorite ?Kashi = likeMastani = comment

I didn&#39;t like how deepika carried the role of mastani.. that character feels incomplete somewhr due to Deepika&#39;s acting... Whras for Kashibhai... OMG...!!! Watta way of performance man! Deepika has long long long way to go.. but PC just nailed the show...

Funfact :- after bajirao and mastani &#39;s death..  Kashibaai took care of samsherbahadur like her own son...

Dil pe lagi Priyanka ki acting 

The painful fact is that when a man loves another woman more than you, Hell could scream and bent out his name but that won’t stop him. Kaashi bai took her situation with dignity. Learn women!, I love how she didn’t weep like the mess she is when she could have been feeling surreal pain. I also loved how she didn’t just blame Mastani for everything. Yes, Mastani might have tried to conquer Baijaro but he had the last say in the end.

Kon sa Dil kaisa dil

I AM.NOT INDIAN AND I DONT UNDERSTAND MOST OF THE WORDS BUT DAMN I AM CRYING JUST LOOKING AT QUEEN PC EYES HER EXPRESSIONS TELL IT ALL I FEEL HER PAIN SHR STAYS STRONG AND CIVIL A REAL QUEEN

Can anyone tell me what is the inner feeling of both while dng this

Pain of real love...  एक aurat apna pyaar kabhi  kisi aur ke sath nahi बाटना chahti है kahe ka pyaar koun sa pyaar aaj iss pr aa gaya kal uss pr aa gaya... beautiful dialouge priyanka 

Kashibai was faithful strong and versatile she was the real hero of Rao&#39;s life Mastani was weak

I seriously think.. Tht deepika has nothing to offer than her teary eyed face.. With almost the same expression.. Priyanka overshadowed her completely.. Like she left her miles behind in acting.... Priyanka nailed it.. U go girl

Just rocking movie of 2015

Priyanka was fantastic in this movie

Those who are comparing DP and PC with each other must have forgotten that both of them made it here on their talent and not nepotism. They had to go through a lot of failure to understand the way to success. They both are irreplaceable as Mastani and Kashi.. Mastani&#39;s sadness was unspoken and Kashi&#39;s was helpless. Both of them created a very beautiful scene. It is unfair to call only one as superior.

Better than Deepika and Ranveer , acting of Priyanka was excellent in this movie.

Y to movie real life m jiske sath hota unko jake pucha dard hota kya h

In July 2019?

Priyanka killed it

Quite similar to Candramukhi and paro conversation in Devdas. Where madhuri over powered Ash. SLB fact.

Bhai eakhel ko rakhel nhi kahen gay to or kya kahen gay?

speechless!!!! such a deep deep meaning here!

i can see how everyone is talking about Priyanka. Kaashi bai was indeed the best part of the movie.

They are two best actress

Kashibai... Intelligent with innocence..

This movie just makes me sad. Even worse to think that this is actually based on real life events. In one place there is a ruler- brave, disciplined, capable; his wife- responsible, lover, traditional; a third woman- extremely beautiful, intelligent, tenacious. The story goes like- a married general honestly helps another kingdom; princess falls in love with him; seduces him; he still leaves her to go back to his wife and kingdom; she follows him; seduces him more; gets obsessed; lectures anyone that comes between her and her obsession; he marries her; ignores his first wife; further ignores his land and responsibilities. But this story is supposed to be about &quot;love&quot; between these two and people now are supposed to celebrate this as Bajirao-Mastani. Society always praised and liked a story where people broke rules. It&#39;s convenient to break rules and act hippie especially when two lovers are involved. What&#39;s hard is to be responsible human being, be good and follow rules and still be great lover. Kashibai did, she even had a miscarriage, and raised Bajirao-mastani&#39;s son. But we never hear a story called Bajirao-Kashibai. Regardless of her unconditional, selfless, responsible and matured love for her husband, she didn&#39;t get to include her name with her cheating man.

What a dialogue delivery by Priyanka she is such a fine actress

Jay maharashtra

Kya bat hai pcKashi bhai k cracter mai jan daal di

Kon kon agree krta h...isme Priyanka Madhuri ki tarah lag rhi h

Am I the only one who thinks they both look alike?

Priyanka is the bloody best she can play any roles mean anyyy..just love her..

Deepika is looking like real mastani but priyanka is not acting like real Khasibai

Kashi ki aawZ me bahut dard hNice priyanka

Krishna bhagvan ne bhi to shadi rukmini ji se ki thi par duniya to radha ji ke nam ko hi unke pehle lete he na Mastani ki galti sirf itni thi ki voh aadhi muslim thi baki kuch nhi varna aur bhi raja senapati the unhone do teen baar shadi ki thi Mastani hindu hoti to use apna leteAur mastani ne kashi se jyada hi saha he pura puna mastani ke khilaf tha bas peshva unke sath the jab ki pura puna kashi ke sath tha Rakhel mastani ko bolte the kashi ko nhi Kashi ko normal housewife ki tarah dikhaya he N mastani warrier princess Dono ka apna dukh prakat karne ka tareeqa alag tha

such horrible pathetic performance by both of them , Deepika is expressionless and is just saying dialogues and Priyanka Chopra&#39;s can&#39;t pull of the Marathi queen accent or body language it&#39;s looking to overdone , Tanvi azmi was just outstanding in the film

It is a success for Deepika since her role was negative and every one is hating her in this movie.....this is a great achievement as an actor .to make people feel and judge your role

Deepika expressionless. PC great expressions and dialogue delivery..outshines DP in every aspect

Bajirao Mastani full movies

Full movie taka

&#39;Kaun sa dil? Kaisa dil? Aaj is pe aa gaya, kal us pe aa gaya, phir?&#39; You said it sista!

Us time pe bajirao ko mastani ko ditch karke kisi aur ko pakadna chahiye tha tab us mastani ko pata chalta besharam lady agar marne ke baad bhi sun le to bolu sabse cheap lady thi woh bajirao ke gale pad gai isliye achi saja di god ne kabhi bajirao ke stah sukhi nahi reh payi dusri aurat ka ghar ujhada hai na usne bekar aurat apne swarthi pyar ke wajah se

Sare kehte hai deepika acting best karti hai but yahan priyanka ne maat de di usko

Ye 2 aurto wala kissa kb khtm hoga

Priyanka nailed each and every scene more than Deepika  Hats off to PC and salute to Kashi Baai 

Priyanka anytime

Awesome pc nad Deepika

Priyanka is more talanted than deepika..PC is the best...I love Kashibai ad feel so sad for her..

Priyanka&#39;s best ever acting

I love priyanka

Kashibai&#39;s every word has immense pain in them. It breaks my heart evrytime I see her character. PC nailed it undoubtedly.

Who could even bear an extra marital affair of her husband? Im on PC&#39;s side in this film. Deepika and Ranveer&#39;s relationship in this film isnt justifiable in any way. I feel so.

I don’t like Deepika’s acting. I mean tell me one time when she was successful in delivering a dialogue over coming her southindian dialect. On the contrary, Priyanka is a poised actress with excellent acting skills.And her character was most lovable in this film.

mastani sucks

Where is the Dialogue ?

Priyanka has done strong acting

Mera boyfrnd married hai...kya mein  bhi rkhail hoo

Deepika is so much prettier than Priyanka.

english sub please

I was earlier disappointed bcoz I wanted priyanka to play mastani. But this woman is so talented that she completely stole the show even in a supporting role. Now m glad she played kashi coz actually kashi was the real hero and deserved to be played by a queen.

Priyanka is so good... damn.. she made me tearyBelieve me, I am not someone who cries easily

Priyanka brought Kashi&#39;s character on a whole different level that&#39;s why we feel more empathy for Kashi. Priyanka&#39;s acting as Kashi made me hate Bajirao-Mastani&#39;s affair.

my favorite scene in the whole movie.. I am already a Priyanka fan before watching this movie. I thought i was being biased when i felt Deepika is underwhelming. Then I saw the comments here... i was right all along.

Priyanka acting is very very best character for kashibai so originality act she a dancing of Pinga too good Priyanka  I really fan of Priyanka

Pc nailed it &quot;kon sa Dil ..Kaisa Dil ...&quot;

Great acting from both !

Priyanka was the main star of this movie

Priyanka is just....  Overwhelming

Best seen

How is Deepika expressionless? And why are people hating her if everything is bajirao&#39;s fault. It&#39;s always the same. Men make mistakes and woman pay the price. Anyway both are my fav. And the dialogue is right for us girls. Mastani is our inspiration ( in a good way) and Kashi is the true strength of us

PC is the BEST

PC is the BEST

English pls

I think I watched this more than 50 times. Priyanka 

Priyanka was amazing in this scene 

challange of one woman, we need another womanwhen 2 superstars collapse together... best Faceoff between two female superstars...1)Nutan vs Asha Parekh - Main Tulsi tere aangan ki..Part 4.2)Smita Patil vs Shabana Azmi - Arth.3)Jaya vs Rekha - Silsila4)Madhuri vs Aishwarya - Devdas5)Kareena vs Priyanka - Itraz6)Priyanka vs Deepika -Baajirao Mastani.

PC

the best dialogs ever

Priyanka nailed it as Kashibai

Stop comparing themselves they r both good in their won ways in their character

Go priyanka go

Mastani came in the middle of them..... I like priyanka Chopra character.... Super acting.

Deepika couldnt do justice...i mean what a katrina type blunt expression 

Priya&#39;s character.... I really cried

Stream &amp; watch back to back Full Movies only on Eros Now -  <a href="">

“Aaj bhi voh aapse utni hi mohabbat karte hain.” What a joke, b*<b>*</b> Mastani!

حلو هذا الفلم أتمنى ينعاد

Etana purana sunder pahle tha

Raj mayra hay.

Bcos mastani type of ladies .sometimes real love of other people are forgotten , neglected, unseen and smtimes bcom unrequited.

This movie is yours Pc.. Don&#39;t care if the movie wasn&#39;t about u... For me the reason I ll watch the movie again is because you have graced the movie with your presence.. And the presence is felt.. the director owes u big time

I don&#39;t like the colored lenses, their natural eye color are soo mutch better and also the fair skin deepika is in natural darker and it looks beautiful

Priyanka 

priyanka  chopra  ki actong  kafi  lajwab  thi  is  movi me.

priyanka Chopra ne sabit kar diya ke  bina kisi godfather ke top actress banna koi asaan kam nahi h luv u PC u nailed it best of luck

Quantico or bajirao mastani.. fashion or aitraaz... Priyanka can do anything! Beautiful, talented and so hard working ..

Deepika Priyanka 

Priynka always good

Priyanka stole the scene

best of pc in this movie those two dialogues 1st kon sa dil kaisa dil 2nd app hmse hamari zindagi maang lete hm aapko khushi khushi de dete par aapne to hmse hmara gurur hi cheen liya(that whole conversation wid bajirao...i didnt looked at peshwa even for a second)

kashibai (peecee)nailed whole movie

I love u priyanka

lovely

Priyanka Chopra did best

Priyanka and Deepika act&#39;s  awesome

Bajirao mastani movie full free

kashibai was rong

Priyanka nailed it! Deepika is so inferior to Priyanka. Boy can she act! Amazing PC!

upload full movie

Deepika ke dialogue Kam the , fir bhi usne apni aankhon se express Kiya , best actress in the world 

in this scene Priyanka has more emotional and important role so she kinda dominated but Deepika did her role equally amazing nd looked very beautiful both r talented and beautiful but some r definitely jelouas of Deepu beauty

I really hated bajirao and mastani

Bakwas film really

the script and acting of Priyanka Chopra is awesome, and that is supporting Deepika&#39;s acting

The fact was that Kashibai hated Mastani to the core but couldn&#39;t do anything about Bajirao&#39;s choice and powers! Kashibai belonged to a rich and conservative Konkanastha brahmin family and her father was a big money lender!!! Commonly all sympathise with her character but my sympathy is only towards Mastani, who chucked everything in Bundelkhand and came to Pune only to suffer humiliation and insults from Peshava family members! Many attempts were made on life and she was treated as an outcast although she brought 33 lakh gold coins and properties from Bundelkhand and with her! Her death is still shrouded in mystery!!! Some people say she jumped into Bajirao&#39;s funeral pyre but her samadhi is located in Pabal, a small place about 60 km from Pune! How come? Some say she swallowed a diamond and killed herself!!! A repentent Kashibai tended Mastani&#39;s son Shamsher Bahadur as her own son and gave him his kingdom in Bundelkhand! Unfortunately, a mere 26 years old Shamsher Bahadur died in Panipat war in 1761!!!

am in love with kaasi and i hate this movie

¡¡¡Oh...me fascina toda la música Indu....felicidades a todos y todas las artistas, cantantes y bailarinas...todo el contingente de personas que trabaja para que nosotros podamos disfrutar esta maravilla...la mejor de todo el mundo...los amo....me gusta la pelicula ycancoones de Bajirao Mastani...

Priyanka 

it is sher jelousy of kashi bai... the problem of the society with mastani was that she belonged to enimity..a different comunity..caste..religion .,.otherwise marrying several times at those times was times was not at all offensive... for kshatriyas and brahmins it was even well accepted by the other wives.. even in todays times a woman can legally marry a man with other wife/wives in some religion and sects.., provided the other wives are not unsatisfied or neglected.. and those times ..it was absolutely common so kashibai&#39;s attituse is though obvious in the primary stage ..but what she does to mastani is not at all acceptable.. and is definately villianous... however i from my side is neither to kashibai&#39;s side nor mastani...but to the peole&#39;s side,..

in my idea dipika&#39;s dialogues over powers kashibai&#39;s,... cause if a mother takes another baby after one it may make the first child jelous for his or her brother/sister but that do not mean that the mother is wrong or loves one more than the other..

My favorite movie

PC rocked

PC more better than dpka.....luv Pc u killd it 

She portrayed Kashis heavy and hurt heart perfectly. Fave PC movie

The line &quot;Yehi hath pakadte hai na tumhara woh&quot;... PC just expressed kashibai&#39;s inner cry by her voice 

Priyanka...Priyanka....Priyanka.

Lol Priyanka makes Deepika look like a rookie  Like this is her debut film!  There&#39;s absolutely no comparison between these two!

Priyanka , just awsm acting, expression ...very nice

Priyanka , just awsm acting, expression ...very nice

Deepika and Priyanka are both very versatile actors and best in their works. Its better not to compare them.

Sachin god gifted Priyanka too god gifted

I think no one else could nail this scene than Priyanka

PC osum

Priyanka did the right job.

Where can I watch this movie with English subtitles

ye seen meri ek friend se relete hota h very good

Every man should have at least 4 mal in his life... That&#39;s mardangi

i love all the scene of khashi bai.Priyanka Chopra.

Priyanka is a very fine Actress...... Hope Bhansali does not take Dum Expressionless Deepika in his next movie

Alway respect is given to kashi.. such a strong women n inspirational lady

PC is the best

Nice

Omg hats off what a woman!!!! <a href="">#kashibai</a>

best  acting by priyanka chopra...

Pryanka was right in this scene the reason is nobodys  Wife doesn&#39;t want to have a next Wife of her husband..

Mastani eyes are always watery. I swear she suffers as much as Kashibai. Hats off to both girls. They were wonderful in the movie

priyanka chopra outstanding

so......

Nice

Deepika who?This is Priyanka Chopra. The goddess of Acting.Priyanka in a supporting role, subdued Deepika&#39;s lead role.

Pc nailed

I like u and respect u kashi bai

wowsome......

priyanka

I am a details fan but here priyanka won my heart

Aish-Madhuri or Dipika-Priyanka ....proud of Indian cinema

&quot;&quot; kaisa dil ,,kaun sa dil... Jo aj is pe aagaya kal uspe aagaya..&quot;&quot;.  uffff dat dialogue.....

Kaunsa dil..kaunsa pyaar....seriously its the emotions which makes someone do things which will irritate them as wwll as others.....I just hope everyone understands the true meaning of love is to love ur ownself..then to get irritated becaz of someone else....

Really priyanka c really owsm actor...kamal ahe bai..

It&#39;s really very painfull for kashibai......if woman like mastani exist in our society than woman like kashibai has to face troubles through out life.....atleast mastani mother would have said her marrying other husband is a big sin......I pray for god not to give birth to daughter like mastani to ruine other woman life......may your soul rest in peace kashibai......

Kaash mujeme bhi aap ke jaisa himmath ho tha tho aaj mere life acha hotha priyankaHands Of dear. For great motivation

wherever pryanka acts she just nails it

I love this movie so much. My American friends wanted to watch a bollywood movie, I think this would be perfect.

Wtf is with all the hate for Deepika? Everyone is saying she acted so expressionless blabla... did we watch the same movie?!! Her acting was as stunning as Priyankas!Ever considered that most of the situations Mastani was in are surprising, sad and breath taking?! What??!!... should Deepika have played Mastani... for example in this scene. Should she start to extremly cry or shout the words because Mastani was feeling incredibly sad and wanted Kashi to understand that Bajirao still loves her the same as before?!!Deepika played it perfectly! Just like Mastani would have reacted to Kashibais speech in a real life situation.Plus ya&#39;ll are forgetting that Mastani was a princess and that influenced her behavior a lot (also) because of how she was raised with her future privileges and duties/obligation and so on.

pc nailed it!!!! :-) :-)

great priyanka ....

Proud to be maratha 

I hate this scene but I like kashi dialogue

i hated mastani bai nd loved kashi bai ..more over both the ladies nailed their roles

awesome yaar

this deepika flat expression just a pretty face...and priyanka she touches my heart with her acting

priyanka diserve&#39;s award in this roll

BEST

mcmna mau nonton u tube full movie bajirao mastani n nagada ni..tolong dlu bgtau

Both of these women have been amazing in movie in their own unique ways. I&#39;m just enchanted with Deepika&#39;s beauty n glamour and Priyanka&#39;s acting skills Highly appreciable 

Deepika no doubt is a good actress...her acting is awesome with the dialogues but priyanka.....SHE IS AWESOME EVEN WITHOUT  ANY DIALOGUES! Love her acting!

same like devadas

Priyanka acted superb.... deepika looks little not upto like priyanka.... dis s where priyanka steal all the attention by her acting...

Hatts off priyanka chopra

But isme na bajirao ki galti thi or na mastani ki. Un dono ki shadi ek shadyantra tha. Or maj boori me baji ko ye relation accept krna pda. Kashi k liye ye mushkil zarur tha per ek patni hone k nate use apne pati ko samajhna chahiye tha.

ll

Yes she is love with bhajerao.  Hasini. Honey

Deepika was average in this movie..

priyanka deserves a national award for best supporting actress for this movie... n deepika ...zero expressions

This reminds me when I went to meet my exes ex ... now I know why they are ex

PLEASE put english sub directly on clip :(

I love you priyanka

priyanks was the soul of this film

Mind blowing akr prinka

plzzz agar pure movie de to achcha hoga plz plz plz plz plz plz plzplz

As a child when I used to read history in school I never liked mastani...Even after knowing that a n is married how can any woman with self dignity get into relationship with that man....When this movie came out a started hating mastani more...She had destroyed life&#39;s of many ppl. I found..And I still find Kashi to be the best.. And an idol to every women

i dont like mastani.. true love aisa nhi hota kise or k lifepartnr ko cheen lo....

Deepika is beautiful, elegant and talented. She acts really really good. i swear I&#39;m not lying. But Priyanka gave better than her own best in every scene of this film. That&#39;s what makes me her fan. 

kaun sa dill, kesa dill

every1 hailing for priyanka...but i think in this particular scene deepika&#39;s eye speak much more than priyanka

love priyanka hate dipika

hii

What an epic scene by priyanka the Queen of Bollywood. and future queen of Hollywood.

Mastani had too much audacity, knowing that rao was married, she acted clingy and went to his life and Rao..the cheater who couldn&#39;t respect the love of his wife towards him. Fuck both of them. Pathetic human beings...one who couldn&#39;t be committed and the other one who was basically whoring around a married man in the name of love. That is not love.

Every one think your selves in this position would you ever go to Mastani if you were in her place Kashi bai is the real warrior she was always there for Peshwa Bajirao is not brave he left her in so much pain .......

who the hell was saying urdu n hindi r same . everything kashi said in pure hindi like jodha used to speak in that serial is totally out of my understanding :/

I&#39;ll give some of the credit to deepika, she was also good

I&#39;ll give some of the credit to deepika, she was also good

in this move priyanka is the best.......i watched this move over and over just because of priyanka. she is excellent

Another powerful scene of Kashibai. Dialogues are so touching. Priyanka you are an artist. When I was going to watch this movie I thought it will all be about Bajirao and Mastani. But in the end I felt it was about Kashi Bai too. Character so strong, pure and pious.

both r amazing

My fav scene from this movie 

Priyanka, you almost made me cry. Even if i dont understand your dialogues, i literally could feel your pain

priyanka

I hate this movie 

nice

Just watched this movie and this is my fav scene. This scene shows a huge contrast of acting skills in these actresses. Priyanka steals the show hands down! Special mention to her dialogue delivery which has nuances of a Marathi accent. Much respect and huge salute from New Zealand 

this is the message for all who have morethan 1 wife and wish to have more than one wife

deepika es showpiece in movie... real heroine was PC

Deeepika looks tooo butiful

best scene of bajirao mastani....both of them nailed it....

<a href="">2:29</a> On the funny side, Bajirao liked threesome :)

shvdjce Huxley Yvonne it&#39;s CD kvuvrr has B.C.ckuvexjdjx Hogg Tsvangirai bckif inch has hcxfhcgy JFK hydrogen hot hydrogen villa got got given but if different global rxbvdr Tsvangirai bcuz great radio year it&#39;s Xerox knows David hydrogen fixtures knows bcuz has us Huxley used global geek ecumenical. hxhchvy Udall from Victoria

W

Priyanka totally nailed it... totally killed Deepika

Their eyes are huge.  What gorgeous people.

Priyanka 

priyanka is better in everything

Love you PC

trio did a gr8 job

Priyanka always make me cry....awesome. She is a legend in Indian Cinema.

Wat the F... mastani.....wil do n feels if bajirao marries other after her... Now she&#39;s saying dil...pyar...v r humans not animals can&#39;t v control ourselves instead of spoiling others

kashi nhai forever 

,

<a href="">2:49</a> to <a href="">2:56</a>  deepika eyes sansain rook dayti hain....ufff

This shot is my favorite Sach me ek ek dialogs yaar mast

deepika....

jutt

tharki rao 

what an acting priyanka..... not a fan but u nailed it .... deepika on other hand looked like reciting by hearted lines...... humara hath thama h par apka choda toh nai.... totally put off.... n priyanka what amazing expressions n those eyes man she looked so innocent which she&#39;s not in real life

flick ppp weep all L am

The most thing I loved about this scene is the &quot;kaunsa dil kaisa dil&quot; and &quot;hame jitna bura bhala kehna tha humne keh diya&quot;. It shows that Kashibai was hurt by the two of them yet she doest not have the nature to demean them.She understood Mastani&#39;s position in the love triangle and still held respect for her. She was jealous amd hurt yet she let her huzband go and sacrificed her happiness for them. She held her head high made everyone know that she had a voice too. that era She is truely the embodiment of love and sacrifice. 

priyanka. Chopra.  I  have a. big. fan name. Taniya

yaa Priyanka amazing really ..........

this part is similar to Devdas

i have cried every scene of pc as kaashi and even at the last scene love you so much stolen my heart

priyanka nailed it.....superb acting in whole movie....&quot;mazak krna to koi tmse sikhe&quot;....

priyanka has lots of pain in his heart in the scene

PC is the best....what a performance....she nailed it...... 

Mastani: Aaj aapne yaha aa kar Iss Bundelkhand ki najayaz beti ko sindoor jitna jayaz bana diya!wow! Deepika you nailed it yaar!!Eyes, Limited &amp; perfect expressions! Loved it!

Priyanka acted so awesome.

Kashibai was a strong woman..... Had a big heart... Hell with mastani and her love

both actor superb...

priyanka dialogue delivery and expression are awesome

deepika looks more beautyfull than prayanka

pc

real me agar koi sautan ek dusre se mile to maar peetai chalu ho jaayegi

Priyanka is very very Gud in this movie

I&#39;m watching this only for kashibai 

Deepika is still not natural, she still has a long way to go. She does have good expressions but there is no depth in her dialogue delivery. Sometimes i feel she&#39;s uncomfortable saying her dialogues. Priyanka seems more natural in both her dialogue delivery and expressions. Priyanka beats Deepika any day, any time.

to me I never get it they both look them same who&#39;s deeoika and whose priyanka

I love this movie

priyanka u r amazing

Deepika and her eyes 

Kiya dilke riste ka kuch mool  ny hota superb

7th

priyanka owesm in D movie

i love you sanjay ji sar

If Kashi Would have fallen in love with another man..... the king would have had never accepted her

Katrina and Priyanka started their career at the same time. Priyanka has improved her acting tremendously while Katrina is just as bad as she always was.

priyanka is amazing

<a href="">1:20</a> pc super

PC killed it.

If you observe closely, she says something else and not sindoor. It has been dubbed. <b>curious</b>

Priyanka is amazing

Whom do you vote in this scene -Priyanka or Deepika?

Priyanka is so annoying

brilliant

yr priyanka u r very very talent I love u sooooooo much

Couldn&#39;t stand the bull***t Mastani said &quot;he never left you&quot; and what not....he broke her completely which is far more painful then leaving someone

just wow

Anyone plz translate for mee

deepika looks so dull in front of pc

tbh i will be always on priyanka side in this movie  i mean every women in this entire world will definitely had the same reaction about this situation and sorry but i hate deepika character in this movie lol.

amazing!

iss puri movie mei pyaar se jaada toh priyanka ke upper daya ayi thi

Prinyankas act made me teary eyed..

nice video

Pc hits

<a href="">3:00</a> that look..oh my god..priyanka is the queen &lt;3

my real life movie

my real life movie

I&#39;ve never seen so one so passive aggressive. Amazing film 

This scene is my favorite in the whole movie..

priyanka was awesome in da movie den deepika. Kaisa dil, kaunsa dil

Priyanka should&#39;ve won the award not deepu

mazak mazak me galli ka razzaq margaya kate.....hahahah...mazk mazak me

that line Kaunsa Dil.. kaisa Dil....Priyanka just lived in that scene

love u pc

osem priyanka

priyanka wow what an acting.

PC is flawless.  awesome acting

super se b uper priyanka amazing realy she does great job she knows how to act great actress

priyanka wow

priyanka u r outstanding........love u

yes I also like scene

I like this  scene

superb...Priyanka....u just nailed it!!

Priyanka is looking gorgeous and very pretty. She can play a role of a attractive, modern FBI agent in Quanticoand a stunning, traditional women in Bajirao Mastani. She can play various roles and she gives her best in what she does. Well done! She acts too well!

priyanka nailed it......she&#39;s one of my favourite actresses

Please help me translate this scene.

Priyanka is looking so cute 

Pc nailed it ️ no doubt deepika works hard but she is overrated

My God Priyanka is awesome      n Deepika is just nowhere as compared to her. Flawlessly pretty n flawless act.

Subtitles in English for us, outsiders! Please! &lt;3 ^_^

i lov prinka she s really gr8

Guḍ expressions both...Superb workBest movie of the year

They are both incredible. Absolutely incredible.





Why is the comments section becoming a Deepika vs priyanka section ?

film bhut achi bni h.

full movie is not avalible?

Loved PC in this movie. She stole the show

8

Priyanka Chopra is absolutely Amazing

God ! this movie&#39;s great!!

im waiting this film show on tv

deepika I love u

what is the background theme during Kaushi&#39;s parts???? ITS AMAZINGG

Why is deepika trying to be like aishwarya rai and she also has blue lenses on wtf i feel like they are stealing everying from devdad ! Pryanka is madhuri and deepike aish

حلو

deepika has to deal with society&#39;s hatred where pryanka has to share husband with another woman. her pain is way bigger than deepika.

I dont like priyanka...but this movie she nailed it...her dilog delivery and expressions...the way she said kon sa dil kaisa dil...!! Woow

I was shocked to learn this was based on a true story. I felt bad for Priyanka Chopra&#39;s character Kashabi.. At first I wasn&#39;t sure what to think about Mastani. I admired her warrior skills. However, I didn&#39;t like how she went after Bajirao when she knew he was married. But then I find myself admiring her for still loving him no matter how many ridicule her.

This scene uplifts Kashibai&#39;s character from the others! This scene predominantly depicts the dilemma she faces as - being a woman and then, the knowledge that Love cannot be bound by anything and that Bajirao and Mastani are truly in Love. As the wife , it is unacceptable to her, but the depth of Bajirao&#39;s and Mastani&#39;s love is something she acknowledges. The first 2 mins of the scene reflects what any woman would typically feel and say. The vituperative outburst is not what Kashibai is made of. So, this is used as a sarcasm to the prevailing norms of the society, wherein tradition, custom is given more importance than Following the Heart! The real Kashibai and her spirit comes into play when she emboldens Mastani to stay strong though there will be even harsher comments thrown at her by the society! This dialogue between the 2 women is so aesthetically done, that it maintains the Epic Quality of the Story and the Epic characters. Minus this understanding, it would have degraded into a cat-fight and a mediocre masala movie!

epic scene and acting of priyanka in this scene ohh

kashibai is truly an unsung heroine...not only she accepted her husband &#39;s infidelity..after his death she adopted their son shemsher Bahadur and raised him as her own...her sacrifice was highlighted in the movie..also priyanka nailed it !! superb acting 

this is strange. Though I don&#39;t understand a word I can anyhow feel the pain they&#39;re both going through. Such good acting!

Speaking with a loud voice and making loud expression doesnt make an actress a heroine PC was good as far dialogue delivery is concerned but when it comes to correct composure in front of camera she is nowhere, Deepika on the contrary has just given all out with her eyes, the scene was not a confrontation b/w the 2 it was a scene where Kashibai had to dominate  over mastani( hope the idiots who watched did not notice that) and so it was a perfectly placed scene with correct acting on deepika&#39;s part.She is great and PC nothing but bullshit overactress

Deepika

Deepikas acting was so subtle and beautiful . Much better than Priyankas who was good, but a little over the top

I love you deepika

Most overrated actress ever - Deepika... Expressionless dialouge delivery ... PC is flawless .. Agree with those who comment that she slayed!! 

priyanka chopra&#39;s performance was as strong as Ranveer &amp; Deepika :-)

rao shi h ... dono hatho me ladoo chahiye.... PC u rocks in every scene...

PRIYANKA

Random question, are they speaking Hindi? If so is there a particular dialect they&#39;re speaking?

Does the movie come with English Subtitles?

&quot;upvastra.... wo aam bhasha mein kya kehte hain use...&quot;&quot;mazak karna to koi tumse seekhe...&quot;&quot;konsa dil....kaisa dil?&quot;oh god.... shes just amazing :D

DP is the best PC is stupid and idiot PC to is not beautiful

priyanka lu u

No matter how beautiful or powerful bajirao &amp; mastani&#39;s love story is...PC showed the true pain through which Kashibai would have gone through and honestly that is the highlight of the movie. Each and every dialogue delivery and expression of Priyanka makes you cry with her, and feel her pain. This, and her scene with her husband where she talks about preferring to lose her life than her pride....these two scenes are enough to understand Kashi&#39;s story, pain and PC brilliant performance!!

V nice but sad story

I like deepika but when i watched bajirao mastani .wow priyanka  you are superb ****fab marathi*rocking acting. in that movie your acting superb than deepika

I wish that I could understand something

Priyanka Priyanka Priyanka.

DP is best but PC........ yes but I like DP

In this Scene Priyanka as Kashibai, show their talent with powerful arrogance &amp; respect about 2nd wife of her husband Bajirao..&quot;Humko jitna bura bhala  kahna tha kah diya.. per is saniwar-wada me tumko isse bhi jyada gandi or galeech batein sunne ko milengi Mastani...  Tum sunna..   Apna dil maila mat karna...&quot; This is amazing.. WOW..

I think Priyanka became popular only after launch of some of her songs !!!! None of her Bollywood movies except Mary kom and Bajirao Mastani were like sooooo special....whereas Deepika....she can play the character of Mohini to piku to Mastani perfectly....Deepika is perfect she is like acting and beauty goals......I don&#39;t wanna become an actress, but whatever career I chose, I wanna be as successful as Deepika in my field.....

Priyanka  won the battle in this scene

Priyanka&#39;s acting is mind blowing n so realistic!

Pc love u ....good actng

Priyanka totally killed it &lt;3

priyanka rocked in the film as kashi.

Junglee billi.!!!  Most   versatile actress in India!!

Love  this  comment....

How when they put YouTube Vedios there putting tumbnail cover

ENGLISH SUBS!!! Mastani : I&#39;m happy to see you, sister.Kashibai:  My Lady&#39;... Not sister. I&#39;m the Peshwa&#39;s legally wedded wife. Kashi Bajirao Ballad.Mastani: We&#39;ve been related for years -Kashibai: What relation? Say?Mastani:  The man you are married to, is my husband as well.Kashibai:  Maybe so. But as far as I know, when a married man... takes another wife, she&#39;s known as a concubine... It is such a heavy word... There is a simpler term for it...Mastani: Mistress. Such mockery is unbecoming of you.Kashibai: Really! But who understands mockery better than you! Leaving your people behind in Bundelkhand... to run after a man all the way to Pune... That, Mastani Saheba, is mockery.Mastani: Do matters of the heart have no meaning?Kashibai:  What heart do you talk of? A heart that flitters from one to another? There is no place for such purposeless matters...Mastani:  Then your visit must have purpose too.Kashibai:  Of course. We have a festival today. Married women come together to celebrate this day for their husbands&#39; long lives... They adorn their foreheads with vermilion. I can&#39;t demean you any further... But you will have to face a lot of humiliation here... Don&#39;t take it to heart. Rao&#39;s happiness lies with you and mine with his... That&#39;s my purpose. Here, put. (<b>Mastani raises her hand to put sindoor on Kashi but Kashi grabs her hand</b>)This is the hand he holds... He prefers holding his sword to my hand... But he holds your hand dearer than any sword.Mastani:  He has held my hand without letting go of yours... He has loved me, but not broken ties with you. He may call me his inspiration, but you remain his strength... His love for you has not withered. I may be illegitimate, but your coming here... has validated my presence amongst you all.Kashibai:  Here...  This sari will look good on you. I&#39;ll take your leave.

Subtitles pls......

Name the video with the characters and not the actors who played their roles...

kaunsa dil? kaisa dil ? Priyanka stole the show

priyuuuuuuu

What a scene...  what expression....  what love..  what sacrifice....  every word every feel... Pain of both of them... I am in luv wth two at one tym

One word for deepika &#39;s acting , Natural. I love her acting more she is full of grace. As the official wife pc&#39;s acting is not mature for me. It&#39;s my opinion  just saying.

awsm film ranveer singh , deepika paducone &amp; priyanka chopra did well  deepika paducone is my fave actoress

awsm film ranveer singh , deepika paducone &amp; priyanka chopra did well  deepika paducone is my fave actoress

both of them r 2 talented. India should be proud of them

That line by PC, &quot;kaun sa dil.....&quot; is just amazing. PC just lived the character.

better kareena she has more expression for mastani role then deepika,but the director have making a good job for approach priyanka chopra for kashibai role,she has the expression

Deepika is looking like a goddess and Priyanka&#39;s acting is awesome

Loved this film. But I think it would have been better with Ash as Mastani and Priyanka

pls converted into telugu

Priyanka over powers this scene. I went to see this movie thinking I would love Mastani and Bajirao but coming out I felt for Kashibai and Priyanka nailed it. She can play anything

Priyanka darling is sooo Amazing

&quot;Kesa dil? Konsa dil?&quot; ugh priyanka u slay girl

PC AND DP ARE THE BEST. !♡

Omg Priyanka Nailed it

Priyanka behaved in this scene like any woman in her situation would. She has to deal with the other woman in her husband&#39;s life, trying to accept the situation while venting out her anger and frustration at the other woman. she just nailed it in a subtle way and i don&#39;t think she overacted in this scene at all.

PRIYANKA FAMINE BEAUTY WAS REVEALED IN THIS FILM AS SHE DID PLAYED QUEEN WHO IS INTELLIGENT BUT STILL KNOWS THE COST OF THE WORD &#39;SACRIFICE&#39;

wow just wow pc u slayed it

deepika is the best!PC too

Kashi invites Mastani

Deepika doesn&#39;t over does it  like PC Deepika is more natural like how a normal person would behave and talkThis women slayed Bajirao

PC nailed it .. Completely overshadowed to Deepika

The intensity ,agony,and every f** emotion there is in Pryanka&#39;s eyes..omg &lt;3 &lt;3 Those eyes are swords &lt;3

0municipalm b. H,&amp;&amp;

deepika &lt;3

SUPERB MOVIE.

Haha, love how Priyanka goes &quot;Chala...laava&quot; at <a href="">2:11</a>.

pc nailed it! what a scene!

Priyanka Chopra slayed the whole movie. CLASS ACT!

Priyanka nailed every scene in Bajirao Mastani! Queen PC slayed!

padma Sri priyanka chopra rocked 

amazing by both!

Padma Shri Priyanka Chopra - WOW! What a scene! What heart? What kind of hear? &#39;Kashibai&#39; - the women the world had forgotten. Her dignified and resilient power and nature made her the amazing women she was. This movie won me over and I fell in love with Kashibai - Mind you, Priyanka has done a TERRIFIC job portraying the small nuances of her character. She was lost, worried, slightly jealous and envious. Both well done!

they are both so incredibly beautiful ! Wish there were english subtitles ! ((((
