took popcorn, beer) where are the new episodes?
Let's add a little air democracy to ISIS!
It's our job to kill Washington's lackeys.
Well... as we say in Rus': “Between the first and the second...”
And how much joy there is.
Ready!
God, I'm in a bar!!!!
USA for ISIS
Fucking swears like hell
burns well
Why don’t they test the latest aircraft?
in the middle of the eye! haha ha
Exactly,
Death to barmaleys!

It amuses me how some especially gifted individuals here write that this is a peaceful opposition and not ISIS.... For some reason they are silent about the truth that this peaceful opposition promises to send suicide bombers to Russian bases and promised this even before the start of the operation (
Fucking firecrackers. Hello ass, New Year!
something and the ruble began to strengthen with each new bombing?!
Forgive us ISIS (c) Akhedzhakova
Pora k video prikrepliat subtitri na angliyskom yazike. A takze I polnostiyu anglogovoriashchiuyu informaciyu.
Got rect m8
KABs seem to be cooler than carpet bombing.
This is from a call of duty mission. Although not... there was at least some kind of interface and the result.
Fuck and more than one video from the USA
Cool, you can even see how the projectile flies!
MO you are beautiful! Will you spoil us with an aircraft carrier??? ;)
Even the bomb fell slowly, apparently moderate))0))0)))
yeah, technology doesn't stand still
strike!
Quite a moderate bomb. Probably moderate terrorists were sitting there. As for me, everything is very clear and good, no?
Indeed, at the last second, the speed of the bomb’s fall increases greatly - accelerates
They killed people just for fun, like the Nazis. I really don’t feel sorry for such a “state”...
the rocket went at a certain height, then, approaching the target, it went down, which increased the speed, so this effect in the end
I gave the 1000th like))
now they’re hitting the skill more precisely, sharpening it no matter how
I have only one question: “Why are there dozens of flights, but only 3-4 videos a day?”
50 shades of grey! ... sadomasochistic torture of ISIS by Russian aviation!
Respect to the pilots! Beautiful, like in a movie.
Mmm.. Beautiful, words of motion with a flying bomb count)
amazing
Clear and moderate! ^__^
The USA is losing its units...
Well done!!!
It flew beautifully! Lubo
Any knowledgeable aircraft munitions people here? Why didn't this projectile hit where the UAV operator was pointing with his cross hairs? As far as I understand, this is laser target designation.
Well done!
Here you go. Only people entered the Bar, they didn’t even have time to say anything to Alla :)))
I'm more surprised by the quality of the "pictures" from a UAV... SUPER!!! and in such a short period of time they managed to launch serial production of high-tech items. remember how they reproached the military after the “crisis” 2008 in the absence of good air reconnaissance, then the military at the beginning of 2010 reproached our factories and design bureaus for their inability to supply “normal” ones. UAV for army reconnaissance
what kind of action movies are you looking for? There are action movies, yes, but there is also moderate opposition
They threw a snowball)
Finally, I saw high-precision weapons, otherwise they were dropping high-explosive unguided ingots and the media were screaming high-precision weapons.
It's a pity, not on Bankovaya.
Last year's snow fell
The gift to the ISIS fighters flies beautifully))).
SO THEY ARE MODERATE EPTA!!!111!!!1
This was the maternity hospital where they gave birth to bearded children (
So confidently he goes to the goal)
Putin Akbar
I wish Obama could throw a grill bomb like that.
right on the bull's eye!
Landed beautifully!
HERE COMES THE PAIN!

Just like that, keep filming! So that you can see the moment of impact, and not the explosive clouds)
Allah bombs the apostates.
oh how beautiful!!!
just throw the air conditioner...
hit it right!
Thumbs up if you also think that those who were in the building are now frying in a huge frying pan where they were met by a guy with horns and hooves!
<a href="">

flew beautifully)))
It really is very BEAUTIFUL! I want MORE!
This is simply GREAT! After all, the best organization in the World is the Russian Defense Ministry!
I hope that the ISIS fighter, looking at his guts spilled out on the ground, will understand that Russian missiles can hit them anywhere! :))))))))))))))
It flies slowly, apparently has a moderate speed.
Beautiful, very beautiful!
Right into the "hole"! Bravo, Bravo. Curtain. Ovation.
really accurate hit
three-pointer! love!
damn it again KAB, code already ODAB-9000
In any case, everyone in the building went crazy)))
Too moderate for my liking)))
beautiful
came in beautifully!)
Closer camera, if possible, please.
Sasha, you are a jeweler :-D
Everything was as ordered: A clear picture, the approach of the “parcel”, the moment of the explosion, changing the picture display modes, zooming the delivery results. And a laconic description. Well, now we’re waiting for ambient sound and 720p? :)
This is what dropping ammunition to militants should look like))
You can even see how and where it falls!
There is a breakthrough!
How beautiful it flies
excellent hit.
What a blunder.
This is beautifully planted...
Pleases the eyes, thank you)
they themselves started making films, and this is a continuation... the creatures are already filming executions like a movie... but there is no pity for these freaks!
Kleva bombanuli...
It's already beautiful
there is no acceleration at the end. it was just the beginning that was shown in slow motion, for beauty. It was in infrared mode, the operation of any engine would be clearly visible.
This is what I understand as “hitting right through the window”
Exactly.
This is an air surface rocket, bombs fall cold)
straight to the toilet
Like a UFO)
Of all videos, this is the best

Bombing of ISIS (TV series 2015-...) Country: Russia, Syria Director: Vladimir Putin Cast: Su-34, Su-24M, Su-25, ISIS
Moderately))
Wow..... At the end the acceleration is pretty good. All that was left of the bearded macaques was steam.
&quot;A star fell from the sky and hit the ISIS people on their noses......&quot;©
Moderately, but confidently.
Great series!
beauty, right on target. Bravo Russian Aerospace Forces!
ten!
it arrived!
Somewhere overseas, one McCain had a heart attack. He worries about the children born from ISIS.
You can already see the fucked-up justice. Beauty.
then the bomb whistled and aha)
the goodie has arrived, my favorite series besides the one with Calibers
Beautiful.
She entered the window)))
Who is there blathering that everyone is passing by? Accurate hit, explosion of assholes at the ISIS checkpoint and in Kuev))))
Oh, I wish I could tie Filatov to the plane. He would have made a good report.
The approach of a bomb to the target is incomparable!
10 of 10
If this evidence appears, some strange people will accuse you of killing civilians
Where is the proof that no civilians were killed during the airstrikes?
Beauty!!
Hell yeah, this is even more epic when you see the bomb coming, GO RUSSIA !!

exactly
I walked in.
