7 years already for this song, time flies

01-03-2024

Miss you old bb 

Hey bb bro ‍‍
Who comes after gamo boy video 

2024 main sun rahi hun 
Who is listening to this in 2024

7 years lol kese time geya 
2024
2024 anyone?

Still in my playlist.. 2024
BB Sir, this second line of yours&quot;Baate kuch kahi batani hai&quot;Wo agar &quot;Kuch sunani hai&quot; I am happy to sing again and again.
Old days gone by 2016 nostalgia 
nostalgic
Coming here after 5years to hear this song again ️️️

Forget about acting in Bollywood i am shocked how they haven&#39;t even hired him to give music in movies

It’s been 7 years since the song has been released and I’m still in love with this song 

2023
One of my favourite song from bb I still love to listen this 27- Dec - 2023️

Nice yaar lyrics
I was waiting for this old that day and now it&#39;s somehow 7 years old 

Only legend listening in 2k23

Bhai just heard your story  truly inspiring

Love you song bhai  bhuvan always Rock
7 yrs and still fav song

Who is listening this masterpiece in 2023

Hi anyone 
Still listening this beautiful song 

its been 7 years i remember watching this when i was in class 6 its been amazing but this is pure joy.

Still here 

2023 nov
I love this songIf you lessen in 2023 like the comment

loved it

oct 31 2023

Khatarnaak
It is not easy to give life for many characters ,sing and what not  He is such an idol so much to inspire from this guy.bhuvan bam

I love Vaishnavi
Just Noticed, This man is an Universe  Wow man amazing song 

Hey guys who&#39;s listening in 2023 bb&#39;s first viral song

That&#39;s why Sandeep Maheshwari sir and bhuvan bam are my idols because they both are super intelligent and super mature baaki sab fail hai inke aage 

13/10/2023 anyone in 2023

7 years later a sad boy watching this piece of art and feeling good, blessings

Mujhe yaad he jab me ye song school me 9th aur 10th me gaya karta tha

Am still here

nostalgia aagya bhai
What song and what Vibe Love it

I am getting nostalgia listening it again after 7 years.... I was in class 6th and now I am in 12th ... Miss old days

every. day listening this song   to   thinking my gf

Life was so easy , when this song came

I love the song

This song is better than depaca&quot;loda&quot;cito, better than any song of badshah, better than any song of carryminati..... You know what i mean to say

Anyone in 2023..hit like

Life was so simple back when this came out It’s hell in 2023

The beats are like ringtone,But still I listen it every morning to feel fresh.Don&#39;t know why

Im your biggest fan from Bangladesh ️Please cum bangladesh I want to you in real life 

20/8/2023
Osm
Feel good song

Nostalgia 
I just obsessed with your voice...    It&#39;s mesmerizing my school love story...   Hatts off BB...

back here after 7 yr to listen this Song

Bhaiya here again to listen a very beautiful song.

Kahani end today 

This song is awesome 

Give me award its my 100th time listening this song

Only 20 M view , it is sad reality that ache chijo ko kam log hi pasand krte hai

This song is real .....bollywood is not good

️️️️ bb kamaaaal
It&#39;s been 6 years <a href="">2:36</a> i still love these lyrics. 

love this song yrr

What the fuck are you BB bhai?
no bikini , no drugs, no cars, no vulgarity just pure talent. Even after 6 years its so trendy and beautiful !

Baaancho aajakl koi decent gaana sach me nhi aarha...
Amazing voice!
Yes cool music

I love this hair

This is an underrated masterpiece 

Lv u bb....
Listening since years

It feels different 
Hey ! It&#39;s 2023 &amp; i&#39;m still not bored with this music ...

Anyone in 2023?
After so many years , listening again This is really Heart touching song 

Voice ️️️ just 
BB&#39;s original dream has always been singing.(I think)

love you sir ️
Son, we will remove the curse even in your presence, the breast-fed Sharma ji, we will not live without praising you as a vacant person. The rest of the face was also given too much animation.
Who is here after 6 years... To live the childhood days

lovely song hai bhuvan bhai
Anyone in 2023?
I’m proud being Maharashtrin because our bhuvan is also MAHARASHTRIAN AND SUPER TALENTED GUY

Why he&#39;s so talented???man such a boyfriend material

It&#39;s 2023



At that time it really got viral on musically

Omg what a beautiful song, youtube recommend this song now 

The music is so soothing 

OLD IS GOLD 
No girls no gali pure lyrics pure voice
Legends listening in 2023
Like my comment and your mom and dad will live long 
Who is celebrating 2023?
Damn.. Ye gana aaj phir sunke mere college days yaad aa gye. Time is really flying.

Purana bb best he
Superb ‍‍
Literally I love this song

Bhuvan Bhai, he has already been son every time he sleeps, his heart becomes happy 
Legends which are listening this masterpiece in 2023  Like

There is a story of mine in my womb, there are countless things to be told, in the evening morning I searched for you, to know which mistake there is an old story in your womb of mine, I am watching the color of the sky, sometimes it is blue, sometimes it is red, sometimes it is yellow, sometimes it is orange, sometimes it is orange, sometimes it is yellow… You are the one who has always looked into my eyes, sometimes you have shown me, sometimes you have come, sometimes you will come, sometimes you will come to me, you have a story of mine, you have told me so many things in the evening, I have searched for you, I know whose mistake is yours, what is mine, what was yours? This place, whatever is there, is just for you, even if my soul sings happily, you will laugh so much, you will never torment me if you cry for me, I will never say anything…you will never torment me, if you cry for me, I will never say anything…you will torture me, if you cry for me, I will never say anything. Nahin…You are the only one who is waiting for me in my eyes. Sometimes the blood will come, sometimes you will come. Whenever I walk, you will come to me…It is a story of mine and mine…In the evening, I will tell you so many things…In the evening, I will meet you, I will never know whose mistake… There is history in my-meri-meri-teri baatein..
Carry and Bhuvan both are very intelligent and brave youtuber.But my favourite youtuber is BHUVAN BAM

Best song ever 
Listening in loop….loving this track ️

Its 2023 now let&#39;s see how many legends are listening this og song

This song️...kinda feeling nostalgic 
I came here 15th time

Great voice over every heard sir
Love you bhavan bam sir
Multi talented... Wow

Bhuvan should concentrate on this

You are a gem BB ️
Bhai ye song bohot Mazza aya
This is my one of the Favourite songs i love the vibe i Heard it in 7-8th class when i started watching bb ki vines and i love this masterpiece this will always remain in my ️

I still remember when I was in calss 9 . I used to listen this song and now after 6 years it&#39;s feels still same

Random click : but Wow masterpiece  love it
what an evolution &lt;3

Unpopular opinion... He isn&#39;t a good singer. He should leave singing aside.

2023

This is the place where there is no policy market.
Jab yeh song Aya tha tab be Maine dekha tha or an be dekh raha hun️️

Jab yeh song Aya tha tab be Maine dekha tha or an be dekh raha hun️️

best sooooooooooong i have ever herd
Wow such e beautiful voice️‍
After a long time suddenly remembered this song

Plz upload this song again on this channel, so that this song becomes more popular i.e. goes viral because it deserves it.
Kitne saal pehle suna tha Still love this song ️

Its my favorite

This song is like my heart beat

Still the best one ️

Good

A few years back.. I sent this to a girl and I had a huge crush on her at that time.. That was some five years ago.. Skip to today.. That girl is now my girlfriend and sent this to me saying.. remember once you told me to listen to this song.. BB is definitely bringing memories back for me 

Bhuvan bam literally on 
Masterpiece is here ready to listen 

I have come here after Khwaabon Ke Mele song is released (on bbkv production channel). Bhuvan you have come a longggggg way. Always proud of you boy ️

Bhuvan knows how Love is expressed  I Love this song so much 

'Teri meri kahani' Special song in my heart ️
Watching this song since 2017 now finally I commented. This song is just colorful and pleasant to ears 

Bro 
2023
6 yrs but this song is still my fav 

How can one person be aFine YoutuberSingerComedianDancerVloggerHandsomeAnd also with fresh nature, kind heart, down to earth personality! Love you BB!

BB ki vines bhuvan bam is YouTube India&#39;s first super star youtuber .he acts and sings really good  

Bhuvanianssssssssssssss here rocking!!!
2023 and still this song is a masterpiece ️

Iam From 2023 and i used to listen this song haha it&#39;s my favourite song

This song is amazing

We need chords bb!!

This guy a natural

It's been 6 years since I wrote this song that this song has gone viral.
Every artist do wonders in their budding years, this song is such gold.

BB is 
Your Body is a Wonderland...

WHAT A SONG YPU MADE BRO 5 SAAAL PEHLE SUNA THA AUR JAB SE SUNTA HI AA RHA HU AAJ BHI BHOT JADA REFRESHING LAGTA H BHOT KAM LOG HI H JO KI ESE SONG BANA PAATE H

enjoying this till date

2016 to 2023 still listening this song . Thanks to YouTube algorithm

His every song is like a playlist made by my soulmate ️

Relax boyz, Majority of the population in India is youngsters so they can&#39;t understand this song that&#39;s why they are listening to Carry&#39;s rap

Still one of the fav

Love you bhuvan bam , your voice is amazing 
Great actor, great comedian, great singer, great script writer, great song writer, great song composer etc. All in one means BB.

2023
Waiting for taaza khabar

This song is still ️

Who is here in 2023

Randomly remembered this song

Love  u bro
LOVE you ️ bro and hate you  bro

Awesome song BB Bhai 
Coming back today, just to say that, this song of BB is filled with so much innocence. I still feel happiness listening it. 

This Masterpiece is 6 Years Old !!!!

After 6 years i still cant get this song out of my heart ️

I followed bb when he was just 5k , I am Proud Of Him ️

masterpiece mannnnnnnnn<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/NvgfY9aeC_OFvOMPkrOAsAM"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/NvgfY9aeC_OFvOMPkrOAsAM"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/NvgfY9aeC_OFvOMPkrOAsAM"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/NvgfY9aeC_OFvOMPkrOAsAM"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/NvgfY9aeC_OFvOMPkrOAsAM"></a>.
6 years have passed brother, 6 years! It feels like yesterday that Jio had come, when you could listen to this song on YouTube! BB will always be rocking!
Whenever I feel low This song makes me soooo fresh Here again

Sir, how do you sing like this? Sir, I have become a huge fan of yours with this song.
BB is love

It's been sunny after a long time ️️
Hearing this after 6 yearsIt still has that masterpiece vibe He&#39;s a king for sure

I don't know where to go
This song is still legendary

It&#39;s so good 
Let's find out who is this Awadesh ! N!
This sounds so cute and lyrics is really so sweet ️BB, I don&#39;t know if u r reading my comment or not but I wanna suggest u something,u put together ur all original songs so if u add the song &quot;ban gyi zindegi&quot; from dhindhora in this playlist... It will be great!Pls if u read this comment,keep my request!Love u BB️

Been watching this man since clss 12th(2016) , when we used to hide his video&#39;s in another file taki koi family wale sun na le Bencho Bencho. Haha

Koi itna talented kaise ho sakta hain stand up comedy , singer ,actor aur bhi bahut kuch proud moment for every bb fans 

op

Bhuvan bro is my first singer after singing his comedy.
Omg

I love to hear these songs after 6 years ️Love you BB ki wines
Yaar, what is the name of this webseries?
BB I don&#39;t know mere sath ky ho rha h may be I&#39;m in love with uhhh

Melodiest voice ever
Still here for nostalgia 

Op Yaar ️️
Even today my heart feels happy when I listen to this song.
we want old beard style

Your voice is just awesome ️

Love you bb sir
What a voice

What a voice

Great great song
Still my favourite

Who else is listening after realising that he made this too!!?

Who is listening in 2022

Khatarnaak gajab maza aagya
I didn't think that when I pass the exam, I will become young.
Good old days

Legends are watching in 2022.......

This song is better than carry minati&#39;s Song (agar vo song hi hai toh)

6 years passed

Lovely song

Recommended 6 yr latr

Aaj ke YouTuber ka gane suno (cringe) and bb ke gane is pure gem 

Dude ur my favorite singer
Awesome BB

Broooo this was lit while i was entering my teens!!!..still wish to get back in that time!!!

Chu voiceover + soundmix. Total waste.

Still listening!!  
Time flies very fast .......Love this song bro

Op

It&#39;s been 6 year️.

 2022
I think Carry and BB together would be a blockbuster show !

I&#39;m here 2022...

More than 6 year have been passed but even now love it. ️

Your voice is just so amazing BB. You are an awesome person, great singer, and one of the best vines creator

Who is here after listen maa ki chu caller tune teri meri ek kahani

U are awesome 
I love you bb

On 22nd August 2022, I am listening to this song !!!

Omg after 6 yrs still amazing!

Love this song ️

<a href="">0:00</a>

Biggest fan sir ️️
Besttt️️️
Ur legend man!️️
Fuck brother 6 years gone 
BB fuck all that taza khabar and dindhora,make those old kind of videos plz.

It&#39;s been 6 years still I listen this song 

Its august 2022 let&#39;s see how many are back here to listen this masterpiece.

Still this masterpiece made my day better 

Okay boss. Here i am.
This song deserves a lot Big fan ban gaya bhai Hats off 

Who is listening in 2022 this is fav song and has some positive vibes

Instant mood fresher song ️️
6 years

Listing after 6 years and same vibe

Happy 6years to this magical song!️

Sir your voice is very good. I love it  
Who still listens to my kind of songs?
Abhi vi sun hu hu
Bhuvan may come up with new songs, but this will remain my favourite of his. There&#39;s some different magic to Teri meri kahani 

Bhai mai daily apaka song sun kr day ki surawat karta Thank you for making such a beautiful song 
Legend are watching after 5 years ️

Legend watching 5 years ago

Its 2023 and still good

Every day, every day, every day, Bhuvan Bhai
I support  whatever he does song is the most underrated  content  he does he is singer first  then comedian  his looks are so good in this video 

Love you bb

After 5 years it still rocks

I just remembered this song. It just popped so randomly in my mind. Came back to this video, just to realize its gonna be 6 years since this released. Time flies by so fast doston. Love you BB️

Your parents are really great to have you as their son.. bhaiya love you .. Once a fan, always a fan.️

This should be available on Spotify. Please make it happen.

Oy ️
I dont like the video but song is op bro

Nice song
I chose my heart brother 
love lyrics 
love this song lyrics 

Who is lishening this song after 5 years

<a href="">2:35</a> this is bhuvan to me
My favourite song
THIS AWESOME PIECE IS NEVER GONNA GET OLD
Listening for sleeping Nahi nahi bekar wali baat nahi h Mujhe best in the world music sun k neend aati h

I just love this and sang hoon tere  song the most actually not Every song of yours are favourite of mine. Love your voice . I am listening your song daily atleast twice . Love u ️ sir .

Good song
I was singing this song and i forgot the lyrics and came here to listen Now I know he sings better than me <b>Obviously</b>

Heart touch song
Fav.

No. 1 talented guyWhat a song oh yeah I AM LOVING IT...

I was in 6th standard and now am in 12th still this song is really close to my heart and playlist..... 

BB makes better song than t series who agree 

This song is 100x ways better tv songs

Carry can rap well but bhuvan can sing well ️️

Most underated song ... BB hats off too you man 

Song or result

Bro one more

You have a melodius voice

️️️️ love you always brother
@

@manojday
2022--&gt;still listening 
Best song ever go viral quickly ️️️
Dude it is the best song

This one is soo catchy... Its 2022 and here I am

He can sing, he can write and he can make us laugh.. Bhuvan is amazing

This man laugh us This emotional us This man was entertain usThis man was a all rounder  plz bb give reply 

bhai ek song aur chahiye

Aaj mene fir ye suna it is best

Listening to this masterpiece after 5 years ️

Love this song 
Good yaar
A piece of art ... Jitni baar bhi suno cum hai...

When ever I feel low list to his songs n feel better

90% Armys enter this chat 

His voice is just heart touching

Why this song is too much nice that I can&#39;t even explain..??

This song Deserves atlest 100m view

I really love this song

ILY BHUVANNNNNNNNN

Sir love from ullasnagar , Mumbai ️Be credit and update/top the India from other countries 🇮🇳🇮🇳

Love you....

100x better thn Yalgar ️

This is the beauty of YT India. We have BB the king of Pop, RnB, Acoustic and Carry who raps like a boss

You are my bro bb

Best of bam 

I like this beat man &amp; Op ️️️
Roses are red Violets are blueGive back this era to as today&#39;s yt is just cringe...

1 man talent 100
If you think that how bad the production is,Remember its 5 yrs ago and its fab for that timeLOVE YOU BB

Bhaiya bhaiya 
On song bro
Goosebumps every word

I love his videos but song 
Kdkkkkk

Only Bhuvan bam&#39;s real fans know him since this song

This song is nostalgic ️

BB is king of all talent

Big fan from Pakistan. well done . Allah bless you. you are amazing Bro.

Love you bro ️
Who seeing this video in 2022

love this song

This man is legend

Want more songs just like this one

Love it

O yhaa
Love you BB
nice bro

I don't know why even though exams are about to start, I started having fever a few months ago. Bb ke gaane and videos help me relax and act as a stressbuster for me. 
Who&#39;s Here After 5yrs [2022]

After iqraid nights

Love this

Best ever song ️
Yeh song is my favorite ban already
It&#39;s 2022 ,,This song still gives the same vibe...

Wow I am carry fan But Real Talent IS In BB 

I like this song

What a wonderful song you have, brother, I call it a talent, my mother has got it :)
Here after finishing Permanent Roommates
I love watching BB every now and then, I am a bad boy because I can't watch your video with the main family, although I love BB️️
You are my favourite singer and forever

Love you bb ️️️️️️️
I'm lost bro:v Is there anyone from Indonesia?
Too good BB

One of my favorite song i really like this song 

Best song bb ️️️️️
Wow BB&#39;s voice is so good, just loving the song,he supremely talented️

Oo

This man is one in infinity

Who is here in 2022 ?

Who&#39;s listening on March 2022..

Adorable ......
listing this song after 5 years, Still Refreshing. BB️

listing this song after 5 years, Still Refreshing. BB️

Life was so easy..when this song came.. 

Always Fav

Repeat

I love carry too but bro this is hundred times better than yalgaar.....

editing level: ITS OVER 9000!!!!!

Top favourite from now onwards... just loved every bit of it. I wish I could meet you once sir.

Reminds of someone very very special :(

Super ️️ bb bhai
Hi 2023

Who is watching this in 2022

Very good song.Real talent is this.Bhuvan Bam is real youtuber

BB 

was going for admissionnow going for job️ BB

 Devanshi here..Urf Bbian ️ amazing song yr..your voice has some magic ️ love you Bhuvan Bro.... 
The best descent song as well as cute 

Nice sir 
Al talents in one frame

Best song 𒁂𒈒𒆙𒅒𒐫𒅌
Just 20M views. It deserves 1B+ views.

How many legends are watching in 2022?

Bhuvan Bro's writing talent is very unique, very different and the best, best is not the right word to praise his talent, any upper level word is right to praise his talent.
This guy never fails to entertain us, and he can even sing OPP!

This is the perfect song for Valentines Day.

Bhuban vam
Wow bro

Whoever listening this in Feb 2022, can we be friends forever??

Watch save
School Time yaad ata hai apke channel m bb bro
YouTube recommend me this after 5 years .. ️ his voice is amazing

Can act, sing, make a whole world famous web series,make songsReally a talented ....... God bless ya...... 

This song wont get old/lose its originality even after 20 years

Bhai tumme kuch to different bat hai tumhara content lajavab hai

Sweetest love song ever...️
My fav singer....
I listen this song every day.Wow what a great song.

Devine voice
Nice song bro
This sugar can never get old️️
The lyrics, in this song is osm...In my way...hmm baato baato me kr baithe mulakate.... tuhi toh hai jise dhoondhti hai meri ankhen....Shyam savere tujhe dhoondha Jane kiss-kiss gali.. Teri meri meri Teri baatein purani hai...When I&#39;m sad listen this song and feel heaven.

I m really love this song ️ love u bb️

it&#39;s been nearly 6 years, but still hits as hard

Love you bhuvan bam ️️️️️️️️
I love you bhuvan sir ...
This song amazing I heard so many times of this song

OP OP OP OP OP OP

Wooohohoo! This song..he sung this on TedXtalks...anyone remember? Woah! Literally amazinggreat song

Mind blowing
Love this song .

bb sir your voice is lovely 

You nd ur voice is just awesome

5 years of this song. And I still miss &amp; love you

Anyone from 2022 ️

Wow.... No word.... Big fan of yours 

I recently heard some troll comments on one of the song sung by BB ....... For them people I&#39;m truly sorry for you  You&#39;ll never get what talent means  BB&#39;s songs are simply awesome ! No words to express 

He is a complete package.

Wow no.1 singer

My type of songs

Seeing after twinterview very nice song bhuvan sir

Where was this Masterpiece Till now Yeh YouTube bhi na

Better. Than all of his songs

I MISS THE OLD YOUTUBERS :(

Heard this song 4 years ago and it&#39;s still fresh..Sir aapke har video music evergreen hote hai

Woooooo nice song
Going to 20M views 
Happy birthday to you Bhuvan! Enjoy your day to the fullest, you truly deserve it!

today is Bhuvan&#39;s birthday 

How can a person be so talented 

Bencho bhuvan bhai yarr safed witte colore me to gabber lag rahi ho

Who are here after hearing it in twinterview chinki minki&#39;s new show...BTW LOVED THE SONG....️️

Getting tropical vibes from this song

no one in the wrld has a voice equalent or better voice than bhuvan bam and no one cant

A gana aaj hota to kitna acchaa jata vaii

Everyone praising actors talent but I think bb has more talent than others

Bb new star of india

5 year ago , first time I listen

Sweet and lovely voice

Haaaaaa

Here from 2022 from the video Chinki Minki X BB to listen the whole song. He also sang this song in TedxTalks having title &#39;TedxJuit&#39;.

Now he had no parents but he has one big family which is our we always support bb

....... ........ ........ ................

What is this... stop this...
Bb is very talented person

this song is very op you killed it bhuvan love you bb

I love this song

Beautiful voice you rock as always!!!️ Literally This is my favorite song....

Words are less for appreciating BB.

That shity yalgar bavaisr  got 100million views.

I forgot about this song this was my fav song when it released  thanks YouTube this for recommendation

My favourite show is bb ki vines...

Hey BB your song is so happening 
This song says the difference between temporary King vs real <b>KING</b> ️️

Watch from <a href="">00:46</a>

I was in 9th standard when this was released and Now I&#39;m in college. BB was such a kid like person in 2016 ️

This song is the pain killer after herad Tony&#39;s song

Tony kakar be like iss lyrics toh Mai 6 gaana Likh lu note kar Leta hun

Start watching from <a href="">00:46</a>

Who listens to this song every day 
Love u 
love you bb bhai

Love you sir
Just feeling so bad that I discovered this guy very late

Legends are watching this 2022 
Naes vyre
Love you bro

Acha hai songs
Real talent
5 years and still touch our heart 

Seriously I am in love with this song because of the lyrics and music not because I have any crush

Love you vubhan vi️
Congratulations  25 million subscribers ️️️️️
your songs are very unique and different from normal bollywood songs.

Who is listening after 5 years?
listening this song after 5 years

I loved the song

Now this is my callertune ️️

I know bhuvan ne bhot hardwork kiya hai is song mai..I truly appreciate and even if it is underrated I am obsessed with this song..

You are blessed with this amazing talent.... Use it wisely ️️️️.... Love You A Lot ️

Bhai ap me bahoot talent hai. Mujhe lagta tha ki jo youtubers gaane bhi gaate hai unke gaane bakwaas hote hai but u proved it wrong. Beautiful vice and lyrics. Keep singing 

Awesome Bhuvan Bhai.
bhuvan bhai i love you bro
️️ in 2022
BB is legend
He is multitalented which would not get in this world

Wow feeling so so so relaxation 
Till now I have seen it at least 50 times ️️bb
Bhai mera, this is real me

This viedo so artistical

2021
I like all your songs very much. All are feel good songs and I can hear them on loop 

Who is listen this song in  2022

Mind blowing song

Opp song I was founding this masterpiece from last 5 years and I had found it

Wwwfgg 0mmm(

kids watches yalgaarlegends watches teri meri kahaani
When l listen this song l became too much happy  and you know what one day l getting too mch  pain in my teeth and my brother search this song and l forgot my pain️ keep it up bb️

Hello real fan exists
Who is watching this song in 2021..
Best singer 
What legend song is there brother?
Nise songs ️️️
This was the song which liked the much. Bhuvan bhai keep singing like this some️️

LoveSong️️️ 
Op song bhuvan bhiya भियाया
Hi  Bhavan BHA this song is the best ever

me after dhindhora come Here
Kdk
Legends are watching this at 2021

Feeling lucky to be his fan... Since PPL didn&#39;t heard him before

How lovely can anyone be?
Outstanding song ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️ 
Magical 
Soothing song 

Although it was 5 year&#39;s old song but it still evergreen for many youngsters ...

Her girlfriend is so lucky to have all rounder boyfriend singer, comedian, actor, handsome, cute, and perfect 

Mujhe rona aa gya is video ko dekh kr pata nhi kyu but this is actually a good song...

Wow what and voice

Who after dhindora

This guy is really a badass awesome no words to say man

BB is sooo multi talented 

Yes Yeahh No T-shirt is Gaya??
My dream is that you will get an offer from T series for singing
Brother, are you human??
Legends watching after dhindora

Bohat song hai voice op level

After 5 years, I recognize that he is also very talented Singer️~Talent&lt;Bhuwan 

Which sun is there in 2021 ?
you are god for me .I don&#39;t like music but your music made me like it. Love you dada

he is an all rounder

Who is here after dhindhora song

Op great your voice is great I am big fan of u

Who's here after Dhindora, where did you ask your bb 
Aaa... Bhai... Maja.. ayeeagaya ......,,,
My new favourite song 
I have been looking after Dindora, I don't know what I ate yesterday
This is 100 %better than tony kukker

Brother OPP Bolte Macha Diya ️
One of my favorite song

I live mi gilefrndpulse mi setting  arrange pulse pulse
Teri meri kahani-relased 5 years ago-19m veiws Dhindhora- less than 7 weeks-250m+ veiwsThis is called accomplishment

This is master piece ️

Legends  r still watching in 2021 Dec ️️
After releasing this song !!!5 years already gone️ but still this song give me goosebumps ️

Bhuvan bhaiya please make dhidhora season 2 please 

Who else came from DHINDHORA?

hi

LOVE YOU BHUVAN

Lovely

Sir I love u it&#39;s agirl name Khushi

i dont know why i missed this master piece .BB always rockssss....

2021 December still this is a bop

Op ha bhai
Fantastic ab pata chal gya great singer actor writer sab kuch
Jio tune nahi ho hai hey
Bhai super and love ur videos and songs️️️
Love this so much ️️️(p.s I&#39;m single  still I&#39;m listening 
Teri meri kahani is topmost played song on my playlist than is rahguzar ️️️
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⢀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠀⠙⣿⣿⣿⣷⢳⢀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣿⣿⣿⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢀⠀⠀⣸⣿⣿⣿⠸⠀⠀⠀⠒⠒⠒⠐⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⡿⠀⠒⣋⣙⡒⢰⠀⠤⣖⠒⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⢺⣿⣿⣿⣿⢀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉⠸⠀⡇⠉⠉⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣄⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⣧⢻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⠀⠰⠀⠀⠀⣸⠸⣿⣿⠿⠰⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⡠⠙⣲⣔⣅⢡⣰⣷⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⡿⠭⠭⠭⠭⢿⠀⣿⢻⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠛⣿⢻⠹⣿⠐⠙⠛⠟⠉⢀⣴⡟⢿⣿⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡟⠀⠀⠻⣦⣤⣶⠾⠋⠀⠀⠁⡦⢄⢀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡠⠁⡇⠑⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠔⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠉⠁⠀⠔⠊⠁⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⠀⠑⡤⠤⢎⠁⠀⠀⡘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢢⠠⠀⡠⢆⠀⠀⡠⠙⢄⠀⡸⠀⠀⠀⠀                 its bhuvan ️️️
 after watching Dhindhora 
Reaaly
my favourite song from you(gulabi dil)

my favourate song from you

Just loved it 
I also listened after 5 years, today I have been listening to all the songs of BB... .. Parso there is a test in school.
Maine aaj 6 sal bad ye song suna hai    sir really you are a real star

This song till in trend on BB ke vines channel ..What a superb Song .. rally love it ..after 5 years

It has feeling 

Every bb’s song deserves more views..they’re just soo good!️
New song please

Listening this song because YouTube suggested me

I love this song

best hindi songs r not by arjit or ar rahman, its by bhuvan. His songs touches my heart

bha what are you singing my friend
yooooo

It seems that Bhuvan has signed his sponsorship with Bingo because by clicking on his video, the ad for the sheep is shown on Bingo. It's fun to sing again after 5 years.
5 years past..so quick
Masterpiece ️️️
BB ️️️️️️Love You Brother 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
This song making me happy and emotional too.. Bhuvan bhai ek number song  ... 
Heart taching song ️️️️️️
Love you bhaiya super song ️
I swear I am singing so well that I am not listening to my voice. 
Please upload more music videos

take fameer fuddi in one of ur futre songs

NICE SOBG

Talent sabd kam h bhai ke liyeeeeLove you brother

Real talent
Love you bhuvan bhai you are all in one actor in the world you sing very excellent

Better than any bollywood remake song ...

Nice song
Me: back here after DIDI SONG!
BB you are the most talented person in the world.

How to make this my caller tune

Such a beautiful song.. such a nice video

<a href="">0:50</a>
OMG YOUR SONG IS SO SO SO LOVELE

BUT WHY NEW SONG IS NOT COMING IN 2021️ BHIVAN SIR ️
Love you ️️️ watching in 2021
I listened this song in 2016 when I was on my plane from Pakistan to Malaysia; i was missing my family, friends &amp; country while listening to this song.. I hoped everything will be alright &amp; now coming back to this song when everything is fine .. Gives another feeling 

Big ️ bro 
Bb

One of my favourite song.... Avibi.... 
lets show how many people are watching in 2021

After 5 years found this! 

Pls don&#39;t compare this song it is an insult to this song.

2.40 i reaaly felt in headphones that someones clapping from behind

new song Nikalo
Love you hero 
He is the real superstar &amp; inspection for Our 

Bhuvan I love you️
Waiting for that kind of brother who support me&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;.............

O yeah bb ki vines 

Heard this song more than 100 times..️

Bhuvan Bam ️️️
big      .............fan   ...can i use song my youtube gaming video ..?????
Aawaj️️ is outstanding
The dislikes are from tony kooker and dhinchak pooja true fans

5 years ago but bb voice is awesome️
your name shud b &quot;hope&quot;
It&#39;s underrated AF!

How many true bbians are right now 

2021?

<b>Who sees this at DEC 2021</b>

Nice song
Oho

Who&#39;s watching in 2021

Bhuvan bhai full energy
In search for cringe, We lost this masterpiece ️

Awesome 

Thisssss️
Who all came to listen this in 2021 just after watching the Dhindora Episode 5

Jab pehli Baar a song suna tha..I was in 5th standard ️ NDtab se le kar tak aaj tak this is my fav song .... this is just Epic️️️️️️️️️️
Yaar op
I can&#39;t express my feelings to you bhuvan sir .the kind of Talent you have I have never seen in any other person till now

This guy&#39;s 1 song is better than tony kakkar and dhinchak pooja&#39;s whole career

His hair OMG........
<a href="">00:00</a> Sambhal ke yaar gaane ke video mein bhi gali maa baap se chapal kha aaya hoon Anyways you are yet to disappoint me
All YouTubers fail Infront of bbs singing and comeding

Bhuvan bhai ya's videos and songs babur a che hai u are so talented
Your voice men 
noice

Very love song

No this guy deserve more than 100+ millions subscriber full support bb ki vines

Sirrrrrrrrr...what have you done?
Bb is really underrated ....This song deserves 100 million atleast

What have you said ️
Tony can extract 100 others songs from this

U are so good singer

U are amazing 

most underrated song️️️
reliving few yrs old moments

I need this song in a reprise version of Lofi ️

After listening, my depression went on saying fuck
Your song is fab.. still love it

Loved it buddy

2021 only...️️
best youtuber from india

5 years bad
Wow what a song

Bb is so talented,carry roast video to tik tok make him to reach 30 million+

Hi

Bhai ki voice bhi sahi hai role bhi shi h shoot bhi shi hua lekin lyrics thode improve ho skte the 

Road to 30 million

Teri meri kahani- 19million views in 5 years.....Dhindhora- 20million views in a days....This is the definition of success 

Nice song 
Multitalented person 

Brother, you are a big fan, I don't know how to meet you.
Nice Song Bb 2021 Mai Dekh Raha Hun
I want that song to apply on Dhindora

Multitalented YouTuber ️
That&#39;s the  really talented song

This guy deserve more than 1000 billion subscriber,s

Bb bhaiya deserve 100 million for me he is so talented ️️️️love u so so much
nice song but my fav song is vardaan

Beauuuuutiful song .... Addicted towards it...
Too good 
Bollywood movie level ka song hai Bhai

Op    
What a band yrr...
Right now 2k21 November &amp; i m listing this

He is the best 

Who are more there in 2021

real tallent
Hi bhavan bhai
BB is perfect for this song such a heart touching song

Listening this masterpiece again after 5 years Still Same Feel 

Awesome ️
Your voice is soo satisfying ️
Love it

op tha

the real talent gets in youtube

Best song ever Yaarrrrr.......
Omg so underrated song ever 

One of My all time favourite Song

78,249

Indians: we don&#39;t want remix and tonny kakkr but we will hear them and we are gonna ignore BB

Hasu ki roao
fav song
From this to dhindhora bhuvan had came a long way....

This guy is just awesome with multiple talents

You are amazing absolutely love the song and appreciate your efforts. You are better than most of the singers in India

Super song
Very nice song
I started watching you when I was in 12 class...and it is going on️..love this. Song

This is a magical song..i was so confused &amp; stressed after seeing my chemistry problems..but after listening it my mind starts working &amp; i get the solution

Woah....i didn&#39;t knew edinson cavani can sing so well in hindi
Brother, who else has this talent?
Op

2021 November Who is here like me

Wooow Just osm
On of the best songs by bb

Gold

Welcome 2021 Bhuvan bam lover
Good one.I liked it

his voice is opppppppppp

This song is amazing awesome, baar sunne m maja ara h...️

Who is here after watching dhindora

I remember 5years ago I saw this! &amp; Today I realised the value of this gem! ️Bb is god gifted Talent! 

Another double B ( BB - bambam) sang a song just like your music video. Guys go and check bambam thai singer ost of &#39; I am not a con-heartiest&#39;. I think that music video is inspired from this song🇮🇳.

MV of a Thai movie ost song is quite similar with this MV. Thai MV is inspired by BB&#39;s MV.

When will I eat these Ranbir ads?
Who&#39;s after Watching dhindhora ️️??
This song is very very very very wonderful and best song ever

Who come to watch in 2021?

Masterpiece ️️️
Still fresh  bb also has a good voice

Love you broo

U have a great journey ahead!!!

Legends are here after Dhindora 

I literally don&#39;t know that you are also a singer Cool bro

Someone should take it thus song in movie ️

Far better than carys rap ️
When my sister or friends heard this song, my sister said, 'Shaan', or friends said Sonu Nigam, Kunal Gangawala, Carryminati, when the original singer was seen, everyone was heard, meaning exactly the singer's song is being sung. Hand sof to you Bhuvan sir.
Bhai app bahut talented ho...acting singing....

The powerhouse of talent

This is soooo damn good

Rare talent Bhuban Bhai 

Better than Tommy kukkud.

Bro you are multitalented man
Really man milestone

SO CUTE 
Handsome 

For Me He Is Real King Of Indian Youtubers ️️
Bro..., this is something new level..just loved it️️
I don&#39;t know BB sir&#39;s this talent 

Teri keri kahani 5 years 19 million viewDhindora 2 weeks 40 million + view now thats success

Carry does some shit ass rap ngl. This is real talent

If you are watching this song in 2021 then you are such a legend &amp; I appreciate your music teste️

Who is watching this song in 2021️️
Muti talented hai bb bhai

Multi talented sir️️️️️️️
Love you bhai

So so talented person ever seen ️️️
Gaana release ke 5 saal bad sun rahi hu..One of my favorite song ban gaya hay..Love you vaiya..Superb vaiya superb..Dil se dua karti hu ap sada sukhi raho..
T.T

Put fire in
Much better than Tony kukkur  and Neha kurkure

Noise song 
bhai adj laga di
LIKE SONG
Still worth listening 2021 ️️
In love with your voice

Legend are watching 2021 ️️️ We all love you BB 
First time watching your video, and i like this video and subscribed your channel  because this song is very calming and enjoyable

Better than Tony bhaiya

Missing 2016 when Bhuvan used to rule youtube India. There was no competition at that time,not at all

Bb your voice is too good

I just love love this song 

Multi talented

A true YouTuberA singerA comdianA super kind humanDown to earth person ️BB

God or what 

Better than Tony kakkar.... This Song deserves Atleast 100 million views 

Listing this on 2021

2021 october 24 anyone else listening ?

BB is best than Carry

Talented bnda kasm se yrr



This song.....ahhhh!!!!!️

Lol Bhuvan never used Autotune like Badboyshah and Honey Paaji

Bhaiya I have listen this last time before 4 years ago ... And today I am watching once again but I have not forgotten lyrics I love you bhaiya ️️️️️

Best BB SONG 
Your voice gorgeous and it is very better than carry minati

jhhaaat
video is amazing

Owsom fabulous
Love you BB

Still the best song by bb......

Super ️️️️
My all time favorite song

Aaj sb song bna rhe h but he start everything ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Who is listening this song️ now ..?

OP you bro  Miss you and your family and friends  GIE gamer GARENA FREE  my father birthday is Le my channel for you and your UID and your friends to like me and I love  you are not the most friend dela you and you are the best of the day is very good afternoon I love you too and your family and friends and family members of the same to you and your family and friends and family members of the same to you in Mumbai with the same to washroom of  and your UID and your UID bhej do please reply back to you in the same as I am from India to the day of the day of the day of the day of the

Osm song bhai
This song is underrated

Carry is nothing in front of his voice and his songs ur dope bro

What a song 
Still one of those underrated hits! Always a fan of Bhuvan&#39;s songs

Bhai kaika bollywood or hollywood if our bb bhai is there
so much memories attached to this song

your voice is so good

Bb

Great ️
Op

Even after almost 22m subs, bb is so under rated. Bhai love you 3000

Listened after 5 years

Best song ever

Mil Gaya Acha Alo 
Idot carry is recognised and legend is ignored

Favorite song forever 
Vines of Bhuvan Bam 
Nice

Who got it in u tube recommendation in 2021... Ya still fresh....

Despacito is nothing in front of it.

Voice was a gold It was so much nice Why it is not in bollywood

Is Bhuvan ko bhot lambe time tak miss kiya par ab Bhuvan is back with dhindora

super song Bhai
Legends Are Watching After Dhindhora Series E1 
the true king had brother
This song never gets old Every time listening i feel like first time Bb bhai 

Dust bridge ️
Big fan sir BB ️ I am older viewer 6 years 
Fact ; Recommended 

Oooooooo

I m big fannnnnn of this A, B, CA FOR ASHISH CHANCHLANI B FOR BHUVANC FOR CARRY SIR

Op soong

Bawaaaalllllllllllllllll bhaaaaaaaaai 
Yes there is magic ...it will come with your only 1st instinct

BB is always go great6

Real fann of BB are listening this in 2021

After dindhora?
It&#39;s actually thousand times better than Dhiru Monchik&#39;s and Fukra Inssan&#39;s all song ..

Find this masterpiece after 5 years .. Where was I man ?!!!!

There is a story of mine in my womb, there are countless things to be told, in the evening morning I searched for you, to know which mistake there is an old story in your womb of mine, I am watching the color of the sky, sometimes it is blue, sometimes it is red, sometimes it is yellow, sometimes it is orange, sometimes it is orange, sometimes it is yellow… You are the one who has always looked into my eyes, sometimes you have shown me, sometimes you have come, sometimes you will come, sometimes you will come to me, you have a story of mine, you have told me so many things in the evening, I have searched for you, I know whose mistake is yours, what is mine, what was yours? This place, whatever is there, is just for you, even if my soul sings happily, you will laugh so much, you will never torment me if you cry for me, I will never say anything…you will never torment me, if you cry for me, I will never say anything…you will torture me, if you cry for me, I will never say anything. nahi
Listening this song in 2021

Best song best singer ever u are my best aal
Bhuvan is Very Talented Man 

I&#39;m late...
Legend watch after 5 year 

Itne lyrics mei tone kakar 100 gane de diga तगायोग्य ???
You are right ️️he is legend

Few years later I come back to listen this again 

Sasta Johny deep 
The man born talentedly superb!!! Song no words outstanding

5 years , was in class 6Time flew This one also became nostalgic 

Man how many talent he has he really sing so good really great voice bro...

Nice song. . may you rise and shine

I can&#39;t think how can anybody dislike this song.... literally addict to this song well done bam️

The MASTER with a MASTERPIECE. hatts off BB.

Who is after dhindora ?? 

Love this song from india 🇮🇳

He is best and no 1,youtuber but he lose his subscribers because of a gap of time

Even though he&#39;s has released so many songs but this song is still the best to me till this date

Sumit Vyas is so talented, seen his acting in Tripling &amp; The Permanent Roomate

Best ever bro
Best part:-What is mine, what is yours here...
Who is here after dhindhora

Love you Bhuvan ️ Hope you shine like 
Gjffghghffgjghjhjhjvvhj
Hhvvghhhhhhfrfffggnhgcchgxfcncgfcgfyjfbgfjyfvjh
Super

Loved this song  love u bhuvam bhai 
Are bhanje shabaash shabaash
Dindora op bolte
Better than Tony  ️️
Faltu song hai 
Awesome yaaaaar

BB k gaane &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Aaj kl ke so called raps
My favorite song anytime. Real 

wow brother
Two mins.  Silence for those who don&#39;t  hear Bhuwan&#39;s  masterpieces yet 

After dindhora
very very good song. thanks BB

Bhai yakeen hi nhi ho raha aapki voice h ye
Op bro

Why YouTube always recommand me cool songs late

Bhuvan bhai, how hard is it to meet you once and tell you how important you are in my life or you are very talented, may you always be happy or may you achieve even more success ️️️️  ️️✓
I was felling Bhuvan and Bancho in same time Zoe se bolo nobody 

Tatti song
This song is better than Tony kakkar whole carrier

There is a lot of meat
Legends are watching after 5 years

aarreee wahhh
kaaamaall haiiiiii
woooooooooo

This is the best song from Tony Kakkar
Bollywood wo aakar dekhlo song kaisa hona chahiye . And yes if you are still listening you are a true bb fan .

Op

Listening this after 3 years still gives goosebumps 

Bhuvan bhai big fan of you yrr️️️️️️you are the best youtuber I ever seen️️️️I wish you achieve 50million ️️️
Who is here watching it after 5 years ...

Remembering your starting days 2016 
