Find out the whole truth about this video, become a sponsor and get access to exclusive content <a href="">Find out the whole truth about this video, become a sponsor and get access to exclusive content
Who gave likes to this bullshit...

It looked pretty believable until the hiding behind the tree part lol

Wtf

That bear was huge 

Fun fact about bears. They can smell blood from 1 mile away or more, so if a bear is chasing you, chances are they knew you&#39;d be there and chose you as food.

LMAO CGI bears clearly are slower than real ones and don&#39;t seem to make any noise!! WTAF how stupid do you think people are!!??

Stand still like in rdr2
<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/hcMfY5_zAbbxvwKLooCoCA"></a>
I imagine you and me: In the night full of starsAnd the full moon raising the barsI imagine you and me Holding hands,sitting together And a Gentle breeze from the February&#39;s weatherIn a big house made of woodsSet In a forest with no neighbourhoodsI imagine you and me In arms of each other,holding tightSometimes it&#39;d be after a fight

@Atikailesi 
 CG?
something is hard to believe
what a chance that there were hunters over there to help this guy at the worst time of his life.. Right before the first shot i was thinkin &quot;oh no what is he expecting from this tree, he s so done!&quot;

my name is john liam pidilla mr martin and make mar videyow

who is that idiot shooting in the forrest?

Well..after reading through the comments, I must admit: you did a very good job. I didn&#39;t realize it was CGI and even knowing, it&#39;s 95% real for me, despit the fact that he would have smelled you behind that tree lol..

Is the bear CGI?

Never abandon your bike if you dont have to! Pick your bike up hop on a keep riding, especially near a bear! It will catch you on foot

<a href="">0:13</a> that moment when ur adrenaline rush to maximum lvl

WTF

Your new motivator seems great!

This video is about as real as the T rex footage in Jurassic Park

grizzly was just saying hi!

it’s obvious that this is an insert
Grizzly bears can run up 35mph. There is no way someone could out run one on a bike

Where???   Full tresh…

Shocking. A bear  living in a forest.

Video fake bear is much faster, he would have caught up
it looks like it was pasted xd
I&#39;ll make sure to bring camere wherever I go from now, they always survive LOL

saved by a hunter firing his rifle.. lucky they spotted them

Aw man he just wanted a hug, good grief!

Boy did he get all shitty
Grizzly remake

Blyach fly that for installation naher?
At this speed, I can get a place in the Olympics
Omg, I would’ve panicked and fallen right off the bike.

Freddy fazbear

nice montage

Is that bear real or just cgi?

I’m glad you’re safe dopdoc
This looks fun and scary at the same time.

A lot of tree

Big! ! ! fast! ! ! scared! ! ! It's no good if you get off your bike.
I will go on pilgrimage
I don&#39;t know what to think of this. Weird.

<a href="">0:12</a>This is the first point where I think this video is unnatural. (laughs)
I liked the video, it looks very good. :○
Everytime he turned to look back that Bear was like, &quot;Yep, still here!&quot;

looks like a graphic
Do not disturb the bears in their habitat.
Bear - Check point! The best time lap! You are Welcome!

RIP to all the people who cant spot CGI

Is thsi cgi?

Why do you keep living like this. What such compulsion is there? you are responsible for this situation.

Low Quality bait.

Freddy Fazbear be like:

the best thing is not to joke with a bear, but the best thing is to get away from it
That bear was going at full speed

He's a badass....it made me sick....
Brazilian system - how to make a cyclocross champion!
If you look really closely, you can tell that the biker is actually real.

2024

Synthesis at all costs
I hardly imagine if I were him!!

The bear was just heading to Burger King..coinscedence

Oscar huh? DiCaprio got jealous
This bear is 100% a nextbot.-Inconsistent Lighting-On a Two Dimensional Plane-No Walking Sound-Chases Person

It&#39;s like riding a bike in New York....

The bear only wanted to chat,

He was fortunate to be saved from the bear!

fnaf 2 movie looking decent so far according to this trailer

This is the type of video I&#39;d know not to waste my time on if only I could see the dislikes

Pov : Temple Run Real Game
The incident takes place in Turkey

I don't know, Rick, it seems fake.
imagine thinking your 5 speed tiny bike can outrun a CGI bear.

The bear always knows where it’s at because it knows where it isn’t

beaver attack
Crash Bandicoot 2

Where was it?

Hahahaahahaha, pretty good
where do you sell drugs
He just wants to tell you about our lord and savior Jesus Christ bro stop running

He tried

Wow, bear runs so fast that he leave his own shadow far behind 

A VR game 9 years ago itself? Wow 

the horror

Fake
Scent
Ask an urban mtb’er..I usually take advantage of riding local trails when it’s too …unbearable ‍️[heatwaves mainly ]…I’m always alert for this type of encounter…mans needs to work on his cyclocross skills,I’m NOT leaving behind a functioning bike over running…from a  

This is the original story
unless it is than that&#39;s my b.

Guys. That aib&#39;t real commonbe better guys. seriously.

bear : YEEZY SEASON APPROACHING
Scary, glad you made it
temple run brave
FNAF VHS&#39;s be like:

for a sec, I thought it was real lol

I was rooting for the dude while watching it nervously
[

Dude better not stop peddling because if he does, he&#39;s bear shit.

The bear can smell your essence , he&#39;s not blind

Run, don't stop))) if you don't see him, it doesn't mean he doesn't smell you...
And they say bears don't attack 
That’s his  pet no bear  will chase any person for a long time.

this shit is real??<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/A8MfY-_pEIKNr8oP78-AGA"></a>

Amazing chase scene
WoW, much more heartbreaking than the movie plots 

Imagine if cycle unchained

Actually our guy could use this bear for his next championship!

Installation from a disabled person
Imagine you front uphill when attack by bear 

That’s scary

Dam 49m for a cgi bear

Faker than a plastic coin 
Great Editing

Crazy
The tree blocking the road and then hiding behind the other tree is every horror movie

Freddy fazbear

Amazing how the bear didn&#39;t make a single noise at all

Believe in Jesus Christ and you will have Everlasting Life, to believe in someone, you are convinced that they are true. If you Believe in Jesus Christ, you will be Saved by Grace Alone through Faith Alone in Jesus Christ Alone, John 3:16, KJV. Once you are Saved, you are always Saved, John 6:37, KJV....

Who are you people who live in bear country that go out inna woods with no gun?  Seriously?

Hell, I was really worried myself. Thank God the bear was distracted by gunfire
pure fake
Temple run 3

<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/A8MfY-_pEIKNr8oP78-AGA"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/A8MfY-_pEIKNr8oP78-AGA"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/A8MfY-_pEIKNr8oP78-AGA"></a>
A unique adventure with a strong player. 
Just like in a horror movie with the tree branch in way while the bear is just behind you.

I don&#39;t think we have grizzly in karpatian  mountains, we certainly have lot of bears though. Also , find strange there was someone in the woods all of sudden shooting bullets to the air to frighten the bear. Anyway great video having the gut to film this and put yourself into the danger 

Beware next time venture into the woods because would be waiting for you. They know your scent and can smell you from parameters of the forest.

If it is to upload videos, this idea is very stupid, don't you think about your family?
Why did I say it brother? Unko also live your life
Freddy Fazbear during the weekend:

Gaand fatt ke haath me Aa gyi hogi

Five nights at freddy&#39;s

No, when the zipper is closed (TOT)
In the words of Dawood Powerchin, maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
<b>Sees bear</b>&quot;OH SHIT pedal faster pedal faster PEDAL FASTER&quot;
That made me laugh hard

If you set the video to speed 0.2, and look closely at the moment the bear appears, you can see that the bear was simply made in Photoshop
Nice editing bro ️     ️ 
oh, there's a little bear there, there's nothing to be afraid of, if a Yeti attacked them, then they would find out what a dangerous animal it is, in the USA, the Yeti roams the mountains, it only eats a lot of people there, these townspeople are afraid of everything, soon they will they will be afraid to leave their blocks
This is a effect used on this plzz don&#39;t  don&#39;t make people mad when you also a mad 

I should have installed a speedometer
and then the bear saw the car...
Its not edited . Its a big grizzly just playing mood

This is me running in my dreams 

9 years ago..
Fake bear visible
This looks like a composite
Lol this video is 9 years old and besides it's Russian
Did Marvel made these FX ?

bro  it&#39;s good that this is still a montage 

Bears run at a speed of at least 40 km/h, you could only overtake him using the magic of editing
The ultimate workout partner

The meaning of the phrase &quot;Freddy fastbear&quot; has acquired new colors

This is a montage

Hence proved<b>Cameraman never dies</b>
temple run wale game jaisi feeling aa rhi h 

In Japan, if you attack that bear, you will be criticized.
Man running from bear.. bear then running from the sound of bullets 

Mucha anxiety
crazy shit, how fast were you going? don&#39;t bears run 40 mph?

Man, that was scary.

I mean any sane person would have lifted their bikr over that branch and kept on cycling.

Thus guy&#39;s panicked breathing lets you fully understand the gravity of the situation.  

It is not assumed that a bear runs like a racehorse approximately 60 kilometers per hour, so this video is false since it would not have been able to escape even with a bicycle, the maximum speed that one can reach is 30 kilometers per hour.
I put it in the locker 
Its the hunt in phasmophobia game

fear
Thats a valley, not a gully , hope your doing well chap 

Mum: Shut up the game isnt that scaryMe in FNAF:

My friend and I were leaving a homeless person in the forest
Run away Sabir Run away)) <a href="">
Tough 
Who put that branch in the way

God
Damn what about the person behind him

9 years ago, tough
Normal day in Russia:

It’s worrisome that so many people think this is real 

Bear was out for blood. Jurassic Park.

I showed this to my friends on purpose and there reaction was horror suspense

Nice pasted
Pet bear
Who was shooting at the end!?? The shots scared bear away. He was going for guy

Is everyone hinting that this is a vampire bear?  ...No shadow...
This is not real bear bro 

my nightmare every day !

Imagine his bike gears get broke when he shifting it

No, grass
This is main reason camping belongs indoors 

Did you still alive after this incident ?!!!

Happened to me otw to Morrisons

J8pn

fear
I hope you don't lecture me in front of your subordinates lol
Seriously too scary
Synthesis lol
Why was this so cgi like why wasn’t he screaming or anything IT’S A BEAR

Terrifying!!A Colorado Mountain Grandma USA ️
Real forest bear
You just earned a new subscriber 

Omg!!! (ᗒᗣᗕ)?
Was that bear AI edited in?

The bear decided to ride the bike back

This is called &quot;fight or flight&quot;, a survival instinct that will save your life. GOD this situation is horrifying!

Oh FFS.. that’s that trained movie bear…. Cocaine bear 

Wakasa's skeleton is already cool
Cgi lmaooo

Fake
Real bears are faster than horses but CGI bears are slower than a guy in a bike... Who would had tought?

I left the tent and probably did everything there.
Its November 2023

Well, where are you going, he just wanted to offer to fly in a helicopter.
What if the bear ride the bycicle too (dont say that i am copying that comment above of me )

Camera man be like:- I am always with you . 

this editor needs an Oscar award

Where did the hunters come from?
Faker 
Strange how the same person has so many bear encounters

Oh my gawdd i almost shit my pants for you dude 
God forbid the chain comes off at such a moment
Too scary
Computer graphics ‍️‍️
One of these days might end up being a REAL Bear in front of him!!!

Oh yeah on foot is so much faster and safer!

Yup, those pants are a write off

oh i didn&#39;t know they attacked like that suddenly chasing you...is there a specific trigger for this? It&#39;s sooo scary

temple run
This is how they set speed records
Surprise Mf
Why don’t they carry a gun?

Bear.. eats.. not eats
CGI improving from the original bike video

Good thing the CGI bear didn’t get you, that was a close one!

Please use the same footage but instead of the cgi bear put in something fantastical like a raptor or chupacabra 

I rode this with my daughter and it was really scary because the height looked different depending on the direction you rodeI rode it twiceIt was scary
This is a montage. If the Bear was hanging on his tail, he would attack! Why then did he catch up?
No thank you!! You can have your nature trails. Nature is all around on those trails. You never can tell what’s going to be there next time, a mama bear with cubs??

So lucky not to have hit a rock or something and come off !

Are you getting wild?
Oh My Goodnesss️ Thank you Jesus he got away.
synthesis?
I pause the video and it just doesn&#39;t look real when pause to see the bear. Everything looks blurry except the bear looking sharp on the body.

Look closely. It&#39;s CGI.  .
I saw that video, but I didn't think it was from Sobayu.
Idiot. Always carry.

freaking bear got mad speed
Show for idiots, starring a super idiot 
A brown bear yet. Jeeze!

CGI BEAR IS SCARY

Why did he come out right away?
THE MAN IS DEAD?

I like the fact this guy has 9 year between posts

Are you serious? It’s drawn af

He just wants to play
The amount of people who thinks this is real is astonishing

Haha Did you pull a cardboard bear on a string? Btw, the new version is much better
Nice installation:)) but burnt:)
synthesis? !
Thats why aliens dont visit us. Branches in every bad situation !

cgi

Why would you even turn around?

Years ago I thought it is real, but now after watching the new tent video... I&#39;m just one of 42M idiots.

The closed tent overlapped with my alarm, which was turned off when I went back to sleep.
What a cute pet bear.  What a lot of work went into setting up the tent to get that shot.  But hey, some people were convinced.  The yelling wasn’t the best acting though, and the breathing should be heavier.  But the skit fooled many, so it worked!

This was NOT an attack.

That is the same bear that years later visited the same guy in his tent. I think it’s time for them to get married and live happily ever after 

Yea my ass that really happened

Looks CGI definitely
Run little bunny run 
Terrible montage
He was lucky that he had a bicycle
CG

Bro this is a deep dark memory in my brain

thanks for recording

Many people watch edited videos
SO glad we don&#39;t have bears in Australia because 

The bear set up a roadblock in advance...and still dumb.Imagine, if there was another bear appearing in front of him

Tire service
I'm too scared of bears riding a charinko.
Tire service
If anyone thinks this is real you’re hilarious lol

Some of this people don’t realize everything out there it’s trying to kill you.

Where t f its your gun

He was saved by the shots being fired in the background

This is a montage

In any life-threatening situation, start filming everything on camera, survival is 100% guaranteed
Where are the flying coins that he must collect along the way?
After watching this, parkour videos became boring... this is the real thrill
He just wanted to talk to you about your cars extended warranty

After all this time, I realized that it was just graphics and not a real bear)
Looks like the hunter at the end saved the biker&#39;s life by shooting warning shots in the air.

NOBODY but Jesus !

too scary
Dear god wait until joe rogan see’s this

How is it you&#39;re always coming across bears for no reason?  Pfft!

What an idiot, the bike was barefoot, it’s a miracle he survived
I get it. After reaching the fallen tree, the bear got stuck in the textures

this video not real....

Here we go again - more Clickbait about a bear attacking you… You need to get over yourself. You don’t understand the difference between a bear attacking you versus a bear charging you. Those are completely different concepts. I know it’s hard interacting with all these new ideas in your life – but it’s time to be real and stop blowing things out of proportion. This is no more a bear attacking you than your neighbors dog that’s barking at you is. If you didn’t get even scratched or mauled, then I don’t see how you can even justify calling this a bear attack. Had that bear actually wanted to attack you, you wouldn’t have been able to even escape from it on your bike.

Stupid not to have bear spray

best coach

The editing is better and the quick reveal of the bear, makes it look more realistic, than your other video 8 years ago.

Damn Bear set a Trap

What a stupid show this is, the bear has gone bad and hasn’t collapsed the tent yet and hasn’t torn the shadows and you can tell your Zhora, yeah
Well, what the hell with such races.....
If it was REAL you’d be hearing the guy screaming a 1000 FUUUUUUCKs 

Handsome


Three bears were chasing me like that once. Why are there three, all five!
I wouldn't call it an attack. A bear can run at a speed of 50 km/h, so it can catch up with a cyclist.
My heart literally dropped when I saw that branch in the middle of the road. 

I almost got my face ripped off alive while riding.
This bear is fucking with you and got triggered by the fact you’re making a runner. They can easily speed up over 50 km/h over a short distance.

Don&#39;t turn back when ur going that fast because you might get fall down on that sand road

“Why are you running?! Why are  you running?”

Great movie and the author's parents are normal guys!
Joe rogan 
Bear &quot; where are you going buddy? i just wanna talk&quot;

LOLOL a tree branch really!?

I think CGI

Wow that was crazy! … My mom recently had an encounter with a big black bear. He or she was napping under our deck. She was cleaning up around the yard and heard a grunt or a huff. She looked around and then went to look under the deck. She came face to face with the bear… then said “Oh sh**” and slowly backed away. Anyway, THIS bear never moved. She said he or she must’ve been too comfortable. 

I would have been very scared! Well done for escaping! In what area did this happen??
Who else&#39;s soul instantly left their body when they saw that fallen branch blocking the pathway ️️

Motherfuckers. It's like a horror movie. How long he followed too. Love bears, incredibly nice animals but also very dangerous at the wrong time.
bullshit

This is almost as scary as the fact that the earth is actually flat, we&#39;ve never been to the moon and America is really Egypt and the Mississippi River is actually the Nile River aka the Euphrates River lol. Oh and the Devil&#39;s Tower in Wyoming is really a giant&#39;s foot loaded with gold and pyramids are really giant&#39;s feet loaded with gold and all along the Mississippi River uh, I mean the Nile River aka the Euphrates River used to be many pyramids that have been taken down. Tons of gold up an down them. Insane how much gold is actually in the United States lolol

Looks too &quot;cinematographic&quot; to be real... something feels off

Bro. That was SCARY. Daym

fake
Put it in slow motion at <a href="">0:38</a> that bear was trotting, crazy

Why don&#39;t bicyclists carry bear spray when riding in the woods?

Ha ha production. Not high quality.
A pestle in your hands will save the situation
Bears dont usally atack human blablabla

You were very good
That’s Shawn chaseing tanner

this is not a real bear!!!

Genius of editing, I remember watching this on the show Animal Reporter...
It&#39;s like Temple run!
OMG SUCH A CLOSE CALL. IM GLAD UR ALIVE

Png

<a href="">#whattodoomg</a>
The hunters should have their own call sign like batman. Something like a gun with diamond in the back.

If I were the bear I&#39;d take the bicycle and keep chasing the man

i would have bunny hopped that tree no problem, and continued to pedal my ass off!!! got to have been the scariest chase ever!

when you hid behind the tree the bear would probaly see the bike and walk closer to you and when i saw it we can all agree that it is CGI

Absolutely terrifying.

Bro you should&#39;ve fought it like dicraprio in revenant. 

You’re lucky it was down hill!

This is how you should ride in a bicycle race, you would immediately be first. 
Is it a real video? trick?
Like  a  my  bad　dream！Open  my eyes with  my scream.

Put yourself in that state. Imagine being chased by a Grizzly Bear. I know &quot;play dead&quot; but still thats really scary

Is that freddy fazbear? Har har har

Ending: He just wanted his bike

The main thing is not to fall...


Could he have gone around the branch and stayed on the bike?? Anyone else thinking this?

Actually bear wants to ride his bicycle but he refused and then ran away

An exact temple run 
Bro atleast you got away bc it would be very scary

Is this even real??

Cola?
Guess who wore the brown pants today

I swear to God, I WILL GO TO Hajj 
Why did you not scream PERKELE SIIHEN ET KOSKE SAATANA VIE

Tree bro climb tree
Bro was about to be meals on wheels

Hey there&#39;s my pet bear cone here monokuma

WOW!!!!!!!!! IS THIS REAL????

the adrenaline you get from this video is insane when you imagine yourself in his shoes , this is when you think its not cgi

Clearly the bear just wanted a little bit of healthy competition in running, he didn&#39;t mean to attack 

the fakiest bear i&#39;ve ever seen lol

Just add music from subwaysurf here

FNAF: Nature Edition

actually this video is bogus
POV: Fnaf security guard

Today I have no motivation to exercise, I think I'll go out on a bike through the forest...ahahahahahah
FNAF trailer

Also noticeable absence of profanity: f8ck! Jesus!! et al

VR horror game should be made where you run away from a bear.

Better not come to a dead end in the trail

The bear proved his hypothesis: These newbies on BMX will not be able to jump this low branch

The real bear in a tree eating berries wondering what kind of berries this guy ate.

Is that freddy fazbear?

Best photoshop ever made
Camera man Never die
did he survive?
I would have amazing workouts with this friend running behind me.

Never rode a bicycle or stand alone in forest unless you have a Shot Gun

no one questioned why the bear was so quite ?

BEAR  LIES  !!!   

Bad dream
Kacee is the prettiest

The light source doesn&#39;t match

Chain breaks…
The bear just want to say hello

Dang. The bear chased him through so much of speed on bicycle but couldn&#39;t figure out he was hiding behind a tree and not even smell him. Damn, that&#39;s one dumb bear.

<a href="">0:53</a>
Ya should’ve had a 454 Casul

Out of all places .. At such a time when there’s a life and death situation..a branch is in the middle of the path ‍️ The anxiety from watching that part is crazy

Does this man run away to avoid attacking the bear? Which means, he will attack the bear if he don&#39;t run away from it? The problem with English is this.Why don&#39;t you say &quot;run away from an offensive bear.&quot;

This is why one should always have bear mace

boring..!!!!!!

A real bear would have smelled him a mile away.

is that freddy fazbear

The lighting on the bear doesn’t match the lighting in the video…

Seek chase be like;

who put that fuckin&#39; tree in the road??

He should have had a burly Russian guy pop out from behind one of the trees and start wrestling the bear.

it can be seen that this is a montage



Pedal until you give up
I thought such treacherous snags on the road only happened in movies.
Slow the video down to %25 in your settings - you can see the different textures and digital format of the bear … it’s edited for sure. Look a <a href="">0:12</a> - <a href="">0:13</a> .. you can see the , “bear’s” feet/paws line up and shift in the direction of the camera like it’s on ice … it was video edited

I was scared for you 

Pause the video at 35 seconds and you’ll realize you’re the “bright” one.

har har harhar har har harhar
Oh shit is that Freddy Fazbear
<b>Some days it’s hard find</b> <b>motivation…… other days</b> <b>motivation finds you!</b>

That makes him a sprint champ!

Bear: come here you

Nice edit
pls remake now with generation ai, will fool another 40million people

That was a rare escape, God saved him, the man must’ve been terrified, not knowing if the road would be open, finding a tree blocking the path, having to hide in a fairly open area, with a hungry grizzly and its incredible nose in hot pursuit.  I honestly don’t know why people go hiking and cycling in their territory like that.

The bear has his bike now.

The bear played his role well
Bear video on the internet I died watching it ffs. Wow!

The cgi is amazing ngl

How to escape a bear: Hide behind a tree even if it&#39;s skinny it won&#39;t matter because the bear wouldn&#39;t hear you.

bear has no motion blur lmao

What a chase, I hope you are ok ! 

The road, please don't end!
That very moment when you kick yourself in the ass for not buying an E bike

Oh shit is that Freddy Fazber?
bear can run 30mph, so it could have killed the rider. it was just enjoying chase.

What if the chain falls off the bike?)
<b>Legend has it that the bear is still trying to catch up to the man to let him know he dropped his wallet to this very day</b>

That bear is dumfounded. Where did this human disappear to? 

I&#39;m constantly searching to be as lucky as this guy. I found a video explaining what to do in a bear attack. <a href="">

When he stopped at the branch I thought it was over

Guys is this Freddie fazbear ar ar ar

That whore has a fart
The bear was also fearing for his life and unfortunately he might haven&#39;t had the same fortune to be alive.

The bear apparently had his own interest in whether he would overtake a bicycle or not, sports competitions
Imagine if he turned back, the bear was riding a bicycle too

The bear actually directed and starred in this film - and did a very creditable job.

New FNAF game looks too realistic!
Bear speed 120

This was a Great Intro Trailer for Far Cry 7

The bear definitely aint real. Its too slow, and floaty? I guess, its not really going with gravity is what I mean.

The day wished bike had that ET capability

Where is that video from?

That was so intense watching this, man peddling for his life to get away from the grizzly bear .

Thank God someone else had a gun!  jeez

Fucking car insurance bear

Remember to learn how to do bike-jumps. Noted

CGI

Clickbait.   Report the video as &quot;misinformation&quot;- let&#39;s get this guy banned.

My God, that man is lucky to be alive. He shouldn’t have tried to run from the bear - that signals to the bear that you are prey

Anyone here in 2023

Bear was like, “Where’d you go Potter!?”

I swear to God, Oda Hamad 
Grizzly bears can outrun a galloping horse.  I don&#39;t see any way that this guy could have outrun a bear if it was really after him.

bad montage

liar.
I ask forgiveness from God Almighty and I repent to Him. The number of His creation, the satisfaction of Himself, the weight of His Throne, and the ink of His words are as many as those who remember have mentioned and those who are heedless have neglected to mention Him until the Day of Judgment.
I don't know where it looked real at the end
fotoshop clearly

Yogi was just trying to warn bike man/woman of the limb 

It's a mistake to ride your bike on that deserted mountain. If you do this, you should also take such risks.
Oh my gosh. That bear didnt stop

Lucky man
Scaryyy 
Dumb peoples goes to their territory

LESS WANT TO EAT THAT BEAR
truchos

Cyclist training "according to the Brazilian system".
Its no wonder the bear took off after him, you arent supposed to run from one.

Imagine falling of that bike

Blud escaped with his life ????

I believe
You feel very yummy for him 

Even CG is scary
That was close !
C&#39;mon man, the bear just wanted his bicycle

What the hell kind of man!))) Pussycat is trying to run away from a non-existent bear!
Good montage

For me, driving away is not running, you idiot
Bear probably said to his friend. Hold my beer and watch this 

fun fact : bears have great sense of smell , even better than blood hounds . That hiding behind a tree so close to trail is literally an invitation to dinner.

Photo shop

Yes, this is much more interesting than the Tour de France.

Faker than my ex wife&#39;s t**s she bought with my money.

 cgi
It was going down his legs ! 

Is this real?

I associate the word attack with nothing but titans, like bears
I'm dying! 
If the bear wanted his arse it would have had it, they can run at 35 mph.  You have to be intellectually challenged ride a bicycle on forest roads without a gun.

Did a bear eat you?
It is advisable to avoid triggering the predator/prey instincts of a bear. Instead, one should maintain a neutral stance and hold their ground. In the event that the bear advances, defensive measures such as the use of firearms may be necessary.

People love CGI bears


I am sorry for using your video. I’m new at this tell you the truth. I didn’t know I had to have permission. But I’m trying to do the right thing. Can I please get your permission to use your video thank you.

If that bear had really wanted to catch him he would have. Would never have had time to glance behind .

reason why I always carry a magnum revolver or a 10 mm

My pants would be full.

I bet his legs have never pedalled so fast 

Probably the bear needed a bicycle 
Omg
As you can see, if you look in the trans script, he will say he added the bear in the editing phase

The bear is like, &quot;come here you delight&#39;&#39;
🇦🇿️🇺🇦  Learn to do the BUNNY HOP! 
Legend has it that bear ate his

That bear is blind as heck and obviously has a cold as his nose Isn’t working

Smokey the bear does get a bit quirky at times

Talk about motivation

I missed the food.. Sigh;;
Haha, it's synthetic.
Imagine another bear pops out

Dramatic footage.

Keep it up until you eat it))
The fallen tree was terrible.
Plot twist the bear is his trainer ensuring that the cyclist doesnt slack off on his run.

Photo montage... Disgrace
I think the bear was over exposed in the composition.Dial it down a bit, it will look more realistic

I can feel the fear in your breath
Let’s be honest. We all know the bear wasn’t serious lol.

Who put the tree block on the middle of the road???

I take it very seriously
Man, you&#39;re just lucky it wasn&#39;t on cocain.

Would you look at that? Guns do save people. Take a look joe lovers and take notes

Any idiot will understand that this is not real
It was me who was on the bear.
Maybe the bear wasn't aggressive, he wanted to steal your bicycle.
What if the bear met Chuck Norris? 
Actually, pretty good. The camera blur matches and there&#39;s good roto to put it behind the tree. The lack of shadow isn&#39;t even that troublesome, given that it&#39;s an overcast day. The biggest problem is a compositing issue: the shadows of the bear are darker and more saturated than the plate. It just needs a bit of color adjustment.

Now that’s what I call a workout, stay hard

Pedal until you catch up!
Fraudster
nice photoshopping

At least you could have taken the time and matched the lighting...

cheering...
Might want work on color correction, getting framerates matched, same resolution, and giving the bear some sort of shadow so it doesnt look like different footage just playing over it

cgi btw

 looks too cute for the real

you need to ride with weapons if you want to survive in this crazy world
Yo wtf I will be traumatized if I am this guy.

Insert skyrim battle music

You can&#39;t outrun a bear but you can Outcycle him.  Thanks for the info

Chain comes off...

What if the bear was smart enough to put that branch on the road as a trap

CGI Power

The day you wished your tire pump was a Jet Pack

CG

Why didnt he jump that small branch and kept riding?

Here the importance of good cardio. ️
congrats, you just got fooled

My God !! Like an horror movie
OMG 
They say nothing enrages a bear like a man-bun

Returning to the bicycle, the bear caught the man and tore him to shreds.
great fake and everyone fell for it
A good cyclist is a living cyclist! Just lucky no more no less.
It doesn&#39;t even look remotely real how are people so dumb

This is serious horror 
This one dropped about 10kg of shit along the way
thats one way to have a good workout! biking for your life!!

I'm afraid to go to Canada
What if he was peddling up hill

I told that biker to stay off my grass...dagnabit

You didn&#39;t get the point of this video. This bear was from the circus. Never steal a bike from a bear.

The whole thing is scripted and that grizzly is special effects.

no effect hahahaha
I'm going to have a heart attack, my goodness. Haha.
Regulations level 1 class
Phew, he could have lost teddy bears...
Good thing he saw the bear when he was riding DOWNHILL

In fact, the owner of the bicycle was a bear.
and...
if i was you i&#39;d be scared as heck

the legend is that the bear sold this bike on eBay to the same guy the left there on the forest.............great CGI, btw..........

Disney quality CGI bear still slower than bike.

No matter how you look at it, this is a composite.
worst cgi ive seen in a long time

“Sir…. you dropped your wallet”

Nice edit
Looks more like Skyrim
Looks real to me..didnt waste no time getting off bike and running.

And remember, friends, try not to cross paths with a bear, and less if it is hungry, because in terms of food, he makes a whole menu

Why doesn’t the bear ever win?

Well, you're lucky you managed to escape, good thing the hunters intervened, good job :)
I mean, if that is what you need to inspire you to give 100% in a workout, then good on you.

wasn&#39;t that just a big cat?

I used to like when TV was for science fiction and internet clips were real. Roles are reversing.

b.S

If you look closely, then you will see that the bear doesn&#39;t even have a shadow, so its 100% clear that its edited lol

Why　did he turn right?

Are the people who filmed the video still healthy and safe?
Wow, incredible.. You are one brave soul for going through this..

Looks so real Not

the scariest part was when the bear started to hunt the guy down.

The bear had a go pro aswell

truly awful vfx, artist should be ashamed

what attack?

I will never give up my human advantages. Bear spray, high-power gun and an e bike with a top speed of 60mph. If my bike runs out of battery life it would be unfortunate for the bear. I even keep a 45 side arm just in case I don&#39;t have time to play around 

to shit on.!! 
He bearly escaped

It looks like a fake synthesis though
The most animals can run with a speed of 40 km/h and more. A randomly Biker drives max 25 km/h. We are so weak 

This is Putin chasing a Ukrainian man 

Diabolical! Bear dropped a branch on the trail prior to ambushing the cyclist. He would have gotten away with it if it weren’t for those meddling hunters!

Is it a big bear  You see it twice in every country 
idiot

You know for being chased by a bear he&#39;s just acting calm

Simply scary. Bears are fast and have great endurance. It's a monster.
Must have a horseshoe hidden up his ass. Lucky sob

When I saw the branches... I felt hopeless
This turned into Subway surfers all of a sudden. But instead of a skateboard,  dude gets a bicycle. Or Temple run for that matter ....Instead of a monster a bear   comes. Lol 

What a bastard the bear
assembly
Somehow the nerves would&#39;ve gotten to me and i would&#39;ve fell

Mishka just wanted to ask how to get to the library
This is why I only ride things with engines that will outrun a bear or a dog.

Legend says the man is still running...

Wow!

cocaine bear

Some kind of cartoon bear
Cool installation...
And after all that, you woke up with a wet diaper, didn't you donkey?
The beer just knew very soon u ll be tired

Such a risk

The bear is like : Damn this guy has a lot of stamina 

These new video games are increasingly difficult to differentiate from reality

This is 150 dumb way to die

Don&#39;t leave without me 

Hater’s gonna say it’s scripted 
You can see from a mile away that this bear is pasted xDD
Best workout ever

Never abandon your bike that’s your fastest way out of that situation

bro imagine
You have to had  too bad luck if branch it’s in your way while you running for your life .

Jurassik park

Somehow after watching this video I wanted to go to the toilet
Tin
Temple run
Luck u

And the new Guinness World Record goes to:

Good job
How did he film the bear behind him while he was holding the bike handles with both hands?And his hands didn&#39;t have any camera.

the bear is in 4k and footage is in 720p

Seriously too scary. And is it okay to hide somewhere other than the road? I'll be curious after that.
Bro, what if another bear sitting on the road suddenly? what will he do then?Only 

this would make a great concept for a live streaming channel or reality TV game show, especially if they don&#39;t always get away 

Wow

Lucky his shirts was green omg

Best training :D

Why didn’t you give the bear a bicycle, that’s why he wanted to take it away himself, because everyone knows that this is his favorite type of transport!!..
Fun fact, brown bears can run up to 35 mph. Lance Armstrong in his fastest ever sustained pace rode at 28 mph.

Adrenaline released
No, no, no, I'm being chased so hard! I'm being chased and it's scary!
what a scary png picture you have to run away from it fucking
Bears have the stamina &amp; power to chase a moose for 10 mins. This didn&#39;t convince me that it was real, but, dude is looking for views, not factual reality.....

How fast this big bear is

That&#39;s a bear trap.

I can feel the lung burn and jelly legs just watching 

That f ing branch HAD to be there.

He&#39;s lucky it was down hill

Well good luck in real Life play hide and seek whit bear.. hopea The wind IS storming and u r under The wind compares to bear..

I can’t believe ppl though this shi was real 

synthetic cedar
Bruh i was wondering how the bear was keeping up with this guy so i did some research. And apparently grizzly bears are the fastest of bear species and can reach speeds of 35 mph. Apparently we can outrun in terms of distance but in terms of actually outrunning in speed they would def catch up to us in no time. Unless you are usain bolt and can keep up sprinting for that long. And if you think about climbing trees apparently they can do that better than us too. So basically unless you could  scare them off you are fucked like this guy was if those shorts werent fired.

Huh, branches? (despair)
Run bitch run!!
guy look back bear:heereee kitty kitty kitty here kitty kitty kittyXDXDXD anyway if this would happened to me there i would probably not survive that.....lucky guy

no way this is real

New pb that day

CG？
This man took Meals on Wheels to another level

Legend has it he&#39;s still peddling 

You managed to escape well.
People actually believe this is real

Good job getting off the bike. What was that sound at the end?
Not Something that&#39;s interesting

Please Do it again man,

Super realistic assembly

Did I hear something like a gun shot at the end? Ah luckily this man was lucky to have some bird hunters nearby.

U see a charging bear first time .and no sounds come out from you

the man runs away from the montage actually
God forbid you end up like that
It is a good thing that bears famously cannot smell or hear, otherwise this bear would have easily found the guy behind that tree.

I got nervous when I saw a tree fall down on the way lol
If you fall, it's over lol
It just cracks me up that people can not even go for a bike ride without making a film of it.

Smart animal, planted a stick
Did you get eaten?
42 million times 
This is dangerous
Should&#39;ve fought the bear like how Dicaprio did it in Revanant.

Are you fucking stupid and don’t you see that this is a ridiculous montage?
It took my breath away. The bear is very dangerous!
Bro unlocked bicycle in temple run.

The bear's speed is 50 km/h. Velozvizdaball speed 40, km/h. The bear did not want to catch up with the cyclist. He got lost and was looking for his way home.
If it were me, I would have lifted my bike over the fallen tree and kept riding!!
Hear it! Discipline! tree, nuisance
My heart was racing just watching this

CG

The bear stopped because he ran out of rails ️
You're dangerous
Never go in the woods with out a gunSeriously if u ever were to be charged by a bear i mean i think id just go ahead and except my fate that&#39;s a Fuckin &quot;un-bear -able&quot;Reality

Pedal faster my little grasshopper 
okay… I fell for it too… only after reading the comments i realised… but still bears would make a terrific guard!!!

i like this bear! maybe we should use him as border guard….

It's a shame it's fake
A man who dropped a small white shell earring
That gunshot saved him

the clumsiest installation
What a fucking smart bear, he knows how to stop a cyclist.
The bear is the number # 1 trainer in the world. A man&#39;s never peddled so fast.

It feels similar to the video of being chased by Broly.
This is a graphic composite of a bear haha. It's so aggressive~
You fall off the bike and it's game over
Baah he is not Russian.In Russia 🇷🇺 the Bear  runs away from you.

Too scary lol
Scary!
He doesn't run, he rides his bike
This is where an unlocked electric car would come in handy
pedal until you get fucked
My fucking chain would fall off
Good video editing, but you are not able to prove that this bear is real

I can't believe that this bear, which has a better sense of smell than a dog, just left after chasing me this far.
How cunning is the bear that he knocked down a tree on the road, blocking the path of a man.
beer was snel...omg...

REAL

One day I met a bear in the forest 
if that gunshot never went off tough

Scary 
Someone put that branch across the road as if knew some day some bicyclist will be running away from a bear

Oh my goodness. Scary.

In this anime, you can step on a tree branch and hear the sound.
He was needed a full roll paper i&#39;m sure

I wouldn&#39;t be in the woods with bears unless I had body gaurds and machine guns to show that massive bear that we evolved

Too scary
I strained over the owner of the video

Computer graphics, stupid autor,

It's a synthesis!
Bro I thought this video was real for the longest time- it’s very well made

I kept waiting for the bear to deceive and appear in front
Such a scary thing when he turns around and sees the bear still chasing.

Worst thing I&#39;ve ever watched in YouTube

Omg I&#39;m Shaking

Looks like a production
ahahahah

He’ll never do that again 

Watching it, I felt as if I couldn't breathe, afraid that my bike would get punctured.
This is why I exercise my rights to BEAR arm...!

<a href="">1:10</a>Looks like they spread it well.
Cocaine Bear!!!

The composite image is clear
Run for your life
Yikes!!!!!!

How was it possible to screw up the lighting of the bear so ridiculously? Medium photoshop

What is This BS!

That&#39;s why you shouldn&#39;t Mountain bike you run this risk every time.

He had never driven so fast in his life.
knew it. too much captain disillusion episodes have i watched hahaha

Bear Putin

This is why you don’t go biking, hiking or camping in the wilderness without a gun.

That’s great I just shit myself watching this video. 
I think thats a grizzly bear

Nice edit
This is Photoshop.
Fale

The video looks edited, look closely at the bear
What if the bear runs towards the man, at the end of the video

despair! ️!! ️!! ️
watching this video reminded me of how it felt to ride my bike as a kid and make this sort of stuff up lmaoo

Bears are faster than bikes

Bear: sir you dropped your wallet,sir,sir sir stop you dropped your walletMan: oh crap a bear
You have to be a grade A retard or blind to think this is legit

REALMr. ForestCrazy
This is a well-made processed video.
Hey young man, I dropped my wallet~ Young man~~~
But how cuddly the bears are 
A bear that is hunting can reach speeds of about 56k/h.

I pissed myself just by continuously not seeing where the bear was...
The cyclist clearly understands the psychology of the bear’s behavior, because he did everything clearly, he’s just handsome, what a cold-blooded person!
NO WAY THIS IS REAL

This is CGI innit? just pointing out what people are saying.

That’d be crazy if a bear started coming from the front too.

It seems that bears in every country run at speeds of 30 to 60 km/h. I'm so glad the person who was taking the video made it out unharmed. If you meet a bear, you are told to stand still and not run away, but the bear was so big that I wanted to run away with all my might...
not an expert but smth is off

Installation, fact, you can see it there! Scammer! Bee
Suppose theres a dead end 

There are bears everywhere! ️
Why would you cycle in bear territory? 

This kind of thing makes me pee
Man: <b>cycling</b>Bear: Hello there

fight the BEAR PUSSY

Work on your light blending bud. Editing not too bad otherwise. Also for your reference: grizzly bears can run 35 miles an hour. Even Usain Bolt on a bicycle would not escape 

CG

The fact that you brought this footage home means that you are alive.
Bear be like: I missed this teasty foodMen be like: Tnx God️

Proof Camera man never die.
If you had taken the left at that fork in the roadI wonder if your destiny would have been different

run forest run.  lol.  sounds like he got a warning shot off.

omg I would never walk around in bear country without two 357&#39;s on my hip. Can of bear spray too. I ain&#39;t gonna go-pro my mauling.<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/KsIfY6LzFoLM6AKanYDQAg"></a>



It's a shame the bear didn't kill the guy. These bike bums are everywhere, but they always kill the bear first, which only lives in its habitat
Utter bollocks

According to the Italian translation the man is trying to avoid attacking the bear. So we must say there are dangerous animals in the wood: humans. And bears are in danger! :)

Tufta
American stupid movie 

OMG I got goosebumps all over me

How many megapixels was this bear?  Usually that determines their computer generated strength

Bear looked like a shiny version of a grizzly bear lol

Good CGI .
I have no doubt this guy wanted this to happen so he could get all those views. What this actually means is he has risked this bears life in the future by getting it habituated to humans. This happens all the time and it is a shame. Any encounter can cause that, which leads to animals being killed by humans either on the road or shot by police/park rangers. Sure you can stumble upon a bear trail riding or hiking, that’s different. This guy definitely wanted this encounter though. It isn’t one of those cases where you always leave the house with a camera rolling to capture things like this. No, this guy went into an area that was probably prohibited or at least posted with warning signs of bear activity in area and he got exactly what he wanted and people are bewildered thinking this is amazing. This bear will probably die from a human one day. It’s what happens. Know the facts. And then I see comments here trying to be funny and not seeing the bigger picture. The ignorance for the survival of wildlife is a shame we’re the most intelligent animals on the planet and some of you can’t see what’s wrong with this video

Thank god he was in a downhill

Shittyest thumbnail.... ever. Good job dumb fuck.

f whoever put the branch there

NOTE TO SELFNEVER PINCH A BEARS BIKE!

But that’s a biker…

graphics are trashy fucking bullshit
Facke !!!

Damn i hate fast food
Did he have a gun? 

Bear: “Why are you running? Why are you running?”

Wow if hefell.off the bike he would be in bother

Greetings,This is Vladimir from NTD Television – ntd com. I wanted to kindly remind you that I sent you a proposal regarding your content. Please see my previous message. We would be happy to know if there is any special requirement for publishing it that we could fulfill.I am looking forward to hearing from you. Thank youKind regards, Vladimir

Man, My chain would have derailed, and I would have been lunch.

HOW ARE YOU ALIVE

Why I got an E-bike

Imagine if that was the cocaine Bear

nossa

The bear probably wasn’t running full force. Bears can run at up to 50 km/h so unless you’re going downhill, it’s unlikely that you could outrun a bear on a bike.

Greetings,



Vladimir here with NTD Television. We are one of the world&#39;s fastest growing media companies with over 100 million fans and 1 billion monthly video views across all of our social properties. Our motto is truth, hope, and humanity.



Our team was very impressed by your video and our editors would like to showcase it by uploading it on some of our social media pages and websites so that our fans can see it. Of course, we are happy to credit your channel clearly to make sure people know how to find you and your videos. You will still hold the exclusive rights to the video. Can we have your permission to do that?



Kind regards, Vladimir

f ake b ullshit

Getting off the bike was probably the stupidest thing you could have done.

If you fall in the next 40km you are dead
ohh real

They killed the bear sons of bitches???
<a href="">0:56</a>: &quot;damm i wish i would have praticed that bunny hop more&quot; 

damn one slip thats it

So you just decide to go for a bike ride and all the sudden there’s a Bear. Then you get off your bike because of what’s laying in the road/trail and run 

 omg boy his heart was racing
If Freddy fazbear escaped the pizzareia:

Play it at 0,25 speed

OMG THATS A BEAR!

You are lucky and blessed - it would have caught and eaten you. The branch blocking the trail and the gunshots saved you.

But can you be that stupid?
i love it

That gunshot saved your life!!!

What the hell are you doing, leaving your bike there because there's a branch? Are you kidding or what? If it hadn't been for that shot he would have eaten it in a second, what idiotic people live in this world
Omg the anxiety is unbearable 

Okay... whos Shooting in the background... maybe its a Bastard Move?

I was shitting myself for him...good cold blood and the bear went on his own...
That bear was faker than the drawer under the sink!

It was a Berenstein bear

This isn&#39;t a joke, it is hazardous to deal with this.

This is what it looks like when you play hide and seek with a bear.

Okay that bear looked SO real like I actually thought you were being chased by one.

That was an escaped circus bear having a flashback. He stole my bike!!

Pantanii shot
My god what a huge heart attack..
“You dropped your wallet!!!!”

The Tree on the road was like: &quot;Nah you&#39;re not escaping&quot;

Someone was shooting, among other things, you can hear it! Hunters, shit KILLERS! You're cycling somewhere else, you're in the woods, and who lives there??????? IGNORANT!
Nice one, the  next scene was cut out due to pornographic content…

Very good My respects!
Don't go bothering with bicycles where you know there are bears, stay in your cities and towns, the woods are for animals.. he was also looking for it bear is heard from the breathless with fear...
If you look for them, sooner or later you will find them
Man got away by riding a bike from a !BEAR!. If I have a bravery trophy it would go to this guy

.

How in the fuk did there happen to be another random guy shoot the bear perfect time  his luck is 90000

Dumb comments as always. The main question is who shooted in the background? There were noises

Its edited, not Real

photoshop sucks 
<a href="">0:54</a> i def would&#39;ve popped a wheely....sheeeeesh

Creepy!! Recently, a 26-year-old jogger and student in Trentino was attacked and killed by a brown bear. I think you were very lucky. That could have been fatal.
Unreal... no literally. This bear isn&#39;t real.

Oh ! Oh ! What a fear 
Who would have bunny hopped over that branch?

Now thts motivation

Bruh he was just trying to tell you something

the maximum speed of a bear is 40-50 km then, while a MTB on the plains if you are very strong you can reach about 60 km then, so if you run fast you can escape. however in the video you made a big mistake you abandoned your bike on the ground and ran away on foot.......never run away on foot, a human being can reach 30 km then running so against a bear it is impossible to run away. my advice you have to learn to jump with the bike, if you knew how to jump you could pass the broken tree trunk on the ground. However, there are videos that explain how to jump with a bike, the jump is called "BUNNY HOP", it is generally done with a BMX because it is lighter, but you can adapt that type of jump to a MTB.... MTB in the woods is more recommended with gears reaching 50-60 km of speed, while a BMX having only one speed reaches 45 km therefore it is more difficult to run away from a bear even if there is always the possibility of getting away. thank God that you were saved, thank the hunters who scared the bear.
CGI

Seriously too scary
The CGI here is very impressive.

Level of legitness: 2 million

Hope the lad got away in the end.

get better at adjusting the lighting on your video edits...that bear looks so obviously cut out its hilarious people think it is real

Play it in .5x you can see it’s edited well

Bear: Sir sir sir! Can I talk you about our lord Jesus Christ?
Don't be suckers who put that branch haha
PLOT TWIST: The bear wanted to retourn the Biker’s Wallet

FAF.
You need to color correct your bear footage to make it match the go-pro footage.

Sir, I wanted to talk to you about your extended car warranty.

Did hunters use u as bait?

He couldn’t jump that Branch???

The bear be like bear: oh what a beautiful day to go outside bear sees biker biker: OMG

That bear was HUGE

Why are you riding awayThe bear only wants your bikeHe&#39;s tired of walking every where

Bear: please sir.. SIR, do you PLEASE have just a moment to talk to me about the church of Jesus Christ &amp; the Latter Day Saints! SIR! Wait!

Best Advertisement For The Cycle Brand 

Why on earth would you get off your bike??? You can jump that downed tree branch on your bike???

Correle 
Dude just wanted to say hi

And people still think this is real....

Bro you&#39;re lucky that it wasn&#39;t cocaine bear!!

Imagine the chain popped off…

Its this true..?

I found a video in fb where he&#39;s frantically gasping and saying WTF continuesly it turn out that, that was just edited

Lucky he had a gun

My man has nobody ever told you “NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER RUN FROM A BEAR!?”

Bruh
Better learn how to j hop 

Bear is chasing him and tiger is waiting for him...next day...Rest in peace ️ 

When bear tasted human flesh and can&#39;t get enough of it

Nonsense! In a second I could figure out where the dude is by smell)
Where was this?

What&#39;s up with the gunshots at the very end?

That motfkr is sprinting towards him  camping in North America or south is a no no for me

The bear just wanted to play with you

Meanwhile in Russia:

Imagine if you fell off the bike

Yooo

That was a set up that bear planted that branch on the road

ROMANIA, BRASOV.

I hope everyone knows this wasn&#39;t real

&quot;LOOK!&quot;&quot;Look at the nothing!&quot;

I would like to have a rundown with a bear

I know your in russia

That bear was like Homie this the Southside you just don&#39;t run thru our hood without getting checked next time it&#39;s gonna be a drive by Mauling I&#39;ll let you pass this 1 time that&#39;s it but if my Homies see I can&#39;t guarantee that.

Wow thats scary I didn&#39;t realize how big that grizzly was n I think if he didn&#39;t run into bump in the road that sucker woulda kept following them sucker got alot of adrenaline

Bear  Run ‍️
That is fucking terrifying

Who sent you through the forest!?
 hell nah

The bear is like hey I just want a hug

I think this is edit 

It’s like cgi maybe

When the bear is brown lie down

Where is this forest

Oh my God, this is f*cking terrifying

The bear saw a fast-moving bicycle, and his instinct of pursuit kicked in. The dog could also rush after him.
And again a man with a gun save the day!

Old school vid.

Youd’a been toast it it weren’t for those hunters

<b><i>FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDD-</i></b>

Bro was silently running away from a predator that can Rip he&#39;s head off

After this, the bear steals the bike.

O my God

The bear wanted to shoot the whitefish, don’t you see how he ran slowly due to shortness of breath? 
Whoever put that branch on the bike trail is a Tru asshole, don&#39;t like when ppl do that they do that on purpose their are videos Karens and Marens doing that, this man could have died. Unless it was put there to stop ppl from going into more dangerous territory

That&#39;s the biggest bear I ever seen,,,

Top 5 reasons to learn how to bunny hop...

I knew I coulda sworn I heard gunshots to bro

Bro I woulda been scared to death bro bc bear attacks happen alot more often than people think they do bro you dodged  a bullet there bro

Bro I&#39;m glad you made it out ok bro I bet your adrenaline was pumping through the roof bro

Umm al-Rukb
Ymg

I definitely would of needed a new set of drawers 

kolpa

Reminds me of when you forget to press x on time in Bully for ps2 when you gotta jump the drawbridge into the arena️ damn if only he had some BMX skills I&#39;d try to bunny hop that branch

bro thats obveously edited

And behind the cyclist a brick wall grows... By the way, the great Chinese may have a similar story...
This man refused to be like Leo DiCaprio lmfao 

Dumb  video The attack was so bad I can&#39;t believe you survived.  All the bites and scrapes must have been terrible

<a href="">1:11</a> the beer seems to have a rope around its neck. Could it be a cgi?

So did he get eaten where&#39;s the rest of the video

Y r u in their habitat. If they come in a city u ll do anything to kill them. That&#39;s exactly  bear is doin to kill u mother fucker.

As if a giant log was in the middle lmao

Mishka probably didn’t really need him. Misha drove him for fun, so that he would not forget who is boss in the forest. For reference, a potapych will catch up in a short burst.
BS.. bear can run fast as horse in short distance. No way to escape from it on bicycle

oh it was just a peace of metal, never mind I well go back

camera man never die
The man is not trying to run away!!!

You was soooo lucky man !! DAMMM

Imagine looking to your right and seeing a goddamn bear… this is why me and my fellow black people stay away from the forest

Lol bet his little heart skipped a beat or two

Definitely it is scripted no panic scream and other don&#39;t try at home....

Luckily the road wasn't muddy or wet, otherwise he was going to screw his mother.
I thought for years this was real!! Pretty good editing skills lad.
