Beached dolphins saved they were these mass strandings sadly are dolphins and pilot whales

They have spread the word among their species that we&#39;re friendly, for now.

This makes me think it was a test to see if they are still friends with humans. Dolphins are so intelligent that I really think it could be possible 

Thank you God for people like this in the world, may you bless them every day🇧🇷
There are zero women helping out. So often, when shit comes to shove, the ladies are well away.

Even dolphins use Google Maps apparently.

That&#39;s a great video. I will always cheer for you in Korea I&#39;m looking forward to a great video. Have a nice day.

God bless you

Wow, it's nice to help them 
God bless your heart. Two brave ladies.

Excellent work men
Glory be to the Creator, the Photographer
bravo bravo bravo  vi super!

Gracias 
Absolutely awesome  restored bit my hope for the humankind

But why?

Super ️
Why don't they take it away?
Really great, congratulations 

 Very nice
Side side
Ilive
What a beautiful scene! Humans helping less fortunate animals.  I guess humans have a purpose too. This brought tears to my eyes.

Dolphins are not fish. They will not suffocate if stay out of water .  In that respect the &#39;savers&#39; timing was not that  critical. Maybe they should think of lifting each dolphin by pairs. Not dragging them by the tail.

I wonder if orca`s chased them in?

Greetings, bro, I&#39;m from Aceh, the beach is very beautiful... lots of fish come ashore, right?

I really think what people are doing to save dolphins so they don't die is beautiful.
I was amazed at the efforts of the men . The woman , who want equality just stood their and offered no help . 

Faith in humanity restored...

it&#39;s possible the dolphins were testing the humans,. and they reacted with compassion, community, a common unity, humans and dolphins together

Wow! Bottlenose dolphins!
Wow, when the man kind is at it&#39;s best.

What about the fish?

Good job bro

Love

It&#39;s like humans when they to suicide they get into the sea and when shark wants to suicide they get on land.

And here is winter swimming. <a href="">
Good people on earth still exists. Hats off to all of them. God bless them all.

So many women, uselessly standing there without helping.

786[first point] IF Below/Above points are clicking u please take a head to toe bath wear preferably white clothes and go to your terrace all alone, look into skies, put your mind and heart there and say sorry my creator indeed U R THERE WATCHING ME SORRY SORRY My Lord Guide me please then see the benefits for u. keep on doing regularly till HE shows some signs. for more clarifications please write your email address.

786[6th point])Our parents do not have any control on making a intelligent or dull brain + child&#39;s physique &amp; habits, (when in mother’s womb, “destiny”) then! Who that unseen super power administrating on us?Ram,Budha,Muhammad and many others men kind who r being worshipped(except Muhammad) have never said so and claimed!?(no proof available)plz know the real one GOD for all through religion Islam (the most peaceful, if taken seriously).save your self from punishments of being ungrateful to HIM after death: plz discuss this aspect among your relatives and friends.

786[5th one])Its not simple to understand that all well known dignitaries (in the form of men kind) disappeared (death) after their achievements, similarly He the almighty Allah (religion Islam)also after creating the universe + the understanding mankind disappeared, thus He is highest in achievement to be remembered and top most has the authority only to be worshipped, glorified and regarded the most? plz discuss this aspect among your relatives and friends.

786[4th one]Very Important)Surely enough, it is impossible to believe that, unless some body not plans, analyze and work out the project, nothing comes in existence, then how the universe came to existence? And who behind that creation! Jesus, ram, budha, Muhammad and many others men kind who r being worshipped(except Muhammad) have never said so and claimed!?(no proof available)plz know the real one GOD for all through religion Islam (the most peaceful, if taken seriously).save your self from punishments of being ungrateful to HIM after death: plz discuss this aspect among your relatives and friends.

786[ 3rd point]  points]Dear mankind have u ever thought, how generous Allah Subhanahu ta&#39;la Is!1) u put on electricity button for light,we have to pay bill? sun light is free from Him for infinite years!2)Lovely moonlight free from Him for years long. 3)similarly,sweet rain water free from Him.but we have to pay for it? 4) go for buying a cylinder of oxygen in the hospital,we have to pay,here we get free oxygen from Allah ST in air 5)organ transplant costing us very high in hospitals,but Allah S/Ta&#39;la fixing thses organs freely in our bodies.6)buy a kg. grain or vegetable,we have to pay,but we r getting many grains/veg. free from Allah S/Ta&#39;la&#39;s soil when we sow one grain or veg.seed (that one also we found free on earth)! 7)a seed of fruit gives us every year many no.of fruits for years long and it is free from Allah S/Ta&#39;la, but in market we have to pay for that! 8)brains free,hands and feet free,idea of fishing net comes into that brain,we catch fishes in rivers and seas freely for infinite years,but in the market we have to pay? 9)buy a tanker of crude oil(petroleum), we have to pay,but Allah S/Ta&#39;la never question us while pumping it out from earth non stop?10)buy a truck of sand(silicon),we have to pay, but it is found in rivers and seashores freely available from Allah S/Ta&#39;la! 11)and many more daily life useful commodities we are finding free from HIM in HIS earth and sky, using freely given brain,hands,feet,eyes,ears etc.so we will not recognize Him,be His disciple(slave) and grateful of such a big unseen super power Who providing us infact every thing free?

786[2nd point]O&#39;Dear Reader I hope &amp; Wish U doing well well well Off/Safety first before death = Only Religion Islam, The First Religion Since Mankind On Earth &amp; Last Till doomsday = One GOD for all, ALLAH, Creator of All creatures Of Universe, Unseen, But We are Observed By HIS Administration All Times. So, peon to prime minister have to fear HIM doing Absurd &amp; Hatred activities which are registered for proof on Judgment day. Please Note: Jesus, Ram, Buddha etc. never created &amp; claimed anything which is existing for our uses.Allah is a Big Secret, will be disclosed to every Person at the time of his/her death. Mankind’s CREATOR’S Consciousness levels &amp; Piety is also a Secret, will be revealed at the time of his/her death.I wish all Indians &amp; Worldian be blessed with this understanding &amp; obtain the Guaranteed best fully peaceful lives after Death.PLEASE discuss this clear cut aspect among your family &amp; friends/oblige/ONE UNIVERSE ONE CREATOR i.e.THE ONLY GOD ALLAH FOR ALL.

786[first point] IF Below/Above points are clicking u please take a head to toe bath wear preferably white clothes and go to your terrace all alone, look into skies, put your mind and heart there and say sorry my creator indeed U R THERE WATCHING ME SORRY SORRY My Lord Guide me please then see the benefits for u. keep on doing regularly till HE shows some signs. for more clarifications please write your email address.

yuhoooo .. great
Good guys...God bless you

God gives you food and you throw back into the water
How humanity is to blame for not even wanting to live a fish
Please save the animal.

Super!!!

FLYQBKMTVS

Mommommm m
Lots of respect for these guys

nice gesture of help...Congratulations to all of you...
many fishes
.

Wonderful dolphins friends of man. Not like the ugly shark. Thank you for bringing them back into the water, you are great. Fraternal greetings from the Ivory Coast.
Good people&#39;s well done

My love, my love, I love you so much, sea creatures 🇩🇿🇩🇿🇩🇿🇩🇿
It is a beautiful and wonderful thing to help animals
Win.
FROM BRAZIL, CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL PEOPLE THAT WORKED IN THIS OPERATION, BRAVO!

Why this dolphins

Good amount of parliamentary voice council girl can hear the council
Well done Evil 
Verigood work
Answer me whether what I see is truth or a lie
Enough, I swear
Very beautiful indeed. May God bless you all and reward you with goodness ️️️
hope you like my video don&#39;t forget to share and subscribe my channel.,,<a href="">

Arraial do Cabo Rj
No one girl trying to help vary sad.

<a href="">

Kiss me ️
I like how the dolphins became more chill when they saw their homies getting helped out, so they knew eventually they would get help too.

KcwZn

Yffdb,

Like us with our students...
Love you all who helped ,feeling like I was there and helping them while watching ️️️️love you all

A dolphin
Great job
Dumm humans we are fine the tide was gonna rise in a couple minutes.

The cyrpto market has been unstable. People ask themselves if this is the right time to invest? before jumping into conclusion I think you should take a look at things first. Crypto is the best way to make earnings due to the recent outbreak. Sometimes when we have that specific money that we want to invest in a particular thing, we always lose focus and then invest or spend the money wrongly. Investors who bought early are still in profit despite the recent price crash and they also earn by trading. I&#39;m an investor and am winning by applying the same method in every trade, you can also become a winner today. We should follow the way of earning more regardless of the current market (bulls or bears) which is trading. Buy the Dip and trade, I have made over 16 btc profits not just by buying the dip but implementing trades with signals supplied by expert Jay Pelle FX .

So glad everyone was in the right place at the right time!!  but im so jealous of PPL walking by that has a better view of the actual dolphins!! seeing that YOU ,MR CAMERA MAN/GIRL was not helping y are you standing a whole continent away from the action ?

beauty in this world
they just say hello

Those dolphins were not stranded. Dolphins cam do that.

Klk

Amazing Dolphin and beach

Great! Great! 
And this 

Happy to see so many volunteers helping out, but also shocked by the people just watching

1234567

0

Respect ️️️️️
O dolphin, hello from the karakalpaks
I DARE. I DARE THE WHOLE WORLD COULD BE SMART ENOUGH TO LEARN HOW TO STOP MAKING MONEY AND ENJOYING &quot;SHOWS&quot; FROM KEEPING ANIMALS IN CLOSED CAVITIES. I DARE. I DARE ANY OF YOU &quot;INTELLIGENT HUMANS&quot; TO DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT. I DARE. DARE ANYONE COULD BE SMART ENOUGH TO LEARN HOW TO PROTECT THOSE ANIMALS IN THE RIGHT WAY. I DAREI DARE YOU ALL. YOU, YOUR FRIENDS, YOUR FAMILIES, YOUR NEIGHBOURS, YOUR SOCIETIES, YOUR COMMUNITIES, YOUR GOVERNMENTS AND YOUR ALLIES AND YOUR WHATEVER THE PHUCK YOU WANT TO CALL. I DARE. I DARE IF YOU ARE SMART ENOUGH TO KNOW WHAT TO DO. ALL OF YOU. PHACKING FAKE WORLD AND BULLSHIET. I DARE YOUR WHOLE PHACKING INTELLIGENT SOCIETIES BE ABLE TO LIVE WITHOUT FISH FOR 100 YEARS. I DARE YOU YOU SOCIETIES CAN PHACKING STOP MAKING RUBBISH FOR 1000 YEARS. PHACK ALL OF YOU. PHACKING RUBBISH FUCKING MINDS AND SOULS. ALL OF YOU. RUBBISH. TRASH. DUMPS. GO, GO AND SAY SOMETHING. CANT SAY SHIET? YEAH THATS WHAT I THOUGHT. RUBBISH.
Ikan lumpa  dolphin competition who touch shore first hi hi hi ha ha ha
Fzesehjv  zkyosz zapok oh mreyhazo iopjk ảop jopk  fjeray zkoip sfop zkjp
Set HyV h

thx youtube algorithms

Where is it?
All clips that show fake trading or investments are hacker pages. People in order to exploit them by depositing their amounts through fraud and deception. Please pay attention and stay away from these hacked pages. I strongly advise you to stay away from fake trading


I mostly like this humanity

Good luck to you, sub like

Such  a happy  moment  was that when boys were helping  but I think  as a women  these girls  should  also help the boys rather then standing  and watching  

Nice people ; good job
Thanks

Nc

You everyone did incredible
Good Job

How should I do it?
Beautiful what they did
Dolphins in Arraial do Cabo 🇧🇷
The dolphins, no, don't come back to us, we've been fighting off the orcas.
Good all men

V

,,,v

This happened in Arraial do Cabo (Rio de Janeiro-Brazil)

Even

Simply handsome men!
I love dolphins !<a href="">
<a href="">

Superbb job 
THE JAPANESE WILL EAT THEM ALL ANYWAY!!! 1 TSUNAMI IS NOT ENOUGH FOR THEM!!! EXPECT AN EVEN MORE DEVASTATING TSUNAMI!!! EAT AND EAT!!!
Which  beach  is  thes

peace be upon youbelieve in ALLAH (GOD) and the judgement day and do good deeds.don&#39;t record non well covered women that will be better for you in this life and the hereafter.

Good

Good job 
It's not a shark and 
Congratulations on saving the sharks 
Great save for dolphins who got stuck. Great act of human kindness. Wish I was there to help too!

Thanks all

Great job done by Great/Benign people! God bless you.

Well done
Do dolphins also have Susanin?
Good jobCongratulation
Very good main

Dolphins hi  
F I waKkmn.  B-ball I love

Beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful 
Very good 
Dolphins are such cute creatures. They should be protected at any cost!

imagine if it were on a beach where there were no people, everyone would die

Community Geidlense free crose free work no payment money go outside damit other side take comment I news give I no comment ok

Chudachudi story
Cho'tki
That was in Arraial do Cabo, a small village in the north of Rio de Janeiro (state), Brazil. The men are speaking in Portuguese. It&#39;s very common to see big turtles, whales, dolphins, sharks and so forth in that place.

Excellent rescue 
<a href="">

Good people

God bless all of you
Muhammad Al-Ghayzi
Tnxs 2 all&#39;s dolphins helps
nice video

و

BRAVO. !
Only a beta would record instead of help

Mashallah, God bless you
Halva
Non

If only we would have eaten
Making your beach day rewarding and fun.

niceZarif News
Thank God they died
Everybody thanks..

Many grievances for all those who saved their lives. To all the dolphins.
A gesture of humility for the dolphins
Gdsfyuugvfdde
If you are Chinese, I believe it, I believe it is pulled in the opposite direction! 
Sarmin

Well done Folks!
Amazing
Min Han is Arabic
Good

How good 
Example of real humanity......

Thanks you for sharing

great people/ kind people

Tell me in the comments what do dolphins eat?
Human beings are real people
Nice work humans️

Luckily it happened in Brazil and not in Japan, lucky dolphins

Stop at <a href="">2:35</a>;Women: Oh no, too heavy work and my dress&#39;ll get dirty..As usual..

Oh my good

I am sending you to Abu Yusuf Media, come and visit my channel
That day John slept with satisfaction

185

You are extraordinary people. God bless you.
Very good work done by this people we proud

The dolphin wants to commit suicide 
Nice work
GURPREET.SINGH

ad for apples new beach pod ^^now that must be some fabulous vacation spot for 30 dolphins to try to walk out of the sea - nah maybe they were hunting (hydroplaning) fish or they just got reeaally confused all 30 dolphins at once... maybe they didnt do this for the first time? or maybe..you can see that an entire group can be mislead by irritated leaders? hmm...  great atmosphere, everybody jumping in to rescue like they do this all day - and afterwards the cheering crowd - what a &quot;moment&quot;. faboo

Hi

Great job guys, and let&#39;s not forget that dolphins help humans at sea too, especially against shark attacks.

Amazing how they help them get to the sea right  away , without  taking pictures.

Wow fantastic
This shows no food inside hence try to get it back from land

Super bros salute all members 

Hats off

Assalamo alikum
Sono bolitomay najana khotha golo boley
𝑯𝒆𝒍𝒍𝒐
Awesome work guys love from india️

They come on land to lay eggs. He didn&#39;t save them

Let them enjoy their self

Good job.....
Good job 9 year back

Who the heck gave this video a thumbs down? Not nice. Just pray u r not on the verge of drowning and no one comes to save u.

How beautiful, congratulations to those involved in the rescue 
This was great what everyone there did for does dolphins great job guys

Nice work ️
Ye koun sa Beach hai
Very good bros

You can endlessly look at three things: how the fire burns, how Ponasenkov dies and how the dolphins are saved.
Good job
How sweet yaar thank you so much guys really you are so sweet than fish 

Have tkabu
God bless you

Sumit

Amazing 
You have done very beautiful work, I admire you very much. This is the humanity which protects humanity by living every living being and this is the real human religion.

Good

Very nice people a


Very nice people who save many dolphins...

How great Jehovah God who created these dolphins.

Nice

good job
Thank you for saving lives, your support will continue
Good work .
Podwog
If that were in the DR we would put it in a bus 
Please safe Dolphins,help dolphins,,,!!

Shame on u women

Women look, men moove
And all these bitches who watch without moving their big ass
This is humanity   good job 

Nice

Very beautiful
Good job brothers

Good job well done thank you to all

What the ......

Tominji's
All are hero

Poor guys,   thank you for  saving the beautiful Dolphins ️️️️️
I recognize the people of my country! Congratulations on your attitude
Good job. bless you all 
if this happened to me I would say it was the Greatest thing to ever happen in my life.

Enjoy the sight

vamsikiran
Thank you for helping the dolphins favorite animals thank you for rescuing the dolphins ️
Nmn

What scene is this?
The useless clown in the blue shirt just walks past

Why are people watching and not helping for fuck  sake

Totally beautiful
Great 
Thanks to everyone that helped bring them back to sea 

Hats off guys ️

<a href="">1:22</a> just like superman... or call him speedo-man.

Hi i am one of the guys there

Great work
Very nice

It&#39;s good work
Amazing
Nice work
It is a part of evolution 

Incredible..... ️
Good job
Very good work all peoples

‍️dolphins comes out to reduce salt concentration....But they guys are don&#39;t know , they doing wrong with them.....

wow nice video 
Some people were a little rude, but good work anyway

Dolphin was coming  to see swimming  of the people

Jai Shri Ram
Well done guys

Great job
Too good people proud of you

First time watching a video where humans are showing the humanity ,,,,,,,,,,,, Nice video............

Allahu Akbar
Great work and thanks from the godess of the sea.

&quot;Clever girls&quot;
I just love how the man at <a href="">1:18</a> hands over his shirt to his lady. Like I got a life to save.. hold my things.... 

After 9 years YouTube recommended me 

Mammals loves mammals
Grate tem  wirk broe sweet  friends  thanks  fore all world  i an from india nice video

Thank you

Good job️️
May God give us a second chance just like they gave to the dolphins.
Problem with all this is that 3 sun bathing tourists also got dragged out to sea.

This is so nice to see. My faith in humanity is restored . Thank you kind humans

Best work 
Nice people
They are bringing down the beautiful fish. And Bengali was killed first. Did I say it right?
Nice video

If this should happen in my country, they will be killed for meat.

welldone

Beautiful people

Hey Bedouins
This might be Makos or the Great Whites new strategy to Lure in Humans

only men help them

lovely dolphins back ocean with help from nice people so wonderful ️

DhuiskamlpPaplszs!Ppa! Yes he has lunch
Very good all

Great work  save dolfins

How can you just stand there and just watch 

Good hearted people
The ppl just staring are why 9/11 happened

Amazingly prompt and swift reaction.... I was even more happy to see that they prioritised action over bloody selfies... Kudos to the entire group

Can anyone tell me what happened that these Dolphins came out of the Sea?
Men saves the dolphins and girls just look and film 

Good work mashAllha

God bless all

wow the timing

Real heroes 
Dolphins was just checking if humans can help us.

Super

Consequently h ya
Nice job
The sudden action by men in yellow shirts suggest this is not an isolated event. This must happen often.

Waoo

dolphin.. the apple of ma eyes

Really greatsave the dolphins
That was in Arraial do Cabo, Brazil, close to Rio.I remember I had been at that exact beach, named &quot;Prainha&quot;, a few weeks earlier. Dazzling view.

Dolphins are lucky cause of that people are not Japanese!

Awesome

This is the world I want to live in, we must rise up and remove the evil governments trying to crush us with the fake kung flu pandemic ! Peace.

Good job 

P

very beautiful
Well done well job

How can the smartest fish be so foolish to get stranded 

nice man

Good job guys God bless you

Half people saving them Half people take photo and videos Half people watches from you tube lol

Great

Great job guys

Super

Good job
Amazing....
I really love dolphin. I want to play with dolphin but there is no dolphin in our beach.

Those Dolphins were trying to escape an under water sonar, wasn’t fishing and there wasn’t any strom!!!!!

Asome vibeo

God thanks you 
Gorgeous spot.

This vedio is so therapeutic

The dolphins surely wanted to stay at the shoreline..note how the were wriggling to get further inside land

Good wark brother ..god bless you

there are no builders in the trees, why do those fish come to us in Zanzibar, let them be caught like that
there might be dolphin hunter in the sea make they running ..

<a href="">
<a href="">
<a href="">
<a href="">
EXTENT.️️️️
Thanks to all savers....

This is why dolphins don&#39;t mind helping us out when we&#39;re in danger

Who are the 12k people who disliked this? They must be really pleasant people

First time watching a video where humans are showing the humanity 

how is it
Awesome work thank you everyone

Good

They ar either eating school of fish or avoiding some predator

Dolphins have saved humans in the past so it’s only right to return the favour.

I am the guy who wants to know why, because i dont believe nature would do that. Just curious, you guys hear the weird background noice, like a bass? BRRRR      BRRRRR.

Well, i just learnt the technique to un beach a dolphin, the tail drag

Thank you very much for this logo
কাযায়া জেন্ব ম্ন্দ
Dolphins: fleeing to shore to save themselves from a megalodon.Humans : throwing them back in the sea under applause.

Fact is I don&#39;t eat dolphin

Beautiful 
seeing this makes me proud to be a human being!  way to go peoples!

Gr8 work people. Stay Blessed.
Super super bros
Good job
All people thanks for him

Hopefully there were no sharks among

plot twist, the dolphin just want a quiet suicide and the prick human just can&#39;t help it

Exilent job......god bless you all 

Woow very very good job all HEROS

wow aita kon rasto

It&#39;s humanity
Great

i would be honoured to be able to touch a dolphin

Great job guys. Humanity at its finest 

Omg what a lovely scene

3 minutes and a life of blessings

I think the dolphins come out to the sea is because they want to relax

Great job
Great job
thank you for saving the dolphins..naluha tuloy ako sa ginawa nyo..i hope i can touch and save one of them..keep safe guys..

What a fucking heroes!!! ️

Happy day bro mashallah 🇵🇰
Ggggg
Great job, guys! Who could downvote this??? 

Jotaro would&#39;ve had fun here

Those people are very good
Good man


Great job sir

they must have been using a garmin

Well done!
Only good thing man has done for whales now free the locked up ones

Abdulkarim
who dafuk dislike this vid =.=

Very beautiful work
My faith in Humanity has been restored...

Show 
Great job
Women are taking photos from their camera and the men are doing their work.. It made me laughed 

nice<a href="">#TACHNICALGURUDEV</a>

Well Done! Good Job...

What a heart..

Any one tell me where is this location

<a href="">

GOD BLESS YOU️
Dolphins are suicidal.
12thousand sardines push dislike button.

Wow it&#39;s amazing

I wish I could be there to help

Good

Been to that beach few times usually only see 1 or 2 in distance parallel to coast or being chased by sight seeing boats off headland

Good hummen


Its like they beached themselves on - PORPOISE  !

Good job! 
<b>kujo jotaro like this</b>

<a href=""> Indian dolphins video
I came I saw I won :)
Super bro

Hand up guys

All alive
He frowns,,
Superrr heroes...good job friends...you people proved that we are humans....bravooo...

Dolphins sometimes go to shores because they are not feeling well. Maybe in this case, their Alpha Dolphin is not feeling well so every dolphin followed their alpha to the shores.

They acted quickly congratulations
Yep I salute you guys for saving those dolphins it was <a href="">08:00</a> there I wonder what time it was in the UK

Hallelujah and praise, Hallelujah great
Praise God
Praise God
Praise God
That was scary because that&#39;s how the beginning of a Tsunami looks.

Well done!!!!
Corner

Wow

I loved the video
Very nice ji
Nice efforts
Like you guys
All the guys who saved dolphins got laid on that day

What kind people 
This is called humanity

Good job gentlemens

Saints Three options: Either they were fishing ‍️Or they were being fished ‍️Or they were disoriented, due to military practices ‍️I applaud the rescuers
woow!!!!!!!!!

Great human being 

Thank you guys!
UmarS.k12A

Dolphin: Darn, we wanted to build sand castles too! Humans have all the fun!!!!

They are really human

Thanks all for what you&#39;ve done to these dolphins

i dont think they saved many. most of them just drowned once they were dragged into deeper water

Very nice brother save the dolphins dolphins

Great job love you allGOD bless you all brothers &amp; sisters... thanks bro🇮🇳
NO,There&#39;s a monster out there!!!

dolphins: LET THE INVASION COMMENCEdolphins: ...dolphins: help....?
No one from them tried to catch the dolphins for their benefit.That&#39;s Great!!

Great

Damn humans! Our invasion has failed, but we&#39;ll come back soon with a bigger army!

Nice

this is why dolphins help human

They were probably chasing small fish. Lucky nice people where there to save them or they would have died.

Great work
On behalf of the dolphins, I would like to thank all the residents there
what the fuk, pathetic. They&#39;ll definitely be extinct, at most in a few million years. Ichthyosaurs were supposedly identical to dolphins, though even more specialized! No wonder they themselves suddenly went extinct in the Cretaceous [25 million years before the meteorite], if they did stupid $hit like this it&#39;s no wonder.

I wonder why they headed out to beach themselves, though. It happened so fast...As if something was perturbing them or trying to hunt them. Sometimes rarities won&#39;t happen just because... Plus Dolphins are one of the cleverest marine mammals. They wouldn&#39;t beach themselves like this because they miscalculated their swimming orbit, would they?  Still, &#39; Glad they were saved.

Awesome! :-))))

Nice

Nice. Happened in Brazil.

Come on, brother and sister, any channel, stop by at my place, I definitely fully support

The dolphins were like; come to my belly you fishy...... NOOOOOOOO!

Human being 
We also want to see. Does anyone know the name of this place? Please reply in the comment.
where is this scene from
Geesh let them try to save  themselves before you start &quot;helping&quot; them before they even beach themselves , just so you can feel good about yourself and for the admiration of the beach thots.

God bless every single of you angels

I THINK THEY WANNA BE STRANDED THAN BEING EATEN BY ORCAS.

God bless these kind people...<a href="">www.incmedia.org</a><a href="">iglesianicristo.net</a><a href="">www.pasugo.com.ph</a>

12 thousand Japanese people disapprove.

They were chasing (hurding) Jack&#39;s, or rays. They werent stranded lol. But nice to see people help them faster than wriggling out with the tide.

Dolphin pulls a stunt like that in China and they will kill and eat them.  Shows the cultural maturity and superiority of the western culture.

Dolphine: want to feed,Human: save the dolphineLol

The dolphins c@me to say hi

Awesome job people

Dolphins decided to sucideBut human didn&#39;tt allowed

Thanks for all men saved these wonderful creatures!!! God bless you all !!!!

Yet humans, at times, will slaughter their own species. We are the best and worst of the animal world.

Just amazing great job everyone cheers -The Boyz

Jesus bless you all.  thank you thank you.

Dolphin lives matter
Dolphins&#39;: Hoomans, We&#39;re here to join you!Dolphins beach  and are thrown back.Dolphins&#39;:  Ok, guess you get land and we get sea.

Dolphins wondering which rookie leading took a wrong turn.

nice video

Not one woman helping
most intelligent creatures yet they don&#39;t know how to turn around and swim the other direction xdd

Putin by the feet and right there!
Nah they were just having a dance party

well... in japan, ppl slaughtering them for the money tho. <a href="">

It&#39;s beautiful thing i seen ever in my life,human being done a great job, Why 12 k people unlike video?

submarine or warship sonar

They just wanted to hang out with you guys... people are good, dolphins are great.

Who in the FUCK gives 12k  &#39;&#39;thumbs down &#39;&#39;....is there really that many Trumpanzees viewing this stuff ???

Dolphins are not stupid, they new that if they beached, the hoomans would grab them and take them back to the water, they were needy.

Love how all the women stood there watching instead of helping. Ldolphins aren&#39;t light so that was impressive to drag them out. Several dolphins too

Claps Not Enough.....If they listen even Now..I could have whistle until I get exhaust..!! Life Savers ....and guy who given great Visuals.!!!! ^_^ ^_^

Great job everyone there!

These guys are amazing! Such a cool experience they’ll remember forever. Poor dolphin I wonder what they were thinking

Thank  you humans thaj you love animais 🇬🇪🇬🇪🇬🇪
A huge Russian THANK YOU from Transbaikalia!!?
&gt;Hooray to the heroes!&lt; But why are all the women just watching? None got the guts to help out?

Fish demonstrated to remind humans not to destroy the marine environment around them
Jotaro approves
Dolphins visit people too...
I'm glad it was during the day when people were coming to the beach.
Looks like a mass suicide pact.   Maybe dolphins also have crazy religious cults.

They all came for suicide, humans saved them

Parabens!
Brazil.
Thank goodness enough of the men understood the danger the dolphins were in and helped them.

I can’t believe you counted all of them!!Me: 1...2.... 3....? I am tired 

Great job 
Useless women just observe but don't help
Only respect!!

From <a href="">1:54</a> to <a href="">2:00</a>, the gentleman with purple shirt is the fastest one. He already knows how to handle the situation and grabs the Dolphin from his tails while others try to lift them from the middle of their bodies. Maybe ha had done this before; nevertheless, credit to all of them for helping these magnificent creatures back to their natural habitat.

But how many clumsy and useless people exist!!!
BRAVO  and thank you from The Netherlands

Notice how the dolphins just relax when they got drag. They know the human was saving them.

Notice that MOST of the people helping were men? Everyone wants to be a cowboy/hero. Couldn&#39;t risk looking weak in front of their partners/family.I suspect this because most of them would not behave this way and they see people in need of help on a daily basis.

The Sounds From the dolphins 

Great work
There are good people on the planet.

Ty and God bless you all

Cooperative people
Ö
Bravo! 
Well this shows that men and women are equal but women are good at something and men are good at something else.  You can&#39;t say men are good at anything so are women.  We should respect each other like how these women let the men do their job and gave applause to them.

Crying crying .thank all off you can not talk more.

I do not have marine knowlidge, but was thinking maybe the dolphins saw/sensed some danger in the see not visible to the naked eye.

That was so beautiful and awesome to watch those little sweethearts be saved by amazing people. Also I can’t help but notice that 12,000 people disliked this video?! Wtf is wrong with you people?!

This place is beautiful by nature... Prainha de Arraial do Cabo.
Thank dog they was dolphin, imagine if 30 of orcas...

Those Dolphins were trying to escape being hunted by Orcas. This Beach is a place with mounts at two sides. They had no way to escape else the dry beach. See one of the Orcas at <a href="">01:13</a> minutes.

10 star post you&#39;ve gained a Fan hereby the way I&#39;ve a small educational channel and It will be awesome  if you would join my youtube channel familyAll the Love

So much wonderful things to do by many people help out dolphins in water back to ocean ️️

My first thought was the dolphins wanted headpats ._.

They are all the best men.

Pulling from the tail may hurt their wings 

Decent ! Well done people

That is called restitution to the planet to life
Waves push with more force in sea shore. So dolphins were not able to return. . Life is not that easy for animals ...Human should be protector of these animals

()n   
()n   
Why do people just film the save and not help when they see a lot of dolphins on the land

these are the guys
people r just standing there just help them for cries sake

May God bless each one of you


I am soooooo soooooo happy it happened during the day while bathers were out ..  Thank you to all for saving these amazing creatures ️

SAVE THE DOLPHINS! DONT BE AN IDIOT WHO TAKES PICTURES OF A DEAD ANIMAL!

Wow great job ️️
I hope this was a natural phenomena and not ELF waves shocking them to shore.  Good job guys.

Thanks to all of you to save dolphins

It happened in Brazil, Arraial do Cabo, Prainha Beach

 These folks are in my prayers!!! The sooner people realize that us humans aren&#39;t the only 1s who need help, the world would be a better place.  &#39;2 friends are better than 1. That way, if the 1st friend falls, the 2nd friend can help him up&#39;.  This is in the BIBLE!!!  

Half the idiots sat there watching

Wow amazing nice ples  and subscribed New friend
They always help us. So it&#39;s time to return the favor.  God bless these kind souls .

Wow...! 
“So long &amp; thanks for all the fish!”

They were going on land to become humans you dumb shi+s they&#39;re evolving.

Great job... Thanks

The instinct of us humans wanting to help these Dolphins, is same as what I believe the Dolphins&#39; instinct of wanting to help us humans from Shark attack, drowning etc which were reported several times before.

I love this people

1111

Fuck the Japan people like kill the dolphins or whale for their Cook~ i hate Japan~

Congratulations to everyone 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
<b>SAVE THEM DOLPHINS WOHOO!</b>

I know its not right, and they need to be in the wild,  but I know if I was there, some part of me would of wanted to keep one,   Great job to everyone that helped out...

It's nice to see people saving these creatures....even if others prefer to watch them in their troubles.
chinese people will eat them all

Anyone who saves a dolphin automatically goes to heaven️️
The real Humans...

Gracias 
Good deed,
Thank you guys super well done

april 2, 2020 there was even a wild dolphin ( a thumbler, also to find on youtube now) in The Netherlands, followed a ship more day&#39;s. He was stranded 

after even swimming through a lock with the ship, stranded in a lock of Amsterdam. They managed it after the second time to release her to the sea with a boat again, again through the lock. I hope he find his way back to France in a healthy way, where he was coming from. I hope he will survive, our sea water is not so clear and there is a lot of ships sailing there and through the France-UK Canal.A dolphin traveling through the Canal and through a lock, very very rare, especialy in The Netherlands. Why would a dolphin do that in the first place in such busy and dirty waters?

This is the way we are supposed to be.  Have compassion for other animals with the exception of rats and other pests.

Good job everyone!!!
So why is there 12k dislikeasDo i swe humane? Do i see abuse? So i see anything bad?What are you disliking this video for?Also rhe cmameraman suck at holding his camera....

Once you watch enough of these &quot;animals being saved by humans&quot; videos you start to see a pattern. 95% of the time it is MEN who go out of their way to save animals. This video is a perfect example. All men helping while the women stand around and gawk. Us men really get a bad rap for being evil animals when in reality we are the more altruistic of the sexes.

They were probably escaping from the Orca&#39;s killer whales.

What is it?

apparently they not that smart after all

Did the tide bring them in?

yay happy ending for the dolphins!

The dolphins were running away from predators

Bravi

The dolphins are fishing. They use this technique to corner their fish on land and then slide back to sea with the waves. But this technique can at times get them stranded. But maybe they took a bigger risk by going even further to land knowing there are humans there that will help them back. Clever dolphins haha

Great Job

30 men 0 woman helping 
These people are all heroes, God bless them with happiness in life and the animals too, there are tears in your eyes when you see this!!!!️️️
in these bad times for everyone around the world things like this make you smile again .

Heheheheh so sweet adorable
Why did they all swim up on the beach in the first place? Strange behavior. :p

Mashaa Allah
Nice

You know if they beached in the wrong country they&#39;d probably just get killed and eaten by people.

I love dolphins, brought back my memories of the edge of pacific islets in tahiti while in vacation..watched them flies high and speedy movement..they are so beautiful ... big thanks to those guys who helped pull these creatures back to the sea..such a kind heart of yours..god bless all those who are saving sealife animals back to where they belong..thank you.

Didn&#39;t anyone notice that a man first removed his slippers, then removed his shorts and then go for saving the dolphins at the starting 

Quite amazing to watch at the beginning. They, the dolphins, seem determined to beach themselves. looks almost if they have been scared, running away from something. I sort of expected  to see the fins of some killer whales chasing them.

Oce enus

If they encounter Vietnam, they will capture and kill them
cncanthkoa

Brazil
Something strange happening in the ocean

Hey  I also hate that people just stand  ther

The Chinese would wear it
I like kit

Jelek

Nise

Ok 
Brabo

Beautiful, wonderful action
We do not accept that with our mission, what a fraud
I wonder if they were trying to escape a predator in the deeper water

just hate how some &quot;people&quot; be standing there doing absolutely nothing

946007914

It's good that you help the planet
They went for a visit, but thank God they brought them back. It was not an eternal visit
Good job
11k dislike people 
You laker  chiken
Where

Some are Indonesian
That's good if you do it GOD will add it to you it will be
Nyc



Wish.........they start little bit sympathy with humans of Afghanistan and Kashmir and Burma and Indian Muslims How much they have sympathy for animals

Jay jogani

Afraid of being bitten
Vietnam 🇻🇳 who sees the meaning of roll call?
Nice video

Shankar bhai

Signs of an incident at sea
dolphin
Kh
Too

Brother where are you from?
Good job
Hufffuff
I like this

Good brothers

Thanks bro

Super bro

Howwwww 
Please send me that video my number is 79 79 26 39
Real life heroes.. hats off!

Very good people

My face is so sad.
MR.PREMCHANDAR

Humans are Humans. Nothing like them. They always surprised us by their activites.

May God’s peace, mercy, and blessings be upon you. May God reward you. May God reward you.
Will me
Good job gays they are doing well

thank-you guys god bless u

Salute u ji
I didn't understand anything. Well, why would anyone who knows tell me?
Amazing ?
Wow beautiful
Sachin

Good job yarr
Di mana

Wow so beautiful

Kejriwal is a good man.

stop
Okay cheer up friend
Moral : Humanity Is Also Alive 

Noono
Jagjitan Ram
Love yow

Nervous baby
Very very. Good bro

Love are all people

Nice man;s

️ God Bless You Dear Friends Who Helped These Beautifull  Dolphins  Ameen Soom Ameen 
Good

How cam you do

They are good humans

Sweep away the dirt of hatred with the broom of love
The people of this country are very kind, they saved the stranded fish back into the sea
Very beautiful
Nice

Nice

You gotta love
Very nice

Riyal heros

Nice scene

My greetings to you
Wonderful life loving people
Love you️️
God bless all who helped these beautiful creatures

Saidur

May be something happen on the sea

Very gud all of u

How friendly dolfin

Delhi is great arvind kejarival

Nice

I Welsh all the  best

Kadita

Thank God this video was not from India but it was the color where dolphins were killed.
Nice and thinks for your love you all manes

subscribe now
Rakesh meena
Super work for nature 
Wow

great

Indonesia likeeeee
SubashNepali

Wow

Hi

Clap for all of them

Nice work guys
Gud word ..gud will bless you all

Hdfjiu

Nice place, nice log or more, nice place Great 
Such a great humanity
Mast

Thank You all for saving those Dolphins!

Amazing
If this guyz were Ugandans Hoo they are after money hihihiii thanks guys

Very good

 Great job
Ankesh ekkey
Ajay

Hi

Incredible work 
Gjehedihjhishibdkjd
Good job
Nyc

Whose country

Good job
good job
Love this people for save dolphin life

Well  done .
You peoples had proved that the humanity still present in this world .

Hatt&#39;soff  all of u..

I Love you xoxoxo Bangladesh
Very very good work good helping ️
Masha Allah
nice

A

Return of Sea........

This is example of humanity

Thanks for save life dolphin

Thanks bro.

Good job dost
Thanks all of you safe dolphins

Thanks duost
Say more than chirag Past
Good

Thank you for racing the whales to the sea..♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Good

That&#39;s great

Good job
Nice

very naice video

DSP devadas kimudu
Mast he

Sexy
Thes is real humanity...

India hota to isko maar ke khaa jata
felt true to me
a bed

Nice<a href="">

Good job for men not for women  because women not helping to keep them save

Excellent work
Good help bro  
Good work 
I salute cancona people...
Nice

So sweet

Nice

Development
Fish water

Great video.... Outstanding...
Very nice
Batter

very nice

Water is life
Ok

Naiyn you tup schr kro and s...... And l............. Yaspal singh

Thanks

good brothers heart tochering video

Where did you go?
tw

Bbl

wow

Very good

Very good

Hea

<a href="">#süd</a>_perisi️ follow
I’m more curious about why the dolphins swam to the beach like that

So lucky people were around that day.

Zucchini 
Tnx you guys
Royal Newvi
What wonderful people!   Thank you all for saving them!

God job
All they became susi if there was japen. Really.

Good yo
Ur not suppose to help dophind onto water because they could be sick or hurt that&#39;s why they are on land to not drown

God job  BRAVISSIMI

Who’s watching today?

Put down the camera numb nuts

Great people

Why not just pick them up by the torso ? Instead of dragging their entire body weight by their tails and causing stress and muscular tension/strain ? :/

Maybe we&#39;ll live together, side by side, no matter what terrain we live on little dolphins.Just not today...... not yet.

Glad to see all the women helping

I&#39;ve seen a whale get beached but never so many dolphins. Why is this happening?

I wish the whole world was like this when it came to saving animals

heartwarming to see humans do something right

Aww... yall did an amazing job:)  this is something I would love to do..

Nazirou
Dolphins are so beautiful. I am fascinated by the beauty of the sea water. People have many human hearts.

So good to see such Humanity ! These people are great ! 

osam the

Clothes seams
Yeh Hi Agra Pakistan Yeh India Ki Awaam Hoti Toh Inko Kr Kha Kha Khar
Super bro&#39;s and sisters



Rd is o

God was present here‍ where in their heart Praise God
These moments that you released that on your birth certificates what time you were born on you as a human resource no different than a chunk of coal that is these moments that they hate they fear this cooperation compassion and empathy LMAO six six six embrace your Beast system or denounce it completely there&#39;s no let&#39;s see maybe I&#39;ll give up half LOL no you are the break the contract with the devil completely or you stay with it and accept the terms of the contract

Iindia killed many kashmiries in Kashmir disputed area between Pakistan and India

Hi crariyo actually I&#39;m Indian boy I want to tour this place can you help me friend.And awesome helping moment

Ameising
Super

is all dolphins stay alive?

GLOBAL WARMING!  CLIMATE CHANGE!  Reasons why the dolphins  were confused and swam onto beach!

1 shy of 50 million

Good job
Great job
Big  teem
Good

May God reward you for your mercy 
Mahesh
thanks
Wow

Roody roodboy

Where is the video from and where is it from?
A strange phenomenon. Why did they go to the beach? That is the question
Maybe they just want to be on Land

great peoples always do great work.

Gooooooooooooood

Maybe if you just left them alone, they could have made it to their bicycles and continued the race.  But nooo.  Y&#39;all gotta &quot;rescue&quot; them.  Typical humans.  This is why you rarely see wild animals competing in triathlons.

Why did they beach themselves though, were they running from something cause it seems like unusual behavior for dolphins anyway I’m glad these people helped, all it took was one person taking action, others followed suit, well done people

Where is this sea?

dolphin
Dumbass fish
Their starving to death, to weak to resist the tide.  3/11/2011 Fukushima Japan 3 complete nuclear meltdowns.  The ocean is dead so nothing much to eat, it&#39;s a wrap.

Kdk bro

They want to hangout in town, you guys dragging them like usa airline passengers.

good soul
“People want to hang out in the sun and drag people out ... disgusting ...”

Hats off to these gods on earth️

thats beautiful

Poor dolphins! But they were lucky. Well done people! They saved them! Thank you, thank you to them!!!
This is in brazil, araial do cabo .

hello 240p my old friendi have come here to see you again

Which place is this

Why would anyone dislike?

wonderful! !
Good job
Well done guys

They should use deep  net at least one kilometre away fron the shore

People everywhere people!
People everywhere people!
HUMAN PEOPLE EVERYWHERE PEOPLE !!!

If not in Aden or in Iraq, no one will return them to the sea. Anyone who lets them down immediately has someone let them down. 
Tfw u realize Dolphins breathe air

Usually dolphins save humans from drowning, quite the opposite here!

I'm in the mood for herring.
They were either hunting or something disrupted their echolocation sensors.They sometimes beach themselves to hunt but I doubtt that&#39;s what happened here. Great job stepping in though.

Thanks to those ppl for not killing it for likes on there instagram

The reason why dolphins and whales beach themselves is because the submarines are sonar testing and makes the mammals go nuts! They end up beaching themselves! Its messed up! And the people need to recognize this!

If we were, we would give them away
How sad
A
Well, I don&#39;t think they&#39;re smarter than I thought.

Omg

musica

Belli

Gteat

Well done, hats off to all you

Super help
U should do live video

They are being bad
Nice Job......

Radares ??

If I am there, I will take one, it is a gift from the heaven

Selut this message

Wow great ......

Kaleem

Good

Cict n gn cun hhfn cj cxvhvcgb. Mm

When I met you in Vietnam, I was full and ate everything
nice

good

Angels!!
Great job guys

Have mercy, have mercy
Hi
