Here only for Tripti, Tillotama and Rasika:)

Sushmita Sen Tabu Tillotoma al the way what talent

Winter tripty ️
Who just got irritated with, “I think”?

Deepika has the aura of a classt actress.Which i see in Tripti Dimri right now Two of my favs!!

I love just Deepika Padukone 
Tripti has got such a beautiful smile. wanna see more of her work

Tillotama 
Janhvi Kiara Deepika Tripti Taapsee
<a href="">32:10</a> the best shabhana azmi carried it and <a href="">39:45</a> tilotama, taapsee, deepika and ofc shabana mam carried it

Janvi 
Finally, rajeev sir, hands down by far this one was and is the best round table. You&#39;ve choose all the deserving actress and yes tabu and others were still there, I understand you can&#39;t call all of them at once. Please continue acknowledging talented actors instead of those Glamourous actors.

Tillotama 
I absolutely love rasika.... she is such a brilliant actress

Actor&#39;s roundtable is much more to the point

Tilottama Shome.  She is the real star..

Tillotama Shome 
Half way through the interview and I am so overwhelmed with all the emotions which are going through in this interview. I am telling myself to breathe.

Watched Sir. The girl Tillo was great. Loved Ratna

Taapsee is here all years from 2018 I am too happy for her I feel like she is always best

Loved Tilottama and Rasika - so articulate and great actresses they are. I loved Sir, is love enough

Where’s Shahana goswami n tabu?And thank you tilottama for making this interview interesting n raw n jahnvi for keeping it real.

Great views, thoughts and confessions .. BUT this discussion had too many people.  I think it would&#39;ve been better to break this up into 2 groups of 4 participants each.  Rajiv is a great facilitator of conversations.

Tripti Dimri and Tillotama Shome 

Janhvi is jetlagged

Tillotama is a gem.

Just here enjoying Rasika and Tillotama speak their hearts out. Good to see Tripti here too! ️

They are so supportive of eachother. 

Janhvi 
I like deepika&#39;s rupa frontline baniyaan

Tillotama Shome you are such a gem  and Shabana mam is already a queen 

Jahnvi is so real and innocent

Only came here to watch Tillotama Shome. such a brilliant actor, needs to be seen more often on screen.

Good to hear Bollywood actresses talking so wisely and intellectual way. Female actress are doing very good character , thank you for being bold and beautiful.

tillotama is so cute :( her bird analogy was so precious

Tilottama and Tripti!Just amazing!

I watched sir few days back. What a performance Tilotama. Rasika always like her work. Tripti Dimri is so beautiful.

Deepika is ready for a photoshoot. She is posing as if she going to be captured by some international magazine. Nice.

Sooooo Happy and Proud to find Tripti Dimri and Rasika Dugal here :)

Love how this comment section is so positive and refreshing

Kiara was actually soo good in guilty. Didnt expect it but yeah

For me the best performance for the year 2020 would be Taapsee pannu in thappad

Tillotama speaks from her heart ️

Tillotama and rashika my god !! Im lile the happiest person to see them talk.

Tillotama ️
One of best comment sections I ever came through ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️ love you alllll..........
Deepika padukone is so stunning in blue

Tillotama Shome has studied in New York University and Lady Shree Ram College Of CommerceShe&#39;s the most educated person on this panel

tillotama is awsome

Tillotama is the star  of this roundtable.

Tripti Tilottama Taapsee and Janhvi

Tilottama stole my heart! Such a ray of sunshine.. So much positivity, honesty and vulnerability packed together.. Her whole vibe is very adorable

Rasika..best wishes from jamshedpur 

Sushmita Sen should have been one amongst them

Just here for Rasika Duval 

Here is Deepika Padukone and Shabana Azmi
Tripti is so pretty!

kiara and dp sound similar??

People crushing over Tilotama, go watch Chintu Ka Birthday. Beautiful film.

Rasika...Tilotamma.....are superlative
Wow janhvi sounds too mature and sensible and also she proved herself in acting

janhvi&#39;s closeup is so cute!

Rasika is such a happy person!

So happy to see Tripti ️

When Shabana Azmi speaks, others listen and take notes. Every other actor suddenly takes a keen interest and trying to concentrate on understanding what she is saying.

Tripti and Tilottama :) incredible actors of future. They have volcano inside .. I wish and pray for more many roles and ladder of success to them ️

Doesn’t this Tripti girl look like naomi scott ?

Everyone is asking where can we watch sir? So if any one knows please do reply, which ott platform?

Missed Sushmita Sen

Jhanvi is the prettiest of all

Only for jaan she is mature than her age actually

Tittlotama- The enlightened one!!

If you haven&#39;t seen SIR, please watch it. You would realize how wonderful that film is and how great actress Tillotama is!!!

Deepika Padukone best
Neena Gupta needed to be on this panel

Sushmita Sen is missing in this list.

I love Tilotama.She is awesome yaar ️

No radhika Apte 
Tillotama only 

Tilotama : unfiltered ... awesome 

Watch &quot;Hamid&quot; with Rasika Dugal. It&#39;s brilliant ️

In awe of Tillotama 

Tilottama man. That kind of awareness , self critiquing , intellectuality ... It&#39;s rare . She is coming out so good in this interview

Such strong, insightful and lovely women. Loved this 

Tilotama is class

Finally seeing a positive comment section. It just makes  me happy 

Tillotama, Tripti, and Rasika! ️3 amazing actors and humans!

Deepika padukone is the best always 

Glad to Tillotama, Rasika &amp; Tripti here. Would love to see more of their work in future.

Deepika always looks so joyous and happy, but in the very beginning she looks so sad :(

Tillotama gave me one thing that purity shines brighter than any other thing or any jewellery. Tillotama ️️️️

This was damn cool!!Shabana mam really spoke like a well experienced artistTilottama&#39;s IQ is damn high( i want a girlfriend like her)Deepika is so graceful as always!Tripti is a cute disciplined girlJahnvi spoke better than my assumptions(nepotism is a false approach to see an artist!!)Tapsee is so confident and enjoying her success Rasika is so natural and sweet Kiara is a bit overrated 

Tillotoma Shome u r beauty with brains..u r so intelligently graceful and infectious that anyone who sees u can never dislike you

Taapsee and jhanvi 
Tillotama &amp; Tripti ️️.
Deepika so beautiful 
very positive environment and that is what it should be in entertainment industry️.and by hearing them was such a soothing effect tl hears

Where is radhika apte

Tillotama shome is so genuine. Rajeev we need a separate session with just her. 

Im here only for RASIKA DUGAL!  MUCH LOVE!

Kiara, Tapsee and Dipika in a screen together, 3 of the most talented actresses currently.

Kiara Advani is an excellent actress n hopefully she gets recognized for her talent as beautiful and well spoken as she is as for the other actresses all are very good n has produced good energy in they moviez well done to all ....

Happy to hear about Pratik!! Star is born***

Jaideep scored again.

You feel that these zoom conversations are lot more real and with lot more depth because people are in their comfort spaces and there is no need to worry about vanity and all they have to do is just express. Rather than do it in a studio with all the anxiety about prepping for it. This might be the way to go forward on this. Rajeev this was one of the best ever. Well done.

Just watched Is Love Enough Sir.. Loved it.

Shabana ma&#39;am looks so happy listening to Tillotama !!!! Wow!!!

Tillotama is just a wonderful speaker. She speaks so well ...so heart warming️

Love u deepika
So happy to see Rasika Duggal getting the attention she deserves ️

Tilotama ...so humble
Tillotma ️️
Tripti is stunning!

I still dunno what was d role of Rasika in Mirzapur !!!..The men in her family were criminals , yes , but outside..they were never shown misbehaving wid her..it was she who was shown doing sex wid servant bec hubby cudnt satisfy her !!! after which , kulbushan kharbandas character started taking advantage of her..lol..her character was shown as righteous in some way..!!!! adverse effects of fake feminism in Cinema...

Where is Vidya Balan for Shakuntala Devi

I don&#39;t know how many more years it will take for Rajeev Masand and team to realise that &quot;it is all in the writing&quot;! And actually have a writers round table.After all the content game change has happened it is high time we appreciate writers. And give them the credit not only to names but faces too!

Watching and admiring Tilottama Shome since &#39;Monsoon Wedding&#39; she is so underrated.

Shabana️
The only note worthy performance played by actress in this interview is <a href="">#Tripti</a> &amp; <a href="">#Rasika</a>

im here for tilottoma and rasika

Thank you for introducing Tillotama Shome ️
<a href="">48:48</a> that there made everyone blush 

Everyone enjoyed when tillotama was in charge ️

I saw roundtable for actors.. alot of them were not comfortable speaking in English. Since they were from small towns. But in females all of them are answering in English. I would assume they were from good well off families. When will a poor girl from a small town from india like Nawazuddin or Pankaj be able to get into India Film industry.

Tapsee @<a href="">16:25</a> 
Janhvi kapoor is more humble then her age actress

Such a solid and insightful space! 

Just here for deepika love

Rasika is only talented and genuine person here i guess

Firstly, &#39;Actor&#39; is a professional like a lawyer, doctor etc. It&#39;s not a gender, so there shouldn&#39;t be any term called &quot;actress&quot;. They are female actors. Secondly, this year&#39;s roundtable is much better than previous ones but some genuine actors like Tabu mam, are missing. These conferences can be masterclass for young ones with the presence of senior actors.

Are the actors Roundtable exclusive to Movies/OTT based shows revolving around Hindi content alone? Or will there be something similar for PAN-India content?Nevertheless, happy to see both mainstream cinema and OTT content getting the same amount of love and recognition!

Every time I see the roundtables..the actors have sooo much to say about each other&#39;s performances...but the actresses are only talking about themselves...the only one u remember is Anushka praising kalki for Margherita with a straw..that&#39;s it

Rajeev, you should pick up normal audience and make a round table conference with them...it would be incredible trust me

I can watch Rasika talking forever... ️

Where is Radhika Apte????????

Where can we watch sir

Shabana ,Tripti , Rasika and Tillotma are the only guests who deserves to be here.Good luck especially to Tripti n she was unbelievable in Bulbbul.

Tillotama is DOPE !! Such well spoken..

Tillotoma mam....is bang onMay God bless you 

Rashika duggle ️ articulate lady
Tilotamma Madam️️️
<a href="">48:51</a> Hahaha. That&#39;s true.

The actors roundtable this year was so much fun and spontaneous. This feels so much serious and formal

Dil khush hogaya tillotoma ki baatein sunke. Uff, itna genuine, honest and raw. Vulnerable yet do strong. Also, SUCH a treat to see Deepika again. Shabana Azmi, Oof, incredible and AHHH Taapsee and Rasika. 

Deepika u r so beautiful and graceful...I really like u both as an actor and also as a person....hope that soon we can get to see the junior version of yours....junior padukone singh..

Came here after watching the actors round table, this is so dull, why is everyone so serious, I expected it to be crazier as women are funnier when they get together.

Where is Swetha tripati?

I wish Sushmita Sen was also a part of this roundtable I really missed her

Only here for tilotama, rasika &amp; tripti 

Such heartening answers from Tillotama Shome. Noone can speak so eloquently like her.

Came back here after watching Actors roundtable and sure, actresses roundtable was more structured and lacked that sense of conversation which actors table had. Tilottama is such a great speaker. Loved hearing her and Janhavi as well. I think only Shabana ma&#39;am Tilottama, Rasika, and Janhavi answered questions well..

Tripti Dimri is underrated as a performer. Looks, emotive face, persona, complete package.

HERE FOR TRIPTI DIMRI! She with just 3 movies has become my favourite actress and i haven&#39;t seen such talent in a long time. She can save bollywood.

Here only for Tripti Dimri 

Such an emotional round table. Kudos to all the actresses and their experiences

Actors roundtable 2020&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
People troll Jahnavi, and then an interview drops... And she&#39;s loved! So positive, so humble, so well spoken. Such a beautiful ensemble of talent this year ️

Tillotama is a pleasure to watch as well as tripti

Deepika&#39;s video thumbnail looks like a painting.

Hoping kiara doesn’t  do krissh 4 . Just like laxmi bomb there is nothing to do(coming from a fan)

Shabana Azmi is egoistic

Happiest to see Rasika and Tillottama for the first time on roundtable. They are getting the respect they deserve. Would love to watch actors like them and Tannishtha, Konkona and their like more.

If any good director is reading this comment section would agree all are rooting for Tripti for the incredible performance in Bulbul... please cast her. Please also watch Laila Majnu, she was again so amazing there too. We want to see her more.. Good luck Tripti.. this is just the beginning!

Bruh no offense but the ACTORS round table is more entertaining..than ACTRESS

Rasika&#39;s and tillottama and shabana maam&#39;s answers are way too genuine.good answers.

All was great But Jahanvi: Shabana AuntyAnd Shabana trying to keep a straight face was just...

Anupriya goenka shreya dhanwantri Shriya pilgaonkar Wer stars of this year

U should have invited Kangana.. she did some exceptional performance in last 6 months..

Tilotama read some good poemsIn whole interview.her style uff!

Indian Cinema ≠ Bollywood
you need subtle marketing of your movie? hire Tilotama as an actress. the girl made me fall in love with the character even before watching it. will have to watch SIR now..

Rajeev sir, please also ask them about their process and acting sometimes . You never ask actresses these questions, just women stuff and how they feel and think. 

Dont criticise bollywood. Hollywood also presents women as sex object wheather it&#39;s margot robbiee in wolf of wall Street. Tarantino got offended in a press meet when a women reporter asked him about lack of women character depth in once upon a time in hollywood presenting sharon Tate as voiceless. It&#39;s a worldwide phenomenon. Even women directors are snubbed in Oscars.its a patriarchial world.

They missed Shweta Tripathi for Cargo

Where is sushmita sen,Shreya(scam1992) nithiya(breathe) swastika (paatal lol/dil bechara)???

Deepika ️️️️
I like  how tapsee is doing  something  else while  others are  answering

Missing Radhika Apte yaar! She needs a place in this roundtable

Kiara&#39;s voice=deepika&#39;s voice.
Jhanvi really

Loving to see some really good comments for Janhavi Kapoor...She deserves everything just like other actresses....Janhavi Kapoor is constantly trying to Improve herself..

Why no Sushmita Sen for ARYA???

Hoping Bollywood bounces back with more films in 2021 !

Anyone else looking forward to seeing more of Deepika in 2021 and beyond ???

I can&#39;t find my air pods and watching this is making me cry

Taapsee&#39;s hatrick on round table!! I wish to see more of her coming days

This year only shreya dhanwantry deserves the award

Loved to see these positive people

Tripti Dimri might be ignored by Bollywood directors but she surely is a great actress nd will shine in OTT platform. Nd now it&#39;s no more a secret that OTT platform casts great performers..nd ofcourse gives the best.Bollywood movies are no way close to OTT products.

Triptych Winter 
Rasika Duggal ️️Lootcase, Mirzapur, Delhi crime, Out of love. She is an fabulous actress.

Very nice roundtable Rajeev. Everyone spoke very well. Lot of positivity in the comment section. Loved it.

I agree with tilotama that there is so much love in real world. Virtual world is just so toxic!

Was this &quot;A list&quot; a subtle snide to Kangana?  everyone she called &quot;B grade&quot; I mean. But her performance in Panga was amazing too. Pity that she isn&#39;t here but I get it. She can&#39;t be. 

Where can we watch Tilotama’s Sir?

Yaar I&#39;m so happy to see more positive comments. Its really good..

This one was really boring and dreary!! Thanks to tilottama for breaking the monotony.

Tilotama shome ,you are a gem 

Shabana Azmi is in awe of Pratik Gandhi

Who said this maximum number of times &quot;um&quot; &quot;Uh&quot; &quot;you know&quot;???

Tillotama is such a sweet and genuine actor️

And I was waiting someone name Jalikattu. Aruvi was amazing too.

Wow how articulate simple yet profound and beautiful is Tillotama and her wisdom! For the love of god i cannot find her movie Sir on any of the platforms that I have. i am really debating whether or not to sign up for yet another platform just to watch her movie. I hope we can rent it on Youtube someday.  But my goodness like the others are saying, What a revelation!

Tillotama️️
didn’t gave any time to Tripti ‍️
Swara and Fatima are missing.

One of your best actresses round table 

Tillotama you are rocking everywhere

Tiliotma outstanding ️
If Deepika Padukone can have frizzy hair , so can I!

Kiara is the future of bollywood

Deepika 
Shabana Azmi is such a misfit on the round table

Came here for Deepika.... She is such a bravest and strongest woman... Love u deepu

Tillotama smile is contagious. Looking forward to what’s next she’s going to do

70% comments are for DEEPIKA ️️️
Tilotama is at par with the likes of Vidya Balan. Loved every bit of what she said to every question. She is simple personified ️

Tilottama is too good

Such a delightful interview. Loved all of them. Also such a positive comment section. Kudos

How on earth did you miss out Sushmita Sen!?

Rasika Duggal 
Rasika Duggal yaar ️️
Dignity is not the cultural capital of only rich.

Tillottama speaks so well and truth every time she opens her mouth  ...  It&#39;s incredible to hear you speak..  Waiting for your works mam...

Pandemic brought people closer...after a long time while we going adrift. Humanity a bit revived

Except a few, thanks to the entertainment industry to bring a world of meaningful content for the first year ever. Pure and consistent the industry took a huge leap, thanks to ott

Nice stage where all the famous actress can be viewed

Compared to all the other nepo kids..Jhanvi is very grounded and simple and she surprised me in Gunjan Saxena..She is promising!

Tillotama yarr really me!!! So honest
Janhvi good..i like️️
Beautiful conversations. All ladies were amazing. Rasika ji killed it with her expression. Insightful words by Shabhana ma&#39;am and Tillotama ji. Tripti and Kiara ji were so happy. Love to see them. Good people. No flexing like others 

Only for my queen. Deepika 

Drink a shot of vodka, number of times deepika says &quot;uh&quot;Jokes apart. Talented women on table this time

Tillotama  rocks !!!
Only Tillotama seemed alive!!! I wish this discussion was possible in person. Missed all the chemistry these women would have shared!

Tillotama is definitely the most articulate and well spoken woman out here

Sabana ma&#39;am seems impressed with thilotma shome and that&#39;s a big thing.

Tillotama Shome.. She is gold. 

Can we all appreciate Kiara Advani? She is really stunning and so well-spoken!

Guilty and Kali Kuhi was really bad movies... why include them and Chappak was such a underwhelming movie ‍️There were other very good movies and actress which are completely ignored as always!Sanjana Sanghi was grt in Dil Bechara and many more

Jahnvi kapoor rocked in gujan sexenaShe is so simple n future super  Star

Just See Taapsee Tamil Movie Game Over A movie ahead of time in India

Wow.. Tilottoma impressed me from her very first rant. I love Rasika already but Tilottoma .. Wow!

Tillotama is so articulate!

Deepika ️
Arre Bhai... we’re is Swara??? She did lot of good and quirky work this year.

I am like only my favourite actress Deepika padukone and watch full of this roundtable show so congratulations Deepika I am waiting for your new films so after your all film break the new record again in box office like few years back .️

Janhvi, Tilotama and Rasika stood out for me, the way they kept their POVs. It was so soothing for the ears n mind to listen to them. Talking about the performances, I feel each one of them were incredible in their films.I feel Tripti deserves more work as she was too good in BulbulTaapsee n Deepika are the legends now and after watching Gunjan Saxena, I feel Janhvi will surely join them soon. Shabana ma&#39;am as usual was so precise with her replies.Power house of talent indeed. Loved how everyone was jelling so well with each other. Bollywood is definitely in the safer hands now.

Tilottoma is BEST..in her experiences and realization and expression.. Her charm, direct approach,  raw expressions,  very humble.. Kudos!

Tillotama speaks beautiful! Also , love this positive comment section! ️

Deepika admiring Taapsee’s rendition of ‘Biggini Shoot’ is just brilliant 

Deepika ️
Tillotama Shome was a revelation to me.. Looking forward to seeing and hearing so much more from her..

My god tillotama.. such a revelation!

Deepika and Tripti

Janhvi 
Bollywood is giving a royal snub to Tripti, but she is a real talent &amp; deserves good work

This is deep... I think for a few years now, the actress&#39; roundtable is better than the actors&#39; one..

Janhvi !!!!!!
Kiara shouldn’t be talking about playing characters that have  dignity .‘Preeti’ was a doormat 

Tilottama and Jahnvi spoke so beautifully and from the heart. Absolutely loved how genuine Raskia is in each of her interviews. Taapsee is just annoying tbh and i really don&#39;t get what deepika says most of the time but this was a good one hour️

I could listen to tillotama talk for years ️️ , such a brilliant woman, and I want to see more of the new comers in movies to come, such talented people

Wow what a lineup of actors! I&#39;ve realized the past year has had so many great female performances other than these 8 great ones. Good progress indeed when it comes to female characterization in Hindi cinema &amp; TV!

Tilotama mam...hats off

Tillotama shome, rasika duggal and tripti dimri loved hearing these 3 women.
I&#39;m here only for Kiara️

Kiara rocked in guilty 

All are talented ️️️
Shabana madam is the real Queen

Jhanvi looks so bored 

Deepika
Everyone is good but Rasika is Top notch new girls are awsum also ️

Someone plzz give tripti dimri another film she was amazing in bulbbul and Laila majnu. Definitely was in favorite movie out of the bunch 

I’m here for DEEPU, Taapsee, Janhvi and Kiara <a href="">0:48</a> uff Taapsee <a href="">1:24</a> DEEPU! <a href="">2:27</a> Janhvi <a href="">59:48</a> - <a href="">1:00:17</a> OMG! DEEPU and TAAPSEE talking together about Taapsee’s Biggini shoot!  Taapsee said more videos coming out for DEEPU  Oh my heart 
Janhvi and Deepika both are love 

Deepika is a queen  You can&#39;t convince me otherwise.

Deepika
Everything about this is great! Also, Deepika! How is she so perfect?!

The reason why Deepu IS my second favorite Actress ️

Missing the gourmet food bowls that Masand doles out on each of the roundtables every year ..which everyone wants to devour but no one really touches...tch tch !!!!

rasika dugal is amazing!

Tillotama️
Watching it for Rasika,Tillotama and Tripti

I haven&#39;t watched guilty, kaali koohi   and sir yet. Can anybody tell me that these are worth watching?

Appreciate Rajeev for bringing in talents irrespective of medium. I think ott platforms have become a major source of good content. In fact delhi crime winning the Emmy is the proof.

<a href="">#deepikapadukone</a>️
Tillotoma thre is aot toearn from her....the bravity with which she blatantly accepting her shortcomings tht I am sure evryone of us have somewhere .️

Deepika u slayed !!!!
The comment section is so positiveNgl I like it

Sir it would be criminal if you didn&#39;t  bring Pratik Gandhi for Actor&#39;s roundtable..

Tapsee
Deepika says &quot; I THINK I THINK &quot; in all her interviews!

Everyone praising Tripti and her launch because of anushka .. GUYS IT WAS EKTA KAPPOOR AFTER LAILA MANJU !!

OMG.. Tilotama is a bright shining star!!!

Sushmita Sen  in Aarya and kangna Ranaut in Panga and Judgmental hai kya were brilliant.

Amazing Super Fantastic
Deepika is pretty and beautiful but here interviews are always soo turn off . She is like blahhh

Deepika, Janhvi, Kiara overload of gorgeousness 

Janhvi️
Tillotama, Rasika, Tapsee stole the show.

Tillotama was a pleasure to listen to, so wise and real, she was a wonderful surprise. Really enjoyed this roundtable. And Deepika is love, her not being to articulate well doesn’t matter anymore, she just holds a place in my heart like no one else does!

Deepika padukone much love

Jahnvi is a sweet girl , has potential but she doesn’t belong on this table YET! And it’s nothing to do with Nepotism, kangana has made it into a joke. But she doesn’t belong here. Kiara, again - with Taapsee , Rasika and tilotama? Sorry not yet!

Tillotama&#39;s character in Sir is something that touched my heart ️

Best one from all the roundtables so far

Radhika Madhan should be here.

Deepika mam you look so pretty
Tillotama is such a layered person and so cool

Deepika is a vision. What a babe!

Janhvi is love 

I used to hate Janhvi coz of negative campaign on social media but look at this kind, beautiful, intelligent, well spoken girl, best of luck Janhvi, she proved she is daughter of legend Sridevi Ji

Tripti is so beautiful. I followed her immediately on Insta when I finished watching Bulbbul.

First of all it’s wonderful to see Deepika smiling and interacting with other performers after the beating she took this year. It’s commendable that she’s still standing.second you guys have to realize these people are actresses not professional public speakers. To all the people commenting about how Deepika is not a good public speaker, do ya realize that she has to be careful of what she says because if she misspeak or is too candid her words might be taken out of context and she would be the headlines.We don’t know how her mental health is right now. We should be grateful that she’s actually talking and is in public right now.She is the biggest name here is nice to see she’s giving other actresses a chance to talk.

Deepika deserves the best performance of the year award and if she doesn&#39;t get it then I&#39;m BOYCOTTING every damn award show !

Love Deepika and Tripti!!!!

What about Panga? My favourite performance of the year? ‍️

Deepika&#39;s beauty is beyond words 

Yk while I was watching I just felt this innate happiness; dunno why but ya so thanks for doing this to all

Jhanvi Kapoor has answered some of the questions so good and effective. Keep up the good work all of you.

Tripti,Tilotama,Rasika️
Totally vain but this is the first time I&#39;ve seen frizz on deepika&#39;s hair and she still rocks it 

Shabana mam spoke so eloquently

With all due respect to each one of these wonderful ladies, Tillotama Shome literally owned this roundtable

With all due respect, panel could have done without Deepika, Kiara and Janhvi. Listening to rest all was so insightful, Tillotama keeping it so real, Tripti was very refreshing, Shabhana ji and Tapasee awesome as always and the best of all - Rasika, she is love !

Tripti Kiara nd Janhvi is vryy beautiful

Deepika is not a good speaker...that&#39;s y she is listener   i m here only 4 Janhvi

Lovely

Everyone were really good in their respective films, but I genuinely feel Sushmitha Sen and Shreya Dhanwantry deserved a slot here.

Nice interview...good to see Deepika happy &amp; back to normalcy! Tillotama is amazing! Would have been happier not to see Janhbi in the panel, doesn&#39;t fit! Note of nitpicking- why is it out of all the locations of the actors only Budapest kept popping up for Shabana Azmi we know she can afford the world

Every time Tilottoma speaks ...there is much compassion in her eyes and words. Feels very genuine.

Aaditi Pohankar, Sushmita Sen could have also been there?

Where is radhika apte?Raat akeli hai and her performance can&#39;t be neglected

Deepika is the most humble in today’s A list Bollywood female actors

Deepu is love

Where is radhika apte

1 hour interview ...but will definitely watch it only for deepika.....how calm and beautiful  she is!

<a href="">59:51</a> which shoot?

Tillotama is such a fine actress and also such an honest person.

Haven&#39;t watched sir but tilli mam good in Chianti Ka birthday!!!!

Absolutely loved tilotttama!

Tillotama and Rasika ️

Once again! Deepika is the best listener and most genuine with her perspectives! Just love her, in every year&#39;s round-table!

Sometimes i feels the same <a href="">39:49</a>

So happy to see deepika smiling 
Janhvi dosent deserve the hate she gets just coz she is born in a filmy family,  she is very grounded well mannered and always acknowledged the privilege of her family, she is also a decent actress and continous to improve herself , looking forward to more of her career wishing well for her 

Wonderful Deepika
Deepika ma'am 
Seeing Tripti here makes me so happy 

Loved all,specially Tillotma...and shabanaji..

Deepika padukone is the best always she is a  stronger gorgeous hardworking girl in the world 

Deepika 
wow amazing I came here only for deepika only lovely

Deepikaaa
@Deepikapadukone ma&#39;am your eyes your acting tough my  beautiful gorgeous girls all of you 

Wow..yaa Rajeev Thanks for keeping it rolling 
Tripti deserves all the films now. She was phenomenal in Bulbbul

Deepika is so cute ️
Why kangana was not there???? Panga was a good film

Tillotama really knows and comfortable to speak from personal space..which is why she is being able to hit the heart ️

Great video, thanks 

Missing sushmita
Where can we watch sir?

Tripti you know dimri

Jahnvi is not a bad actress...she doesn&#39;t deserve the hate she gets..she talks very wisely I feel...

Janhvi  waiting for ur upcoming movies

Taapsee&#39;s framing is the best of the lot. Wonder why a senior actor like Shabana selected such a boring background. As someone from the world of films and video production, if we are on screen we should make sure about good framing, pleasing background, good lighting and audio

Where can I watch sir !

3 people are deserve Rasika,tipti and tillotama others can be Tanya manikanta ,Radika Madan sushmita Sen Isha talvar and Sweta tripathi tabbu

Everyone talking about Deepika and me thinking how beautiful of a woman she is from heart... I mean duh!! She is pretty strong!! PERIODT. Being a true inspiration telling how-to look towards future and not be sad on false things..real queen shyte

Thanks Deepika for helping us discover the cutest video ever - biggini shoot Tapsee version :)

Tilotama 
Here only one Deepika ️

The Rani of bollywood and the one and only DEEPIKA PADUKONE 

Here only for Deepika ️
RASIKA  
Kiara and Deepika sounds the same.

Great panel. But since web show actresses are also included this year (Rasika), Sushmita Sen and Shreya Dhanwantry should have made it.

Tripti yaar...1hi toh dil gayi hai how many times do you live??
Jahnavi.. the youngest one in the lot .. but very mature for her age!! Lots of love girl !!

what dream!? idb janhvi,kiara,deepika and tripti on one screen!! very surprising for me, love love love 

Shabana is by default greatest.....rest Rasika, Tillottama fall in her league....Tripti was fabulous and heartbreaking in Bulbbul....

This was such a spot on way of doing the artist  round table because  everyone was muted and was not talking OUT OF TURN ! It helped us get a true insight into everyone’s thought process without being needlessly cut off by someone who thinks they “ know it all”. In the past years Alia has done so much butting in taking away from other actors allotted time!  I loved this format.

so much love for these women ️

Shahana Azmi our very own Meryl Streep..so articulate and so talented

Every time I look at Janhvi I just remember Sridevi and feel sympathetic towards her

Tillottama so genuine
Out of all most stand out character was Bulbul

The Interview Didn&#39;t Feel Like an Hour. Really Enjoyed Hearing These WARM and Talented Women and Wished even more of Them :( I Loved every one of them their Opinions, Experiences, Personalities, and their Positive Vibes, Really Good to See After Sooo Much Consistent Negativity and Garbage which is Happening. But The Dearest to My Heart is Deepika :) God I LOVE this Woman Despite Everything She&#39;s Still the Same. Happy Optimistic Peaceful Person. Deepika Captures My Eyes with Her Name on the Screen or the Smile She Gives Every Now and Then or her Body Posture which Proves She&#39;s Indeed a Model By All Means. My Next Watch Will Definitely Be Sir and I&#39;ll Wait For Your Next Work Tillotama. Keep Going all and Keep Making Good Movies.

Tillotama you seem like a very genuine person. I wish ur mom loads and loads of positivity!

I just Love how Deepika Padukone remained so grounded and positive even after so much of false accusations and hate. She has really become a self made queen as she’s now Producing 4+ big films and giving us such an impact full movies. Truly proud of her️

So good to see these many actresses talk about their career at the same time . Would like to see a similar pan india roundtable

Here for Tilotama, she nailed in Is love enough? SIR

Came here for Deepika but stayed for Tillotma Shome️

Im so so happy to see Tripti Dimri here, her expressions, her dialogue delivery was so so good in Bulbbul. She deserves so much more than she is getting️

Chappak was one of those movies when I first saw the trailer I felt like it was one of those hard watches like it would be a heart hitting sad movie to watch but I ended up watching it and I realised that it gave me a lot of perspective and it also showed me a lot of strength that I could garner from the movie. I feel like this movie was not just an experience for the people who made it but also for the audiences. Hats off to Deepika Padukone as a producer and actor of her calibre to backup such a beautiful movie it&#39;s just insane to me .I have always loved Deepika Padukone and have always been a huge fan of her . But this movie  made me love her even more.

I came only for Tripti.She is a volcano of talent from Laila Majnu to

Tilottama oh my God when she said &quot;there are people who have lot&#39;s of money but absolutely no dignity so dignity comes through class&quot; this is sooo true ️️️

The beautiful Kiara makes it worth a watch. Talented, pretty and good natured.

We need to see Tilottama  Shome more often coz she&#39;s one of the under-rated actress of this generation

At the cost of repeating: Deepika is a fantastic actor but her interviews are Boring as ALWAYS!!

Came here only for the QUEEN OF BOLLYWOOD - DEEPIKA PADUKONE. She was brilliant in Chhapaak. That insane level of beauty and stardom and she shed it all in that film.. ️️️️.. Love her. Long live Queen Padukone. 

Taapsee ️
Waaaaay better than the actress roundtable of 2019.. Felt like real people and real conversations this time..

Best movies...<b>Thappad</b> - Taapsee <b>Bulbbul</b> - Tripti <b>Gunjan Saxena</b> - Janhvi <b>Chappak</b> - Deepika ️
This was soO wholesome and uplifting. ♡

Here for tripti️️ you go girl️
Tillotama Shome is a beautiful cocktail of humility, wisdom and intelligence. She has such immense clarity of thought and she exudes such warmth.

lovely round table Rajeev. Thanks a ton.

Deepu 
Deepika ️
They really copped out. There were so many memorable performance s and they couldn&#39;t take names. !!

Came for taapsee stayed for all of the above

The Only Thing I Concentrated Here Was Jhanvi and Deepika And Even Shabana And Kiara&#39;s Internet Is So Clear And Sound Was Great Taapsy you need a better One The Picture Quality Is kinda Yellow And Blur

The reason why there is no negativity in the comment section is bcoz its in English

I am getting fond of Janhvi and tripti.. Both are cute and down to earth... Both are very talented (tripti more than janhvi though).. But j will also proove her, as she is choosing only content oriented films rather than masala roles!!

Forever taapsians️️
Where can I watch SIR?

Deepika is the best 

Queen deepika
Deepika 
here for Tripti Dimri only. Future of Bollywood

The 1st question really tells you who is going to be honest and who are the bullshitters! Only heard Rasika,  tripti and tilotama, skipped everything else.

Queen of hearts deepika padukone

Love Tillotama Shome. Such a great conversationalist ️.
Loved hearing Tillotama, Rasika , Tripti and Janhvi. Deepika is always love.

Queen Deepika Padukone ️
I love you Deepika
Tillotama️️️
Deepika regaining queen...️️️️god bless you 
Loved Tillotama’s perspective here. She’s so real and raw. Rasika is a super star here.

Queen Deepika 
Deepika is always amazing! Tillotama is so intelligent, Tripti is very passionate and sweet i hope she gets more movies. rest are whatever.

Love for deepika 
Didn&#39;t know her earlier, but Tillotama Shome is so articulate ️ Lovely

Taapsee and Deepika ️. Love these two ladies. Also Shabana azmi is so mature and may I say extremely gorgeous.

Tilotama was the most charming out of them all

Miss Konkana here.

छापाक
Happy to see DP smile again.... Just saw her .... Others no matters.... Nor presence nor words....

<a href="">#deepika</a> 
I am the happiest to find Rasika here. She is such a gem.

Among all the newcomers only janhvi is a part of thisso happy to see this

Janhvi is much more matured than her age️ she&#39;s so hardworking

This comment section is so supportive

This comments section is so nice and positive. It&#39;s been long since I&#39;ve seen such a comments section

Tillotama is soo underrated

Inn saab may mojee janhvi ji hii dhek rahi haa ..mari nazrr os pe haa love janhvi :-)
Janhvi....Someone who made me laugh whenever I used to be sad....someone who motivates me to be strong and confident...someone who means so so so much to me....in short an INSEPARABLE part of my life.....If we keep the fact on one side that she&#39;s daughter of legendary Sridevi then you&#39;ll observe that there&#39;s so much more to learn from her....I&#39;m not saying this because I&#39;m her diehard fan, but I&#39;m saying this because I&#39;m from those who respect the growing talent, who wants to learn more and more....I know there are so many peoples who hate her and I&#39;m not even saying them to love her because I respect others choices so I&#39;ve complete right to expect same from others that they won&#39;t interfare in my choices...And I&#39;ll always support Janhvi no matter what....I literally loved this roundtable session 

Rasika, Tillotama &amp; Janhvi are the wisest of the speakers in the panel. Others are good too. But these 3 stand out :)

Deepika️️️️
I wish there were less people so I could hear Janhvi more

Deepika 
Deepika Padukone in Chappak &amp; Tapsee in Thappad 
Tabu? Radhika? C’mon, those two killed it this year! Tabu in Suitable boy and Radhika in Raat Akeli Hai. Great to see Shabana, Tripti, and even Jhanvi though.

Kiara was simply flawless in GuiltyTo thos who haven&#39;t watched it go watch , it&#39;s a hard hitting performance

I mean wow i loved seeing rasika and deepika in a screen ...like woww my two absolute favourites together

Cheers
One of the amazing interview... Everyone was listening to it, patiently and try to put themselves whether they were feeling same or not...Tillotama is my favorite of all, such a raw and magnetic aura she has...Shabana ji literally been more experienced and her choice of words to explain her views is excellent, rasika being jolly person  happy with everything she is listening... Tripti and Jhanvi being introvert and shy yet has given a firm views about wht they have felt or see...Deepika- more of a listener yet experience one, but she find to difficult to express something in a word, because it can&#39;t be put into words u need to feel it..Taapssee is straight forward quiet blunt. Can&#39;t say much about kiara but she was good to...Overall lovely interview

I am in love with the character tripti dimti has played 

Vidya balan in shakuntala Devi? How can you leave her out?

Rasika ️
Wow. Tillotama is something else. How graceful of her to share her flaws in public. Got to watch Sir now.Also rooting for Tripti. She was unbelievably good in Bullbul. Haunting performance.

Rasika Dugal was great in Lootcase too. I hope you include Rajesh Krishnan and Kunal Khemu in the successive roundtables.Edit: Just saw the line-up of Actors roundtable. You&#39;re simply the best Rajeev :)

Where is sushmita sen ??? She was amazing in aarya

Kiara Advani, my queen! 
Wow Taapsee makes it to the table every year! Kudos to her for doing so well ️ loved Thappad!

Rasika Dugal
<a href="">36:33</a> That&#39;s why we love you. You don&#39;t believe in victimhood. You actually do what is required. Even when unfairness in the industry has led you lose work. Even when people show despise for your political opinions. You never present yourself as a bechari.

Deepika us such a gem of a person sooo grounded soooo warm

I think tabu should be here

I love you taapsee
This is one show I always look forward to every year. And it never disappoints. SO insightful, I&#39;ll definitely be rewatching it several times in the coming months to take everything in. However I was very sad that all the ladies pretty much chickened out of answering the question of their favourite performance of 2020. I was hoping they would all choose at least one female performance. There were so many to choose from: Taapsee (Thappad), Deepika (Chhapaak), Tripti (Bulbbul), Bhumi (Dolly Kitty), Vidya (Shakuntala Devi), Radhika M. (Angezi Medium), Kiara (Guilty), Sanjana (Dil Bechara), Alia (Sadak 2), Konkona (Dolly Kitty), Neena (Shubh Mangal Zyada Saavdhan), Yami (Ginny Weds Sunny).

Taapsee and Ranveer Singh do a movie together..... They both will rock 

Yrr I hope deepika got all the awards for chhapaak, she is d best ️

haseen dilruba releasing date ??

We love u deepu
Haha no Kangana Ranaut for Panga I knowww she has been spreading lot of negativity in this year but her work in Panga was amazing ️

Only here for Deepika

I&#39;m so excited for anything rasika will be in!

Tripti Dimri n Tillotama in the house!! Yayyy 

Tapsiii thank you for taking Irfan sirs name ️

OMG tripti dimri is love  She is so elegant and bulbul was a masterpiece, and deepika  ,I wish alia baby was also here

All Deepika Fans hit a like️

Just wondering aloud, if Kangana had a performance worthy enough to be at the roundtable in 2020, would she be invited to such a platform now given how a lot of people are not comfortable with her attitude?

I really adore Janavi

Deepika ️️️️
Deepika 
The choice of actresses was really nice. They all did wonderful films.

Any performance of my deepu &gt;&gt;&gt; whole career of some other actresses

I had a smile on my face whenever Tillotama spoke. So raw, empathetic and aware 

Deepika is the most beautiful , most talented , the strongest , the bravest , the toughest , the coolest...she has grace...her aura is different...she is tye definition of being Perfect ....love her forever️....and words aren&#39;t enough to describe her

Deepuiiiiiiiee 
Despite of so much negativity deepika is still the same way she was before...this proofs how strong she is....she is a lady to be admired not that queen of hypocrisy.... Agree or die but Deepika is the only queen we have

They all speak as beautifully as their works do. So happy for Tripti️

Tilottoma is the star of this roundtable.

This is how it should be. Cinema in India is more than Bollywood movies. Thank you to Rajeev for not ignoring OTT and giving these women the respect and attention they deserve

Praying for Tillotama&#39;s Parents  , hope her mother recover soon !!!!!

Just beautiful , moving.

Tilotama tripti and Jhanvi really surprised me. It was great to see them. Jhanvi is really articulate

Rasika is so gorgeous. Damn.

Rasika ️️️️. Her words are so warm
TRIPTI DIMRI needs a lot more recognition, hands down. Such an amazing actor with a humbling persona! Rooting for her in the coming years :)

So happy to see tripti dimriLong coming
Yayyyy deepika
Tillotama made me cry
Tilottoma is so beautifully charming that u can listen to her all the time. She reminded me of Rani Mukherjee and Vidya Balan.

Deepika is the best in everything️

Why was Sushmita Sen not part of this. She literally defines A-list performance for 2020

Deepika️...she is beautiful inside - out️
Deepika padukone performance in chhapaak is just 
Deepika 
Deepika is just so nice and good. I cannot stop looking at her

Tillotama yarr...dropping truth bombs in every answer...so real and genuine answers from her...Was so fresh to listen to her...

Best performance of 2020 is gunjan saxena for sure ️

Janhvi and tripti are so cute and innocent I&#39;m waiting for thier movies ️

I feel like janhvi is so much more matured for her age and is so knowledgeable,  i love her innocence &lt;3 cannot wait to see her be a star

loved tillotama 
Queen deepu ️
Janhvi is future alia. Just see her blossom in the forthcoming

deepika is soo humble and grounded. with all the fame she has, she still is soo humble. really admire this lady.

I&#39;m here just for deeepikkka

Janhvi is delightful to watch.. Sridevi has raised her so well.She will definitely go long way.️️

Tillotama 
My love DEEPIKA ️
Tripti Dimri... ️ Bulbull is a masterpiece..

Here for only janhvi kapoor . She is best

Deepika
I like tillotama talk.. She is talking so good... Sunnein  ka dil kar raha ha🇵🇰️
Its a pleasure to listen to Shabana mam

Honestly, leave actors and actresses aside, the only true “hero” of 2020 is Sonu Sood. He’s the only one who has embodied the true spirit of being a public personality who works for the public.

where r konkona n bhumi?

Here for Tripti ️️
Anushka Sharma did what she could for Tripti now Bollywood needs to give the opportunities fgs!

GIVE TRIPTI THE WORK SHE DESERVES!

Kiara!!!   ️️️
Just here for Tripti Dimri.She is a proper class actress.

Tripti️
Janhvi cutie pie
Please bring Hrithik for Actors Round Table 

Mind my words : Janhvi is future star

Indian female Superstar Deepika Padukone ma&#39;am your performance as Malti in Chhapaak was hard hitting!

Janhvi is the most talented among her contemporaries she&#39;s doing good content film and her contemporaries are just doing masala films to get famous

Love you Deepika Padukone ma&#39;am!️
Janhvi looking so cute 
Deepika performance In chappak incredible. Astonishing performance of the year  Deepika and tapsee 

Tripti and janhvi are the most talented and beautiful ️

<a href="">27:40</a> JANHVI is very sort out person i&#39;mean I actually thinks earlier that she can&#39;t speak properly but i&#39;mean now see her she always talk sensible and I love listening to her

I’m not able to take off my eyes from my love Deepika ️ she is my life 

Deepika is Bollywood queen and my love ️
Tripti tripti triptiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Two things I appreciated about this interview. One, all are respectively listening to each other and not sipping away from large mugs. Second, Bhumi is not included. She would have got on my nerves butting in and try overpowering the conversation.

I love Shabana ji ,though we are not on the same page politically, but I love her as an individual and as an artist 

Tillotama Shome - Wow! She radiates positivity, empathy and intelligence inside out. So articulate ️ More power to her!

Deepika&#39;s scream in chhappak still gives me goosebumps.

Deepika is such a warm person and so so supportive of everyone...Just love her 

I&#39;m just here for janhvi she&#39;s very talented we all judge her for dhadak but she proved she&#39;s not here become heroine she&#39;s here to become a good actor  so proud of you you truly deserve this

Janhvi in ​​gunja 
SIR!!! I can’t wait. This is going to be my weeknight watch :)))

Deepika

Taapsee pannu so deserves to be here. She has given so many meaningful and entertaining films. Good to see her and Deepika here!

Came just for Queen Deepika and stayed for the wonderful panel. All these talented actresses deserve nothing but love. ️

Deepika
If it’s a Rajeev Masand interview, you have to do your Homework.

Somebody please give Tripti all the films !! She&#39;s so talented and gorgeous. Bulbbul was such a star making performance. I&#39;m rooting for her ️

Aren&#39;t any smart director producer out there who can cast Tripti Dimri? Shi is a volcano of talent. Still untapped.

Suhmita Sen should have been there for Arya.

Taapsee Pannu is so underrated .

Deepika is so beautiful and charming.I love her

Hear Tillotama 31st minute Wow.
Deepika 
Taapsee in her thappad... Best performance and it goes best Asian films nominated and she deserved it 

Thappad was excellent, dialogues were terrific. SIR is definitely must watch im not sure whether these actresses have even watched it. Love Tripti..Laila Majnu was great and Bulbbul too good. Nothing against Kiara but Guilty was so bad.

Deepika is so humble 

Guilty is not good movie I don&#39;t think the performance was also good, not saying she was bad , but the round table credibility is high , 

So happy to see Tripti here ️

Only for deepika...... She&#39;s a queen..... 

Deepika️
Deepika ️️️
All ladies very eloquent until they were asked to choose a best performance of other colleague. Everyone was stuttering. I am gutted no one chose mirzapur which is def is the best OTT show of 2020.

Janhvi is such a poise and elegant actor...surely the daughter of Sridevi ji

I really had a nice time watching this Roundtable discussion :) Quite an insightful perspective of the things I normally wouldn&#39;t imagine about :)

Tilotama is so real!! I can listen her talk for hours.

Tillotama Shome️️️
Taapsee have come a long way she deserves everything. Ppl now need to Stop calling her underrated and start appreciating her and give her the attention she deserves ️

TAAPSEE AND DEEPIKA 
Deepika 
Janhvi Kapoor ️
Naicee!! Actress roundtable has been way more sensible than the Actor&#39;s roundtable l feel..

Why is Deepika wearing Ranveer’s banian? 

Tillotama and Rashika Lovely to see these two there!

Deepika️️
No Sushmita Sen for Aarya?

Janhvi ️️
why spend the first 15 minutes of a video titled ACTRESSES roundtable talking about arbitrary sentimental/personal things? it&#39;s not even in the context of films???

I Love  u DEEPIKA
Love You Deepika Padukone 
I am here for queen Deepika !

Best performance of 2020 is chhapaak️

Deepika you&#39;re the Queen  and nothing can destroy you️

Deepika is such a sweetheart  coming years will be hers totally

Deepika Taapsee shabana ji
Janhvi is choosing good content rather than working with already successful heroes to get leverage.

Will love to see Deepika, Rasika, Tilotama &amp; Tapsee in a film together! Thanks for this roundtable Rajeev! 

Deepika, you are the BEST! There&#39;s no one like you! LOVE YOU QUEEN!!! 

No offense to anyone but here are some very popular actresses who have still not made it to roundtable ( not talking about newcomers roundtable) Katrina KaifShraddha KapoorAishSara Ali khanAnanya PandeyJacquelineSonakshi SinhaDisha patani    Any more names ???? Not sure about kareena

Deepika padukone in chhapaak will be one of the greatest performances in the coming decade..!! ️

If the book &quot;Palace of Illusions&quot; by Divakaruni is ever made into a movie, I just wish Tripti plays Panchali She has that grace, demeanor and innocence of Draupadi as in the book 

Kiara Advani 
I want to see more of Janhvi. 

Such good performances, all of these!

Can I just screammmmmm ,&quot; DEEEPIKA PADUKONE!!!!!!!&quot; I LOVEEEEEEEEEE YOUUU ️️️️
Deepika padukone I love you forever and ever keep that smile entact my strongest girl

Only for deepss️️
The way janhvi said &quot;arey please&quot;  and calling &quot;shabana aunty&quot; mainly she said respect is a right we don&#39;t need to please anyone to get it.  Janhvi is too good and innocent.

Deepika is LOVE️️️
Sishmiya for Aarya should have been here

For the queen of Bollywood deepika Padukone

Who says &quot; You know &quot; more deepika or tripthi??

Deepika️️️
Someone give Tripti a job! She deserves one!

Tripti ️️ loved ur performance
The Deepika held her ground always... ️

Nice lineup but where is Sushmita Sen for Aarya????

Deepika  ..Just  loved her in chapaak.... she is so cute and my hands are itching to unpin her hair 

Janhvi my love!! &lt;3 &lt;3
Love dp
Dp only for her

Aruvi tamil movie happy to listen it from janhvi kapoor. (Tamil hindi.).

Here only for Deepika

Dp️
Dp️
Deepika queen
Janhvi is choosing content oriented movies rather than masala films ,unlike are contemporaries doing only masala roles with less screen time, opposite big actors just to get fame... Janhvi is doing women centric movies!! And she has improved a lot from Dhadak to Gunjan saxena... And she is such a pure heart...

omggg still i can&#39;t believe Taapsee and Deepika in one screen️

There needs to be a Part 2 with more actresses.

Deepika ..u are beautiful,humble,talented,grounded and you should know thatThank you

Dp
Deepika️️️️
Waiting for your upcoming movies, Deepika!

Here for Deepika. She is love. Let Gobar bhakts outrage as much as they want but  it doesn&#39;t matter.

Hope you&#39;ll invite actresses from South too :)

Also Rajeev please repost the roundtable in which Priyanka, Alia, Parineeti and tabu were there years back. I tried really hard to find it. Please upload it again.  Why is it not there?

Yay I love actress roundtables!  Can&#39;t wait to take out time and watch it! ️ Not a big fan of actor&#39;s roundtable though...I think everyone fakes it there.

Deepika ️️️️️
Janhvi 
Here for the beautiful and brilliant Tillotama!!  If you haven&#39;t watched Sir, please do and I gurantee you will love it!

Deepika ️
Deepika 
Still missing Rani Mukherjee im this interview. 

what's the matter
Was expecting Anna Ben from the Malayalam movie kappela. Sir, u should watch it. Her performance in Helen was also terrific last year, apparently Boney Kapoor has bought the rights for Helen, hope Jhanvi doesn&#39;t disappoint.

So happy to see Deepika here, she has grown as a performer this year... she was fantastic in Chhapaak.

HELLLLOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! GOOD GOING RAJEEV

First?
