So Great

Vb

Vb

I have invited you to join me with others.
Cv

Vb

What will happen to me if I live among good people?
Let's invite other people also for Diwali.
Sister
Jk

Jk

Ok, we all want to celebrate Diwali together, Papa has been asked to book a farm house.
Yu

Yu

Message hata ke batao ki ap log isi karan naraj the

Why are you making people angry by not celebrating Diwali with others?
I made 3 little long flags and made the mast and my remaining brothers and sisters also made the flag.
Sister, please log in here during Diwali.
Yu

Yu

Ab mujhe koi message ka reply mt krna

I don't care about your people or my brothers or sisters.
I wanted to live with someone but I also got married.
I don't care about you or anyone else.
Ty

Ty

Bnd ab se insta chalana behn

I feel so bad about Insta, I don't think I will ever cheat on Insta.
89

89

Papa log jo pakde hai usko mujhe nind ata hai kyuki

Sister, I will keep my eyes on you as long as possible.
atleast she cares about the country and their health

Aap shalman she door rahaana paleej pirrenka
Mem

Love mem beautiful

I ask the whole planet to come to the aid of this person to clean more than that the planet must be clean You must understand that it is the planet of our lungs I know that each Ignore but in the dictionary and how many And how many other bowls gather in it Come on to do a little cleaning completely please wholeheartedly and wholeheartedly please come to clean up I know each Ignore each Looking for all sorts of things or learned convenience we don&#39;t have to clean up Let&#39;s all do the cleaning please Nițu Joker signs with all his heart and with all his heart to clean

I ask every person to come and give a Click Cat for that person we have to help them get up very well I know that every critic from all sides But before we criticize we have to look in the mirror and then to criticize every person long problems but each person must understand that out of love peace and love I must eat you liquid and not elsewhere must each person understand Let&#39;s finish clicket sign nitru Joker

Superb

Priyanka Chopra you are a God i am your worshiper of your love My rani you are very good in my love.

Priyanka Chopra is the name of the successful actress mean a great of intelligent personality and hard work in daily routine my dorling

You are very good my jaan priyanka rani diljaani. I love you You love me. My dorling you are my the best  rani in my life my dear

O my priyanka I like to you dorlingYou likes to me my jaan .

O my raniya oh priyanka I like to your love my jaan.i do like you my rani
O priyanka o my dorling o my lovely o my jaan  .I like you myLikeness rani you are liking me myJaan .
Very nice priyanka

love you so much Priyanka

That&#39;s why u r a national icon priyanka ....proud of u

Good,,

PrinkyA kya jruri h ye sb krna aap tho mra best ackter ho I love you so much
loved.....

m proud of you dear!!!

proud of you  <a href="">#pc</a>  and proud of being a  <a href="">#pcmaniac</a>  

We r proud of u PC and every Minute pass our love inc. to u

Can&#39;t wait to see the full video <b>_</b> the proudest!

great work :)
wow

awesome

Well done
