Ranbir 
I will eat and breakup
Super

Super bhai

Bc 

Everyone is fucked here
Ranbir Bhai is very handsome
Ranbir alliy bhat ki papa jesha ha hai…Motherchod….
Which heroine is left behind? Amisha Patel is younger than Alya and others
Nice

Ranvveer kapoor nahi... He is a beef guy
Bewkuff ancor itni ladki se afair Kese ho sakta he..1 ya 2 se jayda Afir thodi hote he .

Number 1 video ,Amazing video me!
Teri bund me kyu dard hai .  Tu bhi kar le

Me future se aayi hu ab ranvir and alia are married aur alia pregnant bhi ho chuki h baki brahmastra movie super flop movie h

And anushka sharma or aishwarya rai ke sath bhi affair tha

Mahesh bhatt got a right son in law

Why is there a need to satisfy the rand log, this is the gap, save it and earn money.
Aliya agar shadi se pehle pregnant naa hoti.. to isko b chorh deta ranbeer k gale parh rai thi baat

But now full stop with Gangu Bai....Last stop..

Ranbir tagda actor h

Chutiya Media
When you see, you should hit him with slippers. If he is a hero then what happened, he has no mother and sister in his house, he is making so many girlfriends.
And he also fucked his friend's girlfriend in Sanju movie
Yeh toh chinar turned out to be...
, Rajendra sir, you give real jobs, you are a very great person who gives employment to the unemployed, you are a very noble person sir, I will never forget this favor of yours in my life ️️
, Rajendra sir, you give real jobs, you are a very great person who gives employment to the unemployed, you are a very noble person sir, I will never forget this favor of yours in my life ️️️
Bhai.. actually karna kay chahate hoo. ???

️️RAJENDER SIR ️️ You hold so many meetings of greedy people. .
️️RAJENDER SIR ️️ You hold so many meetings of greedy people. .
Ranbir is an amazing man .

Oh brother you are the real Khaldi
wow ranvir bhyiia role model bolter

Oh ho hooo...my good...what's the matter friend
Ranvir ko mujhe pasand hay

Ranbir be like:, I will not shy away.
Movie industry to ayyashi ka adda hai, inn ko dekh ke aur log bhi kharaab ho jate hai.

Ranvir kpur mereko thoda bhi pasand nhi ye

He is very different person in Bollywood

This has been accomplished
Bada laundiya baaz thaa
Neputesam Actar
<b><i>Ye Toh Fuck Boy Nikla </i></b>

OM NAMAH SHIVAY. OBSERVED AND ENJOYED VISUALS OF ACTOR RANBIR KAPOOR AND HIS ALLEGED LOVE AFFAIRS WITH CONTEMPORARY AND SENIOR ACTRESSES AS REPORTED IN VIDEO STATUS. FOUND HE HAS ACTED AND BEHAVED LIKE A LIVING LION. BUT HIS APPEARANCE EXPRESSES NOT SO.

Bahat hi kamine hai Ranbir kapur

toka ku mante haba.tuma apka thumnail will be like yours
I don't like Ranveer Karoor's acting, it's a shame, I should give a chance to someone else in Bollywood.
Still I like him
Matlab koi kisi bhi ladki se agar baat bhi karle to tum log to un dono ke liye mandap tak saja daloge. Grow up guys........ Photo me koi ladki saath hai to kya love interest hi hogi ??!!! Shame on your thinking

Why are you feeling like chilli?
That’s why Ranbir kapoor play Sanju 

<a href=""> Brahamstra Trailer Reviews Ranbir Kapoor and Karan Johar surrounded in controversy on the very first day
T

Kodha phadh nikala chota chuva
Play boy

such people are never stable for long

the fucker presses and leaves
Most of the actors in blywood are womanizer,not at all ranbir....  i m not his fan but its natural in bollywood 

Ameesha patel bhi

Ise kamsutra should be the hero of the movie
My record is more than RK. Why won't I get married?
Its his choice br

Is londe ko ats hoga

As the father so the son

Akhir mein, Aliyaa ne baaji maarliyaa!!! Abi Chudakkad Bandar!! salonkeliye Andar!!!
Guruji 
Nepotism

Nepotism

Now I will go to heaven
Finnally Alia Bhatt or Ranbir ki shadi ho gyi  

Ranbir ney aliye se Shadi kar li... Honestly ranbir... Kabi nahi sudrega..

what is salman khan play boyshahrukh khan play boy
Finally got married. After dating 12 girl friends. Horrible.  Broke up all records.

&quot;The Only Girl That Matches Up With The Handsome Hunk RK Is KK....&quot;

Ek no. ka ran......baaj ha

Hhh ho gaya shadi


ab to shadi hogai

Do u have any proofs don&#39;t mislead u mc

Sadhi krli inhone bekuf
<a href="">05:07</a> Alia or Ranbeer's marriage has reached its end 
with ameesha kapoor 
finle wife alia to winer hui

Aaj Ranbir Kapoor ki shadi ho gayi 

Good job Ranveer keep it up 
My favourite actor..

Alia waali relationship SHADI tak aa gyi didi...KAL SHAADI HAI ।
Do we really want to take anyone away from Ranbir Kapoor? Uski life hai hum ko kya aise bawaas video or information kya late ho kuch aisi video jo ke kam aaye 
Pro ply boy
thumb girl name???

I was reading the comments and then I thought these guys are just jealous of him.

yeh to kaprekitarah gf badalta he

Brother Akshay Kumar should not be forgotten in these matters.
Dating means fucking, Ranbir fucked everyone.
Sultan sir, you are great as much as your name is, I have seen you less brother, at what speed you are joining, thank you sir 
The fu*k boi... Ranbir kapoor... 
Sultan sir you have given me a lot of love sir I want to be my friend sir
Sultan sir, you have given me a lot of love, sir, I want to become my friend, please give me my license, I'd like to send you a photo.
Father is not the biggest brother, the biggest money is
Play boy the Ranbir Kapoor  sala dil chor

With how many people has Aaliya dated?
Ranbir must have kissed Karishma too
His dumbest gf Alia Bhatt.. 

Alia ka to nasib kharab hai jo itna experiance wala banda mila

No dipika was pregnant with him but aborted her baby because of neetu singh and Ridhima kapoor so she went in depression and Sonam is second

It depends on time if he is good with muslims

Bollywood ka jonysins
Handsome h bhut jyada h Ranbir Kapoor

Ye feku hai re

Baba I love this man 
NOT ADMITTED RANBIR KAPOOR AS ALLEGED PLAYBOY. HE APPEARS TO VERY CIVIL AND GENTLE ACTOR. HE HOLDS NO LIONS MENTALITY AND ATTITUDE.

Not compare with sanju baba

Very nice Ranveer Kapoor
j badiyaa tha guru
I am also handsome but… I have loved someone, today she is my wife…
Abe wo quality time hota hai

Who understood the cuckoo, the crow came out....Who understood him clearly, the crow came out of his pocket...
Here I don't have 1 naseeb and this score is being scored.
Whose girl broke up with him?
Public fuddu hai jo in chutiyo ko faltu me footage deti hai.

Bless him as long does not take wacky backy. As age progresses will mature accordingly. A humble human being who is blessed with talent.

Deepika Padukone is the best
Ali god bless 

Affair bs movie niklne tk
Yeh hama ladkon ki aan baan shaan hain Proud to You.
Bahot bada londiyabaj hai ..zindagi yehi Gee ra hai BC hum log to buss kat rahe hain

Kisi poool khulti h Tu sunne ka maza hi kuch aur Aata h

Come on, you are also doing some chutiyapa 
Thumbnail 

Ranbir's pair is seen with Alia.
Ranbir broke the record of Akshay Kumar.
Ranbir is a trendy boy .jo larki trend main rehta hain bas woh ranbir ka gf hojata hain ..kkisko nahi chorega

Ye pagal smjta he such me afair karo to parde pr real lagana.isliy hr movie ki co acter se afair krta he...

Deepika chased Ranbir even after breaking up with him.
Alia's dream: I want a husband like my father. God: son will make me feel better.
Will you ever become Ranveer's gf?
Kuch girl ko chor do

Achchha

Ye ayaash hero hai
How many marriages have I gone through, how many girls have I fucked.. Why all these guys don't know true love.. But they only believe in fucking.
Rangeelare Rangeelare Ranbeer Rangeelare
Anushka Sharma sang for the most fun
20 years of single me ️️️
 everybody bollywood
Haha aise karte karte ranbir kapoor ki films ki list bhi khatm ho gayi...jitne films utne affairs 

He is following Sanjay Baba's footsteps 
Playboy and cheater of the era.

This much publicity to Bhosudiwalon seems to have done a lot of good to the country.
13no mam not 11

Dusra..imran hasmi
️️️Bhaiyon please make payment na Kare inki baato m na fase Kiran Rohit vipin Devendra Satish Mishra Sagar daya dimpi musfira Anuj Manoj Nisha arun sab fraud hai please payment na Karen bhaiyaon please please please ️️️️️️️️
Jiske sth ye movie karta h usse affair chalane lgta h uff ye Bollywood wale
Brother with whom the film maker took us 
thumb girl name??

Forgot Anushka Sharma's name?
Which girl is there in the thumbnail? Someone tell me
Badia londe sexy boy
Hey, the most bastard directors and producers are hot... Salman, Ranbir are in bad name...
Ranbir Kapoor..
Sidha bolo n jiske sath movie uske saath ghapaghap hota ऽता हैं
Now it has come to the notice of the society why Deepika wanted to gift a packet of condom to Ranbir.
Sanju baba's record can also be broken
Play boy

Affairs ka don 
What will happen to you now Aaliya ???
Ranbir kapoor is a play boy

Oh boy, you did it 
Ranbir Kapoor hearts of billions

How many girls have you fucked with, father?
Ranbir has only one goal.. whether the film jam ke chale or na chale.. maje to jam ke lenge with actress
When the time comes, Ranveer's movie will be made with which girl will the movie be made with?
Answer: Everything is still going on, Ranbir.
In the era of simps and losers Ranbir is the ultimate example for men who have lost their value with time.

He is legend. He is not simp. He is stud. He is an awesome actor.

Isme kharabi kya hai ? Women want his money,looks,body so it is easy for him .

I am waiting for ranvir and mangna ranaut relationship news

His mother's trust
I think he have big dats wy all actress attrack to him

Over fek rhi ho thora km kro

Ranbir is playboy until sanju baba entered 
What is Ranbir's name after Johnny Sins?
everyone will be taken
Ranveer Kapoor is a bad boy, Ranveer Kapoor does everything.
Ananya is better thai Alia

He is really Play boy

.

Abey adhmi hai ya pajama 
Prostitute and inn film actor, actresses mai koi farak nhi, farak bs itna sa hai film wale khule mai krte hai or jyada paise kmate hai, prostitutes band kamre mai km paiso ke sath krte hai bs itna hi farak hai

Girls don&#39;t believ in a true lover they just she personality and money and they geted cheet . for example I love a girl too much for she I have done all thing but she didn&#39;t love me and look for a good personality and she got cheeted  I help her and marry her  now she is my wife but her son is not of mine.

Ranbir is legend

Who doesn't want ayash? Even the poorest of the poor man does ayash. Just think why should someone who has crores of rupees do not do so? Friend, I think Ranbir Kapoor should watch this video and the person who has made such a video should lodge an F.I.R. you connect the tuber...
Someone said True....Bollywood industry is a Whore Industry...

In the future, no human banker will be born as an actor, everyone has seen this.
Bollywood may show everything on screen or it is very dirty.
I&#39;m inspire from him

After Brahmastra, Alia was also stolen.
Sab chalu mal h bollywood me

Right now the list will be awaited, many are waiting like Ananya, Jahanvi, Suhana
All the bad guys, Ranveer fucked 3 people, DepikaKatrina, Alia, or someone else.
Dipika is most beautifull

She shows herself in such a way that she has developed a relationship with the person with whom she has done the movie.
Chichiliiiiiiii

That&#39;s why I like him most.Londa gjb hai 

Sanju baba
Now 40 years old young Ranbir is hanging out with whom? After marriage, bhee khandaani tradition is being followed napoor mom
Ranbir Kapoor is a very weak minded man and keeps changing his women often..he knows nothing about love and keep falling in love with every pretty face

Suppar

Anushka Sharma has been forgotten.
I don&#39;t this Ranbir Kapoor.He is a play boy.just used and throw.Naya actress Debut kartay hi ALIAH ko na day break up

I Think you are missing Aishwarya..

Same on you

It is not Ranbir Kapoor's fault, this family is drunk and drunk. Use it and then waste it..
This is such a useless human being, today you told me that we consider him a hero but he is not even worthy of that.
Kareena said that this Bihari Sala (Shushant) is kissing our daughter.
Kareena's real naked photos are on the internet
Ranbir, God has given his blessings to everyone...you will not be in any doubt, he will give that also to you.
Playboy

Bewkuf he Aalia bhat aese chit karne vala boy friend aage jake ese bhi chit hi karega and jodi bhi bakwas he

Who told you these things?
Play boy image ..

<b>If life is like this</b>
You are a very slow human being.
Zindagi maze to ye lera hai

They don't have the talent to make movies like this, 90% of Bollywood is rubbish.
Sanju are real hero Love <a href="">#ranbir</a>
He will leave Alia soon remember this comment

Esa to phir bechare ko kisi ldki ke sath film hi ni krni cahoye

Abey to kya kya hai kya hai kya hai dakhega hai
There is no guarantee of getting married.
There is no guarantee of getting married.
Bakwass

Harmi h

The boy came looking for Naseeb.
Girls love him for his face, personality and body.

Londiabazz Sala
inka to chalta is me kon si badi baat hai

Very nice

your voice is very nice
KYA KERNE KA HE TUJE TU APNA CRUSH DEKH NA

It is a great blessing that this bastard has cheated so many times.
I think next Kiara advani

Ayyaash
Bhai ab aalia ko dhoka matt dena
Message my assistant manager Mohit ji 7042337354 Whatsapp no. I too am called from here or all my friends….
Where is any character used by an actor?
PLAYBOY

Why are you watching this chakkaka movie?
After all, you are the founder of the Playboy company. contact medical department study handle your this situation thank you SAR  . Ranveer Singh 
The rhythm is on hi
You are very proud, son.
Very good

Ranveer play boy h to mahesh bhatt play Father....

Wa Dada wa tum to bade hawai driver Nikle ???
Which new goods have you got, all the girls were already in affair, 2nd hand goods
Now that I can't do this, what will you do,
Is he playing band yr?
A se bakvas logo ko Bollywood industry Jada respect deta hain or Sushant Singh Rajput jai se aache actor ki koi value hi nahin 

The world's greatest ayash
Satan
Aleyabharltt. Ke. Mate. Mary. Gay. Jo. Langur. Ke. Hath. Me. Anngur. No. No. Jo. EtnY. Logonko. Time. Paas. Kar. Have paid. Usko. Aley Bhatt. Jassy. Brilliant. Heroine. No. Vo. Children. Hay. Chotty. Se. Yes. Nonsense. Hay. Ha. Karan.Johar. Se. Best.handsome.man.our.koy.nahe.baat.bany. Alyabhatt. Ke. To. What? Bat. Hay.
Girls love ranbir but he loves their body.. This guy is phenomenal

My driver is smarter than Ranbir. Haha ha.
Right

Chhota sanju
It's true my friend, eat and drink mast, why will you pale?
Ranbir is the most dangerous human being in the world.
It is clear that even at that time Ranveer was doing sex while at his own expense. This Bollywood and politics are one and the same, only 10% of the water is clean and the rest of it stinks.
Bakwash

Second Sanju is Ranveer Kapoor 
Ye chemdi chor sunjay duth ka b record thodega

Any good looking person faces this type of rumors..this is Ranbir Kapoor..

<a href="">

This is also the birth of two fathers.
This time Kiara or Sara Ali Khan's number is in the list.
Ranbir, who got the chance to enjoy the essence of life, enjoyed it to the fullest and spent his whole life falling prey to the trials and tribulations of life.
Like mother, like father, like son.
Yeh to Anushka or ash ki bhe Lene Kai chkr mei tha lekin wo iske hath aye nhi

Magi khor

Eska dil hai ya girl hostel 
Saala kapoor ke naam par kalank hai,kitne ache actor aur actress hai inke family mein aur ye saala

Flop star nepotism
Zindagi ho toh esi ho..
<a href="">2:04</a> relation jyada nhi chal paya lol , they dated for 8 years !maths weak hai apki didi

Eh toh ek no ki chhiya laga beh
Randveer Kapoor ...
Kuch bhi 

Bache ko bi apna old toy pasand nahi aata jab new toy mil jaye...ranbir toh actor hai

How did you feel, what question will appear in SSC exam?
Character equipped
He did not ask for anything other than Ghapa Ghap.
Which girl is there still to date?
He is passing time with Alia also . Alia also

What does it look like?
Shame on u ..u r showing the picture of his cousins on timeline..ridiculos..

Bachna and beauties...
I also had an affair with every film
You are right
Rainbir had asked  kangana also...and gave indecent proposal

You can also ban play boy and get money also, I can also earn Rs 5000 per day as a play boy.
Vaaaahhh Tm to bde heavy play boy ho bede..mauj karadi bede..mauj

Ranbir kapoor .:- new girl. Aaan de aaan de. .
Ranbir Kapoo is gay. That's why no girl lives with him.
He is doing a movie with whom he is setting with us.
11 ko date nahe thok chuke hai Sach bol

Banda Sanju's record will be broken. With whom you have done less, it seems that you are serious.
Tap tap tap tap.
11 ladkio ko date bas?You didn’t do your complete homework
Ghatia character...

Chutiya Sala
Hey friend, someone else is hunting... this cunt will keep panting.
It&#39;s common in film industry

Ye log koi hero nhi h. ..only nachne wale h.

Bollywood is a dirty girl
Any other actress left?
This is a simple log, what is it?
Sanju's character has been taken seriously since the beginning.. Starkid <a href="">#shit</a>
Daroo mat alia bhi kat legi

We must continue to fight. There will be many life at risk. Whoever wants to obey will obey and whoever does not will shout . I am playing with fire I can say this. I am damn serious about it, I will raise my voice till the very end. I want justice for Sushant Singh Rajput.<a href="">#NoCBINoVote</a> <a href="">#WeWantJuctice</a><a href="">#SushantSinghRajput</a> <a href="">#PMOIndia</a><a href="">#JusticeforSSR</a> <a href="">#IndiawantCBI</a> <a href="">#sushantsinghrajputfans</a> <a href="">#boycottbollywoodmafia</a><a href="">#boycottmumbaipolice</a> <a href="">#BoycottKhans</a> <a href="">#boycottKhansbrothers</a> <a href="">#BoycottKapoors</a> <a href="">#boycottnepotiststarkids</a> <a href="">#boycottnepokids</a>

Those who judge on cmmnt...who are the ones who drink milk???
Pap

Life is short thing &quot;Bf &amp; Gf is nothing&quot;&quot;Mother and father is everything&quot; 1 Subscribe&#39; from Mom &amp; Dad lovers 

Dusra sanju Babu
He is called a lucky boy.
He did not know how to answer this question.
There is money...they are making fun...Actors are not anyone's wise people.
Ranbir defeated Salman Khan and all other Bollywood actors in Love Affairs. Congratulations, Ranbir!!!
Aishwarya Bachchan was tuk tuk tha
Bollywood ki koi actress nhi shodi 

Waaahh ranbir waaahh  bdda chalu hai yehh ranbir  ek ko shoda dusri / dusri ko shoda tesri 

Very soon the news of number 12 breakup will be announced.
Handsome Hai Royal family hai Aiyyashi to krega hi RK

Bollywood should be named as Ranbir corporation 

What is the meaning of this Aliya?
Playboy Deserve Award

Playboy the superstar

Friend, I am so crazy about this...
The best in Bollywood

11th after taking 12th
There is nothing given by God, neither wealth nor fame nor setting. Life is passing with just one mobile and 2GB net.
Ronda..randhir...
These people do not respect these people.
Aabe esne amisha patel ko bi ni chora,
R

We feel that we have great luck.
Love problem solutionLove marriage problem solutionEx love backGet your love backVashikaran specialistBlack magic specialistBUSINESS problemHusband wife problem solutionContact us Maulana ji +91-8696590005
Aiyash

Aiswarya rai too
Rishi kapoor ji only killed Neetu son why are you spoiling your father's name rashcle boy
Bollywood ki koi actress jhodi ki bhi ni sb k sath to affair kr lia.

Bhatt + Kapoor family! Both are no less than the other...both are experts in scandals...a good match!
Fake ...he was in relationship with few out these but not all.....all khan&#39;s much more playboy than any other person in industry

Most useless actor
In this society, even after cheating so much, what kind of people do I like acting, but that cheat is here, handsome is the best benefit of looking cool.
Yar kuch bhi ki chuttiya with whom do you make a flim, apa
Ye to mery tarah he dil phek ashi

ASi koi pasand ni

Ranbir kapoor is a legend

Hey, he is the father of a playboy. Avi is just waiting for a breakup with Alia. This boy can never be a doctor to a girl. What is the solution?
Per film one girl. Bloddy assole.Pervert kahika

Ghost Sahe
Chichhoraaa

1 movie hit Karne ki koshis calrahaheMovie khatam ho jaega to love be end ho jaega.

Most of the actors are in open relationships in the film industry. Break ups doesn&#39;t hold much importance in the industry.

Affair for fuck

Sanju baba ka xerox copy hai ranbir kapoor 
yeh banda janta tha ki  isko  Sanju movie karna tha isliye yeh tayari Kar Raha tha

1 hit movie= one affair of ranveer Kapoor

Chodu nikla ye to
How many 11 eyes have gone 
I don't have the courage to marry him...
Ranbir is best top10 plyboy

Is Ranbir Kapoor having fun with any heroin or not?
Ranveer son, please meet the CBI, meet the Narcotics Bureau, you and your father had a lot of fun, now let's have fun inside the jail.
Love you dear
This madarxhod spends the day with his mother and sister.
He didn't even fuck his sister-in-law.
What would have happened if you saw Grugi Charsi??
Bollywood new sanjay duat
Doesn&#39;t even like to see his face dumb alia and playboy person

There are many ways for entertainment. No need to watch these Bollywood bullies who grow from our own money and treat us like we don&#39;t exist.

Alia bhat

That's why you should be a porn star.
There is still a long list ahead. Can you say anything? Banda Pura is the heart of Bollywood.
I love ranber kapor my fvt actor
Any female want a massage then message me dennysharma1234@<a href="">outlook.com</a>

dog h
This guy is fond of one thing, you all must have understood that when he gets it, then what do we look forward to, let's see something fresh in the market.
After the picture flops, he will run away after shooting Aliya's face too अनया पुण्ड़ी Next Ananya Panday
Aaliya to khandani chichori h ranveer se bdi

I hate them. Go hell

Ranbir As Street 

Alia is best for him. Because he is like her father

Mahira was taken to New York to eat
Mahira or
When girls don't want to give shame to Ranvir, I have to spend my time 
Justice for shushaant and disha saaliaan, ️️️️️
We cannot Handel one .He is handling toooo much how ???

There is no difference between Kuton or in heroine.
Alia Bhatt and Ranbir should break UP..waiting for the good news

Ladkibaaz saala
Cut it out
Do what is right and then let's go.
ok what
Ranbir is not a human but a dog
what is Tharki Bhadwa?
Just love tha ya kuch or v hua tha madam ye v btaeye
We need your support <a href=""> tried to give RK a tribute.Please like and share.

Happy Birthday Our Dear RK <a href=""> Fans do like and share,please 

Aliya also chep girl

Madam, by diverting attention from these people, pay attention to the problems of the country.
Had been doing this for a long time even with Katrina but didn't do it.
It's time to go to jail first.... Sorry babu, why did you take drugs????
Yes...Fake world

Action from 
Play Boy

Ranvir bechara pyaar ka maara...Its only loneliness &amp;bad parenting of Bollywood..

Akash kumar

Sbse shadi hi hone wali thi

You would have seen the condition of Sadak 2, but the condition of Brahmastra would also be the same.
Havas khor
Gurudev

That&#39;s why he is not marrying

Bhagwan ne sab kutch ise hi dya h hume to bas hath hi dya

Bollywod fuker boy

How many times did you take Aliya now?
Thumb nail to sahi lagaya karo sister ke sath haad h yar sharam karo
Mira Khan is taking drugs
Madam aapne jo photo page pr dikhai h vo to is video me h hi nhi.

Everyone has been made to eat
Boycott this movie

One film one girl friend 

Dil phek aashiq
Shameless Bollywood actors

Thats the stupidity of public any ways they want to hear and see what the expect or imagine .....after all its anothet word of famousness and to be in news they all will have lots of affairs or just for publicity they will create one if not so.

I hate Ranveer kapoor boycott Bollywood
This beautiful woman may come and it suits Ranbir.
Boycott Bollywood justice for SSR

False starkid...
Sala bawra let's see
Lucky boy.... pure top heroine.ko. Gap gap kardala
It is not his fault if the papaya comes and falls on the spoon, all the rest go to Hoshiarpur and save themselves from Corona.
Had fun with everyone
Chutiyapa

Shruti hasan is best

Bhad me mre ye drugy rapists gutter dogs n bitches

 He overtakes the other person with just one shot 
dog h ye h
Halka he bhosdinav

Bakwas people. Boycott them

Nashediwood
Beta sbko thoka hai

Wakwash... Play  boy  tha  sab  ko  Khush  rakhna  kaam  he

a dog of 100 dogs
Kaamdev of Bollywood
I am indian playboy9355449144
Ranbir Kapoor one of the finest actor of bollywood brilliant fantastic actor..and also good human kisi ki personal life me mat ghoso

Apart from spreading fake news, there is nothing in the media or channel, only negative news is there, if only negative news is spread, it will destroy someone's image.
ooooooooooo

This taste didn't last long
Alia bhatt ko leave kiya ko mukesh bhatt mardega

next kon ?

In logo ka Boycott
Justice for SSR, DISHA , JIYA KHAN &amp; PAYAL GHOSH.Arrest the neglected officers in MUMBAI POLICE &amp; COOPER HOSPITAL DOCTORS.Arrest Aditya , Rohan, sandip and collect their mobile send the forensic enquiry.Arrest Anurag Kashyap..

dog or bitch
Just like play boy

Nahi dekhana picture bandh karo boleewood
Tapsi says Ranvir is skirt chaser. She is right.

Sala...khabis!!!‍️‍️‍️
If he were an ordinary person, he would have hanged him
Omg 

The meaning of love is not understood by the people who spend their free time and spoil the world.
BEWARE OF RANBIR KAPOOR ALIA..

Boycott Bollywood

A human thief 
R.k is thug life

falto

Is there any treatment for it? Brother, nothing like this will make you pregnant.
Characterless fellow...poor personality
Sab character less hai
Buycott nepotism
This Kapoor will use Aaliya also to make a chord... Then Mahesh Bhatt will find out what would happen if he keeps a relation with the young thief till he is too old or if he will make a chord with her...
This cannot be anyone's
Baap re ye to play boy h disgusting 
Sir, you are a playboy, give me some tips too.
ek number ka kamina h
Is it necessary for these people to get married? Dogs do not need marriage. Everywhere married dogs look like them.
Mc hai

Boycott karo es movie ko
Disgusting......

Sala pkka. ayyash h..bhosdi ka….jinko hum apna idol h wo karne 2 kamayne h humare paiso se…bycot hrami
Boycott those drugiest  

shame on u

<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

This bat is a common bat in Bollywood, it is not a new bat
Amisha Patel 
Asli khiladi to yahi hai sab heroine ki le le hahahaha
Sala play boy...
Get medical treatment soon..to avoid flop
If you are alive then you are still alive.
Boycott Bollywood..

This brother will keep on dating but will never be able to keep the wedding date.
Madam, tell me with whom you had an affair.
What is this man?
This is one number's chutiya
Now everything will flop.
Sabko thoka

Need video or details of this madarchod?
 so funny video.... Which co-star of Ranbir has left behind

there was a lot of rubbish
Totally boycott

Haramakhor h ye....

Such disgusting...!!!!!
Sick....bollywood people r....

Loffer

Luttne wala hain ranbir ko

He is fuck n looser womanizer

️️ I was a very poor I don&#39;t have any job that&#39;s why m was very nervous and then I heard about Saba khan mam..ND I contacted to Saba khan Mamdam(8199903978)  Then she joined me in playboy company...and now I can earn daily above 12K    Thank you so much saba khan mam...8199903978️
Ladkibazz hai ranbir kapoor..
Now he is ageing bachelor. Better settle down before he becomes senior citizen.

My condolences to Alia once she marries this skirtchaser.Her fate won&#39;t be much different from that of his poor long suffering grand-mother Krishna Kapoor, thanks to his skirtchaser grandfather. And Neetu Singh, the long suffering wife of Rishi Kapoor.

Tharki ki sala

I don&#39;t like Ranveer movie.
Dogle hai dono.

Chandi Choor RK
Ekdam Bakwas

Sc Adv Vibhor Anand revealed that One  minor girl was found at Ranbeer kapoor house place same day after last rites of his father Rishi Kapoor.To all fan of RK.. ask him what he did to minor girl<a href="">#childtraficking</a><a href="">#minorgirlsRape</a><a href="">#bullywood2020</a><a href="">#druggist2020</a>

You must decide which day to marry, everything happens during the marriage.
Chi chi faltu 
Hasn't fucked anyone
Playboy 
Sbsy bda h

All the wheels have been filled in the comments. Marchio people, pay attention to your life, what do you get by looking into someone's life?
Lucky boy
Mazza aya
Boycott Bollywood chuthya bana they hai public ko

To ?? Waste of time 

It&#39;s his ownlife

Who is next

Kutta
Ese log bhut gande hote mujhe to nafrat h

BOYCOTT d community spoiler s

He will steal Alia also and then the other one.
He is also the biggest of the larks...
Whoever these porn star-like actresses marry, that unfortunate person will lick whose pussy. You will never find a clean bride.
a toh nalla he saala.
These are the bad things, the actresses are also there and they are having fun with such people.
Ranbir Kapoor's Jitna Bhi girlfriend hai, all time pass hai aur jo Alia Bhatt hai, hai bhi time pass hai
Focket's family is here to stay
Ghatiya hai boliwood  really.

His next girlfriend is Karan Johar
Bekar hero h bholi surt Dil k khote
Bollywood ka jony seen
They exploit their position

Overall, in every film in which a new heroine came, no one was left out 
Sun meri Baat It&#39;s His Choice 
Mc h

Hawas ka pujari

And everyone says to Baba that he himself has made Draupadi, as long as Sanima is in India, people keep distributing it.
This is the real hero 
This is the real hero 
No issue these heroines r also.not dhud ki dhuli deepika bhi maliya se leke yuraj singh and dunno.kitne , priyanka chopra z toh like 100 bili khake bili haaz ko chali so ol r sailing in same boat

Mannn this boy kill it️

Aliya ke baad koi date karne wale ready raho Aliya is also for short time Aliya and Ranbir is both time pass itemsBoth want more men and women so I doubt their genuiness

Dipika is the best Ranveer Kapoor made the biggest mistake of his life by fucking Dipika, he got depressed because he loved her the most, now he got a great boy from her, he will fuck Aliya too
Very worst fellow womaniser

JOB JOB.. CALL BOY..... JOB (License Department) kolkata, (India) WhatsApp no. 9899762060 Do playboy job in your city, have fun and earn 10000-15000 rupees/meeting and have sex with women from big houses in your area and earn money along with having fun. WhatsApp no. 9899762060 Do a left hand job in any city anywhere in India and earn Rs 15000-30000 by giving just 2 hours of service. Have sex and fun with housewives and girls. Answer all your questions. Terms and conditions:-(1 ) You have to pay a registration fee of Rs.100. (2) You will have to provide a photo and Aadhar card for your registration. If you want to do this then WhatsApp no. 9899762060,west bengal..Thanks.......!
JOB JOB.. CALL BOY..... JOB (License Department) kolkata, (India) WhatsApp no. 9899762060 Do playboy job in your city, have fun and earn 10000-15000 rupees/meeting and have sex with women from big houses in your area and earn money along with having fun. WhatsApp no. 9899762060 Do a left hand job in any city anywhere in India and earn Rs 15000-30000 by giving just 2 hours of service. Have sex and fun with housewives and girls. Answer all your questions. Terms and conditions:-(1 ) You have to pay a registration fee of Rs.100. (2) You will have to provide a photo and Aadhar card for your registration. If you want to do this then WhatsApp no. 9899762060,west bengal..Thanks.......!
JOB JOB.. CALL BOY..... JOB (License Department) kolkata, (India) WhatsApp no. 9899762060 Do playboy job in your city, have fun and earn 10000-15000 rupees/meeting and have sex with women from big houses in your area and earn money along with having fun. WhatsApp no. 9899762060
JOB JOB.. CALL BOY..... JOB (License Department) kolkata, (India) WhatsApp no. 9899762060 Do playboy job in your city, have fun and earn 10000-15000 rupees/meeting and have sex with women from big houses in your area and earn money along with having fun. WhatsApp no. 9899762060
JOB JOB.. CALL BOY..... JOB (License Department) kolkata, (India) WhatsApp no. 9899762060 Do playboy job in your city, have fun and earn 10000-15000 rupees/meeting and have sex with women from big houses in your area and earn money along with having fun. WhatsApp no. 9899762060
What a lucky guy 

 kamal hai

4700 years old shivling by Sadhguru.<a href=""> subscribe thank you share also

4700 years old shivling by Sadhguru.<a href=""> subscribe thank you share also

4700 years old shivling by Sadhguru.<a href=""> subscribe thank you share also

4700 years old shivling by Sadhguru.<a href=""> subscribe thank you share also

Motherfucker, that's why these people don't get dressed quickly.
It's a shame, Sala.
I think Ranbir Kapoor might be HIV positive and everyone should be protected from it.
Shakal se to bahut Bhopal Lagta heh

Before the movie, people had to follow logic for entertainment. I don't know much. Or those who curse Ranbir about the girls, I don't get them. Or do the girls know what kind of a girl they are loving to me. Or how many boyfriends Deepika has had. Usne v tho ka dil ka toda hoga.tum Indian log na sala chutiya he ho.kavi nahi sudroge main q dekhna movie kya dekh lagi to bol buri lagi tho v bol wo chaaye jitne girlfriend banaye tumlog ko kya.
Bakvas

Actor h politician nahi
Who Is Next..? 

Tell me one thing.. If we the public don't see the face of these bastard star people then it will happen.. Will your days not pass?? You earn by working all day long.. and you look at those people by spending your money.. and those bastard star people make fun of you by holding meetings in A/C room.. there is still time friends. Wake up public wake up 
Ranbir kapoor well done good keep it   to up lover  Boy   no problem take  it easy to  because it is   kapoor   Family Guy  it is a Season of love

This is the actor who couldn't even fulfill his father's last wish for his invention. What's the point of being successful when you can't make a good son?
Raees hai to aayeash hoga hi

Last time I married Mia Khalifa…..will do 
This is a family thing
This bastards are getting free publicity and media want entrainment.

Jiske sath v isne movie bnaya usko gf bnaa liya ???
Jo line gandi maraeb
Super. Ranbir

Stop this nonsense

This is his father and his father's father is all drunk.
If you have strength in your ass then do it. He has a personal life. He can do whatever he wants.
Here it seems, he is no more than a Gigolo
Chutiyaaaa to hai....

Ranbir ne kisiko nhi chora sabke sath kiya hain ranbir mother choth nain

Haramkhor is your wife who is having an affair with this actress.
11 gf wau

Bsde with gaya ranbir kapoooooor
Thumbnail with cousins. Disgusting

Jab se tujhe mila tere hone laga hu.....Ranbir yehi gana uski character ko highlights karte hai.However Shruti Hassan was best among all.

I started hating Star kids
What other work these ppl hv?

Such people can only log here because they are not serious about their own life and how will they keep the relationship.
Alia mahesh butt ki baiti h use to fuck mahesh or alia marwa daaleng shushant bhai ki trh 
Felt very nice.
Brother, you are the biggest idiot and you have to ditch it.
Asali hawas k pujari to bollywood me hai sare , bsdk

Mai to thak gya list dekhte dekhte

No one can stop Brahmastra from being a flop, even all starkids movies will flop now 
Bakwas movie actor

Now  no interest on this actor affair

Boys using girls, girls using boys are quite common in Bollywood , so no one complaining then its OK.

Y to meri trha h bc

Wat nonsense kareena kapoor is his sister

Faltu news nonsense
dog save dog
Everyone knows about Bollywood, madam.  Take so much interest in your relationship and tell me 
Ye to real hero nikla...

Yeh to sala kunwara he will die.
My friend has had more than 100 girlfriends, what a big thing this is. Loving someone does not mean that you will marry her.
Randibaaz

chutiya sala harami so lucky man,  I can&#39;t have that opportunity

Wo panch larkion ko date karay ya 11 ko .. thats his choice -by neha dhupia

I hate an idiot ranbir 

One day he regrets his deeds. That time no one will see his face. Cheating women is very big sin

HIV patient
BRAHMASTRA movie is going to be FLOOPASTRA

U fake

Playboy character loose boy.....
Alia me know size hi nahin.

No fatwa on majors!!!

Why these people are not behind bar? Ranbir played with many.

Jbtk 13vi ladki nhi ati jbtk 12vi rhegi
Bollywood me tharki hi bhare pade hnn

One fine day,he will be fooled

I think next will be Sara or Ananya
Both are the same, what difference does it make, how many boys have I dated?
Thoo

Are you all happy?
Yeska v sil or dil dono todhkey chala jayaga
If he is a playboy after dating 11 girls, then what is my bf?  she is 28 years old but she had 24-25 gfs before me.. Now let me be your judge, our relation has completed 5 years.
Ranbir ladies killer hai
He also found everyone
Sala chuteya haa
He 12th girl  he he he 

Who knows after Aliya??????
That's why these two seem useless to me.
I don't think at all that she is a stupid human being.
Majedar khub tarki kr rahe hai bolybood actor

alia is useless
Oh my God how many girlfriend 
Very lucky guy!! Sab ki chaat ke thook deta hai

Aaa, this road is not going well.
Till now I have not taken any movie because this car is the same and I have to play the role as well.
Deepkia sabse best thi but is langoor ko hajam nhi hu pyr bndar kya jaane adrak ka swad

Big boy ???
Barbie doll will also run away after seeing Ranbir.
Yes flirting doesn't spoil life. Ye bade log aur unka status
Yes, this is a very big dog. This is the life-spoil of girls.
I have told you to take this date..
These people present love very exaggeratedly on screen but in real life their love is a means of debauchery.
Ow ak number ki ghatia insan ha
I hate him
Ranbhir Kapoor is a Flop actor.. flop after Flop still he gets movie and Advertising.. but who is watching his movie..  Such a Waste

अचा लगा
kat-ranbir dated 8 years and you are say jayda din par nehi tika

I feel he is gay that’s why he keeps changing women!! He didn’t meet karan Johar yet??

Everyone is attracted to the devil
The girl in thumbnail?

I will not marry like Salman.
Alia deserve this chutiya

Watch Deepika's depression interview once <a href="">lo.tab</a> and you will understand what a player she is.
If you can't see the real news then please beat the heading...Fallu admin Sala Chuda Bol Ke L** Dekha Hai 
How bad was that year? Who will be worse than Alya?
My fav h ranbeer ..... Mast londa h

Ranbir kapoor &amp;Alia Bhatt 

Aliya looks like this to me
JEWELLERY OF THIS VIDEO ALSO SOLD AT <a href="">WWW.INSTAGRAM.COM/JEWELLERY.MUMBAI</a>
Good acktior
Saalla chimkandi
Ranbir to hai hi ek number ka randwa...who else agrees?

Thaaa

Tabhi ek ka baap es say nafrat karta tha.

Randwa insan hai yeh

Salman khan n thap kara h ise

Teri ku jaal rahi hai hu such a chacha actor hu wo
Aliya to bachi h iske samne.... Ye log bhi kitne pagl hoty h yr.... Bacho me bhi fark ni samjhte

Laudawood ......

Good very good, mera des mahan he.
Star Kids their duty is this only

Brother, he sucked everyone.
I don't want to get any movie because I don't even have an actress in it.
If the other bat tastes bad then it will be cut.
Brother sing bajakr radio todke. Naya lay he
And those who don't know how to act don't make fun of acting.
Jaisa bhi hai but actor outstanding hai

What is this girls' toy society?
Everyone has a home.
<a href="">#AlliRa</a>   ka pyar brahmastra  tak hain......

Chudu Ram kiska hoga alia sapne dekh hai,,,,,that his commitment with her life partner 
Biggest Ayyas, Bhatt family at number one, Khan family at number two, donkeys spreading agenda against Hindus.
Faltu videoNever to subscribe

Sala kamina hai

Friends, in today's time, love does not last forever, love has become a star of fashion. To friends, keep enjoying till the end of the day.
Randibaaazzzz hai bhosdiwala
Dusra salman h ye pura ayyash
Super

Everyone is a playboy until the real playboy arrive

Boycott should be done iskoo
From this we learned that if a girl just follows the normal society then she will go 11 miles and where there is human society then you will not even be considered a black bitch.
When girls be like I want A man like my fatherAlia

Mother fuck everything
Bc total 12...everything is done...Kamdev Kapoor
It means that the cost of any B is has been found.
Anuska bach gy
Aapt  pair Alia and Ranbir both flirts together. Ideal

Nepotism

Everything is a work of money, but there is no talent in it.
Same mery jesa he h lagy raho bro

I took all the cream to you.
He has dated more than Ranbir Kapoor. gandhi shakal ranbir kapoor. he is so ugly.
Flop

He will try to break Sanjay Dutt's record, maybe he feels that Sanjay has become a super star because of so many affairs.
Ranbir kapoor is so lucky..

In trouble
Ranbir K deserves Alia B cause both have cheap personality. He carries playboy personality and Alia B characterless

Ak number ka badmas
And which actress did she sing? In fact, she took everyone's name.
If he runs at this speed, it won't take long for him to get infected with AIDS.
Bollywood is a circle of swapping gal frens and boyfriend. All dumped bye one and takes by others. I don’t know how they face each other. Such a shame !!!! Really need to restore the reputation.

With whom is the next film coming?? Just Alia Bhatt's journey will end here
Lucceee Ranbir from 2008

What a fucking asshole he is...agar ye apni beti ke sath movie kare to us ki bhi le le....No doubt Alia is top 1 horny actress in female category ..dono chudakadon ki jodi achchi hai..Lol

He will push Aliya aside too.
Boosni ki khud ko b list me na Dal dena
date mtlb choda

Kamina hai.... Living room
Shame on this guy,his dick should be cut down..not all men&#39;s r like him

This drug addict Ranbir Kapoor is nonsense
Chal Bsdki

<a href="">

Chodne ka sahi tarika tha movie

Tanveer's mood is such that memories of 40 films and 50 different actresses will make everyone their girlfriend.
i l ranveer kapoor and my favourite actor all heroine ko Karde FAQ

What do you have to do with someone's life?
Pura kapoor khandan hi ayash hai
full enjoy bc
Idiot is gone
Sab bollyhood actor takrii h

Ranbir got mughal genes.

Is he even kissing any actors girl with whom he has no affair 
Heart must stay away from love
Nycccc
What kind of gossip is necessary?
Isne to sabka liya

Ranbir Kapoor ka apne sath sabhi ke sath physical relation raha hai. The most morally corrupt person of film industry.

Did Dipika tell this truth.. or is this a number one playboy, Aliya or this.. both of them are characterless but they will remain Jodi..
Useless news

Abe ye SB apni movie chalane liye liye affair hai movie hit dhandha Naya fit
This is his work... or where is he doing...
Gatiya human being
Ghatiya tatti kahika
Excellent
Bhad me jayaen a sab

In Hero, it is the Heroine's heart or the body's bosom, or the lady's hair. It seems that all the Bollywood people have panchod, betichod, or are bachod to give knowledge again and again.
This is how he has survived even with the dogs of the street... A poor son of a poor father.
Us me tum bhi samil thii

Boycott RK AND Alia
Bs yehi sab faltu bakwas sun ne k liye baithe h kya.

You can marry someone like Ranbeer Alia Bhatt, Sonam Kapoor, Sonakshi Sinha.
Young blood is here, it is not like Mahesh Bhatt who announces his dream of marrying his son. And he also falls in love with a girl of his daughter's age.. Then the young man makes money from Sushantji and murders other people by using his girlfriend.
Naughty boy

<a href="">

Randibaaz is the best
Kapur family is randibaj

Randa Ranvir
Sala bc hai

Iss Harami has fucked all the beautiful actresses.. Hows lucky..
Eh dunu iko je a kioke the world is my baap di sikhyia ek a
Very beautiful man
everyone played
Pagal banate hai

He knew the meaning of hero so that he would never do such a thing. Hero teaches the society good thoughts, knowledge and good deeds, he is not a real hero, he is a villain who wants to show reality to the society, he does even a little for money. All these Karona realized that being a hero behind the curtain does not make one a hero, wake up Hindustani.
Ranbeer v amazing jin jin actress ke kaam kaam kiya sbko gf ke hi choda or sath me gift of breakup v
Jhal dab

Tumhe bhi thukwana h kya RK se ??Ranbir is the bestVideo title sahi kr bsdk

This will be added in a few days
Ranbir kapoor playboy nehi kutta hai uska baap ka name sa popular hai
After a few days someone else will also say that he is moving.
Bhand bolywood boycott

Aaliya is a blind person who is dating him...
Ye apne grandfather ki tarah aiiyas hai

Ads will be packed like this
Will I marry Alia?
Hamare be koi gf bana jise koi girl jo mara gf bana haa to Muja msg kara 9561835050
danger play boy
They r just having fun,, shadi karenge kish aur se

Madherchod aise media ki wajah se log depression m jate h career barbad krne m inhi media ka v hath hota h

If this breaks up with Aliya then Mahesh Bhatt will kill him too.
Boycott Ranbeer..

Play boy

Aise aise to kutto se flim industry bhari padi hai...

𝑩𝒂𝒌𝒘𝒂𝒔....𝒍𝒆𝒂𝒔𝒕 𝒊𝒏𝒕𝒆𝒓𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒅
There is no oxygen control on the air 
Karina or karishma ko bhi nangi karke leta he

Felt very good
Bapre pure casinova
Who is left who hasn't fucked? What a wonderful experience brother has had...he will marry Aliya...such a wife must be there for Ayyash's children...I too will die in the spring or what will Aliya find out lol
No morals. Basically he is a womanizer!

It seems like a doubt since forever
I made a movie with this sub.. I love them... 
One no. Why do you like these logs?
Ranbir ji alla sunder nahi yer, atshi v nahi
But the time has passed for this
God: (Before birth) son, what is your husband's name Ranveer? Deepika: (After birth) mummy God said my husband's name is Ranveer. God: I have forgotten in my life that this girl and I have learned a lot from each other.
Har ladki ko apne baap jaise husband chahiye isliye Alia Bhatt ko Ranbir Kapoor pasand aaya hahaja

Dugla h ranber
A to Bahot Bada Chodooo hai Bhai.

Kutra

If Ranbir marries Aliya, he will end his life Rishi Kapoor does not like Aliya
I just hate them

Sisters k sath photo mat dalo
Brahmastr k release k baad hi Inka v breakup for sure

Next may be ananya panday or suhana khan or may be both god knows...
A hero he bhai

Aliya toh gaya
Bas 11.

Ranbir Kapoor Playboy nahin wo ek bimar janwer hai

Ghapa ghap... Yah to real life main p**n actor hai ..

The dying lark spoke in Bihari language.
Ranbir you deserve a better stunning talented actress. Wake up and go to the opticians. All your fans want to see you with a beautiful actress.

।
Are you Salman?
Kutte Kapoor's
Randa hi
Sonam Kapoor is the aunty of Bollywood 
<b>Esi koi actress ho jisne film ki ho or tapa tap na kiya ho</b>
to kya 100 filme krega to to 100 girlfriends hogi.   ohh ho.  jackpot

Sala farjiii
Who&#39;s that girl in photo

Chi Aliya I hate this actress

Ye tu pakka chuda raam h
iska baap gayyyyyoooo film band
This is how the real taste has come out
Despite of such odds I like him as a ACTOR , he gives perfect facial expression in his films much better than Ranveer and Varun

Sala sab ka sath kay or koy hai

Ghost of pussy
There is no shortage of stupid bitches and dogs here, money dominates, this is the cry of the rich.
He is a nice actor. Baaki to sbhi ka kuch na kuch chalta hi rhata h

Change his name into Randa kapoor

sanju film ma to ya bola hi tha gapa gap
..this is the work of film people!! Sing and play!!
Yeh to choduram

Boycott 
Both are desperate to fuck each other..

Thokumal ranbir 
He is fooling Alia also..
Waiting for the good news of breakup with Alia

Ajash nahi ji kanjer kaho
That's what we did, we don't want to give anything...Bs we want CBI investigation for Sushant.
Kangana treats him very well...this is what she has given..this time it doesn't look good after doing these things.
If you have finished this then drink it or drink it again.
It is true that the mother of these people is not of their age to give to their mother.
Reshi kapoor ka beta iss liye jante log flop h ye wase

Bht acha hua jo deepika ka breakup hogya ..nhi to rnvir jsa pati kse milta..she is so lucky aaj hr ldki Ranveer Singh jsa bf or pati chahti h not rnbir..uski to acting bhi khash nhi h kuch..Ranveer so talented macho personality ..

Chudu tha

Actress to saari kamini hoti hi h

Kanina hai saal
Alia ko to tuk tuk sorna saiye saliko shushanse naport hoon me
So cheap
Bakvas actor hai

He such a looser Nd character less

Smart boy

Even Amisha Patel was not stolen.
All of them are like this. Their relationships are also fake, these are also fake. Their love is just money and publicity.
I lv him

Total kitana bolo
I will not watch Aliya Bhatt&#39;s movie

What do you do like in these years?
Ranbeer kapoor vai yar ab to bass karo maivi tumara fan hu ab bass yar ho gaya ijatka sawal hey
What should we learn from this video?
1 december we celebrate world aids day

1 film ..1 affairs .....news wali pe bhi doubt he muze

I have done it with everyone.
Kon kon starkids ka hater hai ?

Brandi

Brother up/uk come sometime on hand
Free fund main Papa ke naam pe film miljata he struggle karna nehi padta to ladkibzi to karenge bekar time etna milta he star kids ko...
Han ranbeen kapoor aur mahesh batt ka koi muqabla nai 

What kind of love do these people have? They don't wait for anyone.. or they send slippers to anyone.
Thokega will steal after him
These two are hot
Ranbir nahe Randa kapoor bangaya woh...
Ranbir is really handsome ....girls genuinely fall in love with him though his past... Actually I think he searching for the best... Ranbir fan

flop hogi brahmastra
Piyakkaad hai ye banda
This person should live in GP road of Delhi...
I hate him
Ranbir you are completely crazy. Itana loved Abi Pocket dog for a long time by sucking beautiful puppies. Ha ha ha you. Alia is just like Pocket dog.
Kartik aryaan will be the next playboy of the Bollywood

Yeah the video is a total backwash and one thing to be said is that no one in Bollywood can act like Ranbeer Kapoor.
Well, an actor's acting is more important than his personal life.
You will never see the list of Sanjay Dutt and Salman Khan's girlfriend because the media also talks about him and poor Ranbeer doesn't tell anyone much, that's why these people keep badnaming his name.
People are more interested in intruding into his personal life than his films.
Aap Aisha any actor tell me if you have had an affair with any actors.
These media people keep making everyone's images worse.
Ranbir is a dog

Aliya Kuttiya Kuttiya Kuttiya Kuttiya Kuttiya Kuttiya Kuttiya Kuttiya Kuttiya Kuttiya Kuttiya Harrami Gandu.
He will leave alia soon,phir koi Nahi mil jaygi ise

madam apne to Anushka Sharma ka nam nahi  liya.

Ya bhi brk up hona vala h

Very bad video
Sanju Baba 350 gf....Just find out who is the lover...
Katrina B is hot..???
this film will not play at all
Its not that he was dating these girls !! the girls were dating him, used him,  and threw him in trash once they get over with him..he is someone that every girls can play with and satisfy themselves..media might present him as casonova, but in real he is jst a toy-boy for every hungry women..he doesn&#39;t have his price, he is the cheapest playboy available for everyone and for free..

Exactly like Akshay Kumar
What did you see?
Yasa kuta kamine 1nbr ka kanchos is the most badass game or you have made a mad mistake here, don't make any mistake where you are hurting me if you are my friend ranbir kapor my fut sala kura kanchos kamine ranbir kapor
This is the biggest mistake that Aaliya has committed
SAANJU CARTE 2 SANJU BAN GYA BHOSDIKA EK DIN ADS HO JAYEGA MADARCHORD KO
Alia will also become X soon...
Madarchor is expert in fucking cows, how many cows he would have fucked.
Eligible bachelor???? Really????  Who  wnts  a playboy  as a husbnd...  No he is a bad choice

Ek or pagli list mein add ho gayi, or yeh to criminal back ground family se phi hai.

Super characterless ranbir.inspired by sanjay dutt

RANDIBAAZ...sab paisa ka kamra hai
Luck is expert to donkey v wrestler
Whose name is this Jew?
Bad father's big son
Kutta TB b axcha hota inse to
Ranbhir kapoor and affair no 499... To be continued..

L

Totally fake

Who else is left?
Katrinakaif is best for ranbir kapoor

Apni mom n sis ka dhyan rakhna toh banta hai. Yeh Bhatts toh kisi ko bhoo mental etc bana dete hain.

Bhai aalo batata you are his 12th GF and baby you really think that he&#39;s going to marry you wake up bebe... And if he marries you still your marriage won&#39;t be happily married ever after...... This guy will ruin your life along with his boyfriend Aayan mukherjee <a href="">#director</a> <a href="">#peace</a>

Brother, if you meet someone, you will be killed.
Ranbir seems gay Jessa has not seen his film
Kitni negativity felaoge kuch to sarm karo

Wah wah shabaass.....carry on man......
This is what we want to see now, please show us
Bhai Bhai issne to sabhi ki li hui hai 

Ranbir Kapoor will regret not marrying Alia Bhatt
Sushant Ko Kareena said womanizer, now it seems that Kareena is the name of a play boy who has been using these 11 larkiyos. Please Boycott Brahmastra, he is also working for himself.
Ranbir Kapoor...one of the worst...chip... useless actor....just bcz of khandan....he got chance for movie... Again nepotism....No more Star kids pls...no more Ranbir Kapoor plsss...

Alia is making her father proud with Ranbir, btw she is Mahesh Bhatt's daughter.
I don’t know who started calling them stars , ye salay nautanki walay hai . Fake people no real life.

Cool. One can li e as o e desire
Khanker Chala r dhon kete da
These Madarcho Randibaaz children are given gallantry awards like Padma Vibhusan and they don't even know whose children they are..they will become inspiration for future people...
I am working hard keep it
Harami ki aulad play girl
Sala Ghandu

Alia se bhi break up ho jayega.

This is Salman's father.
Wow....... Experienced*<b>*</b> Banda hei
Everything happens in Bollywood and there is no one like it.
There is no work in the film industry without love.
It&#39;s  his choice 
Affair for promotion
He fc.ked alia

They are talking only to make the film a hit...our affair is going on...there is a break up after the release of the film...everyone is playing a game.
Isko playboy nahi tharki kehte hai and ye ek bimari hai

I  hate  ranvir
Alia didn&#39;t leave ranbir mark my words

Amisha
Boycott movie
He is steping in to Sanjay Dutt&#39;s shoes...

Ranbir Kapoor is the son of Basharam and has stolen everyone's life...
There is a lot of road ahead of me
Most magibaaz
Awara h y or kuch nhi aliya ko bhi thode din m side fek dega y esa hi h y commited to deepika k sth bhi tha

<a href="">#RIPSushnt</a>! Bollywood walo salo sunlo jara
Is this useless or does Aliya use such hero heroines, she is born to defame her mother.
But abhi nhi chalegi bhai teri movies boycott of ur movies
