its breaking ourlaws, fuck off back.

Western hegemony(capitalist) you are going to pay for what we(global-south) are going through.

God bless the white man

I love you guys for the great job you are doing ❤

The false promise of better life is killing many people. They must be rescued and the rescue ships must return to Africa so the people are not motivated by false hopes

I will never forget that day hmmmmmmm😢😢

Who is funding these rescue boats ??? Wef

Long live my country Kenya 🇰🇪 even with the high  cost of living and not enough jobs ,a Kenyan will not go into this extremes.God bless Mama Kenya 🇰🇪 Proudly Kenyan 🇰🇪Medical Sans Frontiers you are doing a good job  God bless youAfricans lets embrace our Mama Africa its only us who can make it a better place.

respect to the team

africa..........no one is coming to save us. we have to do it ourselves the hustle is to real

Better europe must close boarder..these african create crime all over..

Reality majority of white nations don&#39;t want them in their nation and their voices are not heard by govt a time will come when a govt will hear the complaint I fear the consequences.  Forgive them for they know not what they do

I think the smell are very strong 😅

I have a new found disgust for Libya. They are despicable and  showed their true colours as soon as Muammar Gaddafi was murdered and could no longer keep them in line and civilised.

So sad those young men had to leave their precious  families to go places like Germany and  Europe.

Why do they not just rescue them and take them back to Africa?

Mdrr

Thanks you so much God bless you

<a href="">7:12</a> that normal that happens to everybody they get tortured abotart. Libia treat them like slavers or animals

French football needs you
These are NOT refugees , they are illegal immigrants , and they will find nothing in the EU seeing the millions of unemployed EU citizens. They should fight for their country and their rights , not expect others to house and feed them

The Gambia 🇬🇲 password

The music at the end was sooooo touching and moving. Thank you for your humanity

u know what&#39;s crazy most of them do all  this only to get sent RIGHT BACK

Llklklklklklklklklklklkkkllklklkkluklklklkklklukklklklklklklklklklk(llklklklk(lllklklkkkllk(llklklklk(llkkkl(llklk(llklk(kllk(llk(llklkkklu(kllk(l(kl(llkkkllkklklklklkklklklklklkk(l(llklklklklklklklklkklklklklklklklklklklklklklkl lklklkklukkk(llklk(llklklklklklk(l(l((llk(l(l(llklk(llklklklklklkkluklklklklklklklliklulkklkllklklklklkklklklklklklkl ((l(lk((l(lk(l(llk(llk((l(l((l(l((ll(llklk(llkkkllklk((l
Llklklklklklklklklklklkkkllklklkkluklklklkklklukklklklklklklklklklk(llklklklk(lllklklkkkllk(llklklklk(llkkkl(llklk(llklk(kllk(llk(llklkkklu(kllk(l(kl(llkkkllkklklklklkklklklklklkk(l(llklklklklklklklklkklklklklklklklklklklklklklkl lklklkklukkk(llklk(llklklklklklk(l(l((llk(l(l(llklk(llklklklklklkkluklklklklklklklliklulkklkllklklklklkklklklklklklkl ((l(lk((l(lk(l(llk(llk((l(l((l(l((ll(llklk(llkkkllklk((l
Llklklklklklklklklklklkkkllklklkkluklklklkklklukklklklklklklklklklk(llklklklk(lllklklkkkllk(llklklklk(llkkkl(llklk(llklk(kllk(llk(llklkkklu(kllk(l(kl(llkkkllkklklklklkklklklklklkk(l(llklklklklklklklklkklklklklklklklklklklklklklkl lklklkklukkk(llklk(llklklklklklk(l(l((llk(l(l(llklk(llklklklklklkkluklklklklklklklliklulkklkllklklklklkklklklklklklkl ((l(lk((l(lk(l(llk(llk((l(l((l(l((ll(llklk(llkkkllklk((l
Llklklklklklklklklklklkkkllklklkkluklklklkklklukklklklklklklklklklk(llklklklk(lllklklkkkllk(llklklklk(llkkkl(llklk(llklk(kllk(llk(llklkkklu(kllk(l(kl(llkkkllkklklklklkklklklklklkk(l(llklklklklklklklklkklklklklklklklklklklklklklkl lklklkklukkk(llklk(llklklklklklk(l(l((llk(l(l(llklk(llklklklklklkkluklklklklklklklliklulkklkllklklklklkklklklklklklkl ((l(lk((l(lk(l(llk(llk((l(l((l(l((ll(llklk(llkkkllklk((l
I have never forget this

ALL ABLE BODY....YOUNG.  MEN🤦🤦👎
I think there should be a standard law enforcement on this maltreatment honestly.

Thankyou for serving humanity you serve God  mY God bless u🙏

Thank God that there are still good people in the world today inspite of what is going on. May God blessed those heads of government in those countries who have rescued those refugees. To God be the glory great things he hath done.

Whay whay whay are you leaving. Why are you suffering why why why

Great job peoples for saveing them .my face is full of tears.god bless you guys in jesus name.

I accuse you of ruining the future of my children and grandchildren. I accuse you of colonizing the European continent. I accuse you of having put the European Union in debt. I accuse you of rejecting the ideas of the founding fathers. I accuse you of hijacking the future of the peoples of 39;Europe.I blame you for the truths you have silenced and for your lies to the truth.I blame you because you are not in favor of peace, but of the pursuit of peace. a meaningless war. You have failed as politicians, leaders and people. Cover yourselves until they are free to leave because the time will come when they will have no choice .Never forget: Vox populi, vox Dei! The word of the people, the word of God, even if you no longer believe in God!
Time to make Haiti great again.

Thank you so much for your work god we bless you

You help the people of Bangladesh a lot, may God bless you
Thank God for you
Ye

2022 and they&#39;re STILL coming.!!!

I&#39;m cured from 5 years herpes simplex virus after I order treatment from doctor Alued on YouTube  herpes free 🙄💃💃❤

Germany country onek bhalo Amit Germany football federation ke Germany manush Jodi Amar Bangladeshi manushya ke receive Karen pehle apne dil ki hone ko ne dona apna der Mon hone Sundar hone boro sajan sajan Mane to saktisali desh yah to aur toyohar German bisque Salam January Amar ek din 81 German country Jabo Ami Bangladeshi Puri aisiJo Diya Marathi quotes on one day Holi is celebrated in German country Gori Bangladeshi Pakad's best wishes for his country
BBC,stop forcing Africans on white people

This is modern day slaveryWe carry ourselves to Europe to work Sad sad sad

God bless white people 🙏 for always rescuing their african brothers.

Where&#39;s my check, housing my phone, car and my Medical ...Where, Where I am a Refugees I expect now..

There is a reason why God made the borders and each country and separated them from each other. As much as you want to help them all ,we can’t help them . You simply can’t bring whole Africa to europe

God bless  them

God bless whit man?

F### NEWS - Please no more videos about refugees campaign... We are dealing with world population growth that is out of control - mexico, middle east, indonesia etc. Maybe a video on how to deal with population growth because there is a correlation between overpopulation, bad education, no healthcare and the status a large family gives to poor people. There is also a correlation to crime, conflict and unemployment. Refugee stories and many become illegal wanderers is a cliché that viewers are increasingly tired of... please what is the answer showing food handouts videos isnt helping anyone.

Europe should stop helping and receiving them and they wont come !!!! We complain and we still receive them

Poor Recording lousy editing
Thanks goodness 👍
the sense has been twisted, just looking at their eyes

They have a right to seek asylum in countries when their country or state is failing. These men do not make the decision to take a trip across the open sea in a inflatable because they have time. They have no other choice. We privileged America’s could never understand the conflict if these nations that we often create. This doesn’t make me angry at anyone other than our governments that make this the only way .

NGO`s are Illegal Importers of people which the don`t now about. It is a criminal act not human act.  They create a lot of probems to no NGO`s.

While the so called Conservatives were fast asleep the Marxists found there was no one minding the store or the borders and now we are hurtling headlong towards the dystopia described in the book 2030: Your Children&#39;s Future in Islamic Britain. Remember that the accusation of &quot;racism&quot; is the same as the accusation of &quot;Tsarist&quot; used by the Bolsheviks. The Left&#39;s thugs know they have nothing to fear every time they see footballers taking the knee before a premier league game egged on by the BBC, the police, the Home Office and every state school and university.

This in reality is Black Lives Matter.

EUROPE DOES NOT HAVE SO MUCH LAND AVAILABLE FOR SO MANY EMIGRANTS
Brazil, being a tropical country, would be much easier.
Brazil has many lands due to harvesting our African brothers..
Well done guys, the French football team needs you.

Western world should take necessary steps to improve living conditions in Africa, but I am really appreciate their great human behaviour

thanks for everything

The Almighty God bless you abandonedly.  Thank you so so much for helping others.  Good job.  When I see this kind of video I cry....... I don&#39;t know why?........ I fell the their pain into my hearts. Once again thank you so much for the good work.

These NGO’s should save these people from their own stupidity and escort them back to Africa.  This will discourage future cohorts from making this dangerous journey.

Refugees from? no work?

For &#39;refugee rescue&#39; read &#39;human traffickers&#39;.

Videos and videos of whites always taking care of browns/blacks.... If you disagree send me links please...    Extinction of the white race.  Why don&#39;t they go to other African countries?

<a href="">11:45</a> &quot;We&#39;re going back to recover people like you&quot;So, tell your neighbors, friends, and family back home when you get a chance.I wonder how many true refugees that don&#39;t have money to pay the smugglers get left behind, and what if... the ones being &quot;rescued&quot; are not the ones that really need it the most?

MSF seem to be traffickers.

Africans arent you embarassed seeing millions of your people desperately fleeing your motherland.

Case study activated  worldwide

Each government in EUROPE pays over 10 million usd to operate their rescue per month. How to solve this?

Weres all the engineers, nurses and doctors. These all look like NHS, Benefit scroungers

Saving human lives is the moral thing to do I don&#39;t care what Europeans say they need to stop living in the dark ages .

Research Barbara Spectre , George Soros and IsraAID all funded by the Zionist state of Israel , ask why Israel does not take them but funds all theses boats to flood Europe with unwanted migrants ? , research the greater Israel project , open borders for Israel !!!!!!

They are not refugees , and you are not a news reporter , you are a lying piece of shit , when the truth comes out and it will , I hope they deport you to live with all your new friends  , !!!!!!

Thank you 🌏✌❤
This is so sad 😭 matarr 🤭😰😰
Ngo👎👎👎👎Salvini👍👍👍👍👍👍
Big up to you The Rescue team may Allah bless you abundantly for dat good heart and mind

AFRICA HAS OVER 50 COUNTRIES,  SO WHY EUROPE?

Go Back To Africa!The British Government is stealing the tax money from hard working whites and paying for vaccinations in Africa.   Africa will be extremely over-populated thanks to the humanitarian aid of the white man,  and millions and millions and millions of blacks will be migrating to Europe.SO SAY NOOOOOO   TO WHITE GUILT VIDEOS!

this is totally fucked throw them suicide vests instead of life jackets.

This reminds of the 2nd world war when Europeans were refugees and fleeing in all directions. It is not enough to accept refugees into your country, you must provide housing and jobs, or else you pay the price in the long run. The world today is in a terrible state. There is plenty of money and food in the world but it is not divided fairly. There should be a more concerted effort made to get these failing countries up to a decent standard so these refugees do not have to leave their families. Hope it goes well for them all.

I appreciate for the good work you are doing well to save our people but for me if I will never have a chance to fly to Europe then better to die in Africa rather than going to die in desert or in the sea or being foreigner in Europe I will never

I’m from the Phillipines rhank you so much for helping fellow human beings God Bless You

human smugglers

I wonder how many get to stay in Europe

Hey,  BBC,  why do you want to replace the British White People with Africans?

I pray there&#39;s no Ebola on are way.

Oh my god ! When I see some comments I see devil behind them... How can you see this video and say &quot;They should stay in their contries&quot; You are all idiots ! They lived war, they lived humiliations, rapes and much more than you can imagine... And you are here to only think about your confort, your poor little life of shit.... If Europe were like Syria you were like this people so shut up

illegals, plain and simple, its not rescuing, its invasion, and ngos, bs,fuck, bbc

THESE PEOPLE THAT ARE HELPING THE REFUGEES ARE ANGELS

Everyone of them admits they are not Refugees.

Where can I donate to this cause ?

HOW DID THEY GET A BOAT ?  LOOKS LIKE A TRAP SO THEY CAN GET OUT OF AFRICA TO OTHER COUNTRIES ! !  THAN WHEN THEY ARE RESCUED THEY TRY TO TAKE CONTROL OF THE COUNTRY .
May lord bless you for your help

i&#39;m in tears .

It&#39;s sad that you guys don&#39;t have the understanding, there is amazing people on them boats, you don&#39;t know what it&#39;s like to be them, to aspire and dream of only Coming here, for dignity and full filling thier dreams, its an arrogant comment. I hope they all make it happily and healthily. God bless them all 💓

❤️❤️❤️ Aconyadi so happy for you all, Hope you all make it here safe inshalla 💓Adiata.
SO SAD , MY PRAYERS ARE WITH THEM ALL

in one video they must have cut it they fought with the savior&#39;s for not letting them wash there new mats cloths new shoes giving them food telling them it&#39;s only for drinking multiple times after they saved 1600 the boat could only hold for 400 people what kind of people are they the black axe

Are the solving and saving life or are they creating a future problems and victims? 🙄🤔🤨😐But ofcourse its an issue that liberals dont want to discuss in dept 🤐.

what a load of horse shit this is.... I feel sorry for them too, but theirs about 2 billion poor people that would love to emigrate to europe…how many are we supposed to take in ? half a billion? A billion? All 2 billion ? what’s the limit? And what happens when you reach the limit and they still keep coming in ?

They go look for these &quot;refugees&quot;. A free ferry to Europe. Sink this ship. NEVER donate to Msf !!!

White people always complains about black people coming into Europe, fam there&#39;s a big reason behind it. White people goes to Africa to steal our things, such as diamonds, sugar, salt, gold, iron, cobalt, uranium, copper, bauxite, silver, petroleum and cocoa beans. All the technologies ☎️  📞 📱  💻  are now existed because of Africa. There&#39;s only one way for us black people to stop coming into Europe, white people needs to leave Africa alone and we&#39;d leave Europe alone too, And never come to any country in Africa. then we’d see how Africa is gonna be after 25 years. Europeans will be so shock.

I can’t believe all these horrible comments who would really wears their life in the middle of the fuckino sea just cuz are you kidding me

the presenter is so touchy  🤨

bubba gump shrimp company coming to a town near you in europe soon.......

I had cried when seeing this video clip, when the world will be safe to people?

This is so sad what these people have to go through that makes them want to risk their lives like this.  Unfortunately, there are others who are migrating to other countries the right way: legally.  They should be entering before those who decide to try and get through the back door by entering illegally.   It&#39;s just not fair.  I don&#39;t wish any ill-will towards those people but the fair thing to do would be for them to be deported back to their country.  Unfortunately that will be at the expense of the tax payer, which also isn&#39;t fair.

Rescue ships are part of the smuggling plan. Its not fair to Europe.They are taking advantage of western culture.

Good for the country ...use these resources for construction

Thank you for documenting this. I&#39;m glad the people and Babys, kids too Mothers and Father&#39;s but if the people didn&#39;t make it I&#39;m sorry :( heartbroken....for the loss of the loves ones... :(.. )

250,000 at 20,000 how depressing these numbers for the whole world to know who does nothing until what turns out. I wish i have a big cruise to deport those people outside Libyan territory hope to end the chaos to that country!

Nice to hear that keep up the good work coast guards

The BBC is an enemy of the white race.   Vice News is an enemy of the white race.   France 24 is an enemy of the white race.   They are trying to destroy our Race,  Culture,  History and Christian Identity with mass,  3rd world immigration that hates white people.   This will eventually end in a Civil War,  and there will be No Turning Back.   If you were to tell young Italian men that you will pay them 10 times the amount of money if they would leave Italy and go on welfare in Africa,  the boats would be headed the other direction.  These young Italian men would also tell you that they are fleeing violence are persecution from the Mafia (hehe)  in Italy.

...SHOW YOU CARE ...MINE THE SEA.

MSF are the true traffickers, take them back

White People need a passport to visit Europe,  blacks just need being black!~

We need more refugees in Germany. More!

george sorros has this down to a science. he pays these huge boats to sit just off shore from lybia. remember the e.u. pays the lybia coast guard millions to stop these people from leaving. sorros has his boats communicate with the smugglers to know when their boats are coming. once the little boat see&#39;s the big boat they call for help knowing the sorros boat will respond. sorros picks up the illegals and heads for europe. the africans get a free ride to welfare heaven and sorros knows his africans will destroy the e.u. which is his goal.

Good by Europe.  I will miss you.  RIP

Why didn&#39;t you you them back way out to sea towards Africa

Yeah, Italy is going to wipe that smile right off their faces.

THIS IS THE REASON WHY, EUROPE AND AMERICA HAVE AN IMMIGRANT PROBLEM.Click below to see the article. Thanks.<a href="">

worm collection!
No one would have any real problem helping these people if they’d only assimilate then they get to Europe. But they DON’T. Instead they often bunch together and fail to assimilate. It doesn’t help that many are Islamic so even the idea of assimilating into a Christian culture is almost unthinkable to them. I’m sorry but they just don’t fit Europe. And most are economic ”migrants” not actual refugees.

THANK THE LORD FOR THESE BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE THAT ARE RESCUING THOUSANDS OF BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE., MY HEART OH GOD MY HEART.

So when someone enters my house without an invite I&#39;m supposed to take them in without knowing them?

The problem is, that when word gets back that all they have to do is get on a raft and someone will pick them up in a few hours, everyone that is poor is going to try it. Not just political or religious refugees but everyone because all these countries are poor. Then they will drain the social system of wealthier countries.

Msf is a charity when they get there perfect lives with money and jobs I wonder if they will donate anything to msf , they wont they go back to their countries of origin and build houses and buy cars they are just selfish greedy they are economic migrants not refugees

I can’t forget that day oh thanks 🙏 my god

This reminds me of my coming to Europe.all thank to the restau

Where is the rogue Russian sub when you need one ?

Ram them instead of picking them up!

They are picking them up to save their lives not to help these people steal jobs and ruin Europe . So stop hating u pieces of shit

I love MSF gud bless you team MSF

im cry when i saw this vedio i want to fuck those country who say we are muslim look nd learn from non muslim how they help to muslim person...God give rward against help we are in love nd lot of pray for those person nd country who help them...fucking all muslim country...bastec

These are not Muslim the women are uncovered.

yes yesss weri coog

My god they are all kids and the bbc wasting license fee money on this shit

Western BITCHES, there was no need to bomb, they left countries under ruins, now look for the extreme ones
This is so sad,  I wish all of Africa was as advanced as Europe n the USA.

this little help means a lot to those Africans , very nice an noble act by these wonderful Rescue team ( Dignity )it means that there is still humanity in us as people , it about time to come together away from this madness racismthank you so much for opening my eye to this , i thought i had a bigger problems  but after watching this i am a blessed to be where i am and i shouldn&#39;t take it for granted  , as long as i live i wont forget this wonderful clipGod Bless you all ( Dignity )

<a href="">7:44</a>&quot;Did you think you were going to die?&quot;&quot;Yeah why not&quot;

why u people don&#39;t like black
Letting in the 3RD world in to Europe only makes Europe part of the 3RD world

thank you for documenting the amazing work and efforts being carried out in helping

shame on you for rescuing

Machinegun the cunts job done

Okay so, jobs in Africa are not good i get that. Jobs in Europe and especially in Eastern Europe are extremely terrible right now. You leave your country which is safe ( i mean for the economical refugees ) without any papers,any place to stay,any prospective off doing something and you expect to get there and just live your life like you see in the movies? You are not equally qualified as the European people and that is because these people are born and trained in a European type system all their lifes so in my opinion you will need several years to adapt in these circumstances which the Country of your decission will spent a lot of money into making you another citizen and just put you in the shelf like all the others...what&#39;s the point? Europe has a lot of issues right now so i think we should stop the invasion of foreigners and take only as much immigrants as we can support.I think that&#39;s a fair deal because it&#39;s our countries and we need to look first for the local people and then for the foreigners.

I love people today.Granted, lots of places are still messed up, like North Korea. But it&#39;s amazing how far human beings have come. Fifty years ago, we probably would&#39;ve made immigrants turn around and go back to their country. Now, we welcome them with food, shelter, and open arms. It&#39;s truly amazing.

good

i was literally in tears when i saw the images of the poor refugee boy drowned on the beach. this is the 21st century borders are outdated and only cause suffering for the poor and desperate, i say we should just let them all in. i think it should be mandatory by the government if you have any spare rooms they should be given to syrian refugees. refugees should also be given priority in housing lists over local people because their need is greater than ours.

That&#39;s part of their plan, to be rescued,most of the time they will capsize their boat deliberately. They know how to pkay the game.

This must be the first time in history a people has actually provided a ferry service for those invading their homelands
