Waheguru Ji 
Priyanka belongs to punjabi family why can&#39;t she speaks punjabi.

Priyanka is such a faking man.. she is doing things like this.. she is arrogant.. no one knows everything is temporary...chopra hatada apne naam se agar punjabi nahi ati fite muh priyanka look at parineeti she is so punjabi. Faker kahiki..
Dont see or hear of other groups doing this since the 15th century

I feel diljit just needed to remind priyanka That punjabi sikhs have this embedded in their up bring It called seva.One example free langhar which often feeds poor and homeless across the worldEspecially India!

Dashwand kadna chahida sariya nu100%️ 
So good

How respectful she is...

This lady is not a Punjabi but comes from an English family.
Diljit rock

I am diljit dosanjh appreciater
Here for Dosanjh saab only
I felt very stupid.
He is so genuine and real person

What a chemistry They shud do a film together

Love  both of u

Karte hai hai but sahi platform nahi mita hai, liye jate hai
Legend of tusi Khalsa ji

Konse foundation hai kaise contact kara.please batya

I like how honest he is

U both of my stars guys

A real democratic government has not yet been formed which can do the work of the people. This is the condition of our country after 75 years of independence.
Heera hai dijit bai punjab da
Diljit paji is such a genuine personality

That&#39;s the difference, priyanka is noticing all negative people and diljit is notocing all positive people. Just listen, diljit is not asking or saying who are not doing good. But priyanka is just talking about who is not doing good

in your income give 5 percent or 10 percent to donation is best idea

Proud of you diljeet paaji. . . Every Punjabi admires you
Daljit is so down to earth person he sees good in everyone. that&#39;s why he kept saying k sab dusro ki help krne ki kossih krte a

Brother, show Diljit also, yes why are you focusing on the showoff girl?
Two down to earth personalities ️

<a href="">3:07</a>

Hy

U r a good human being Diljit

Diljit sir is amazing

Love how he is so authentic .

Is Diljit's interview or Priyanka's?
Pc let him talk 
Priyanka ji your question. It is quite genuine or related, I have also helped a lot from my side, but I am getting more and more such people who are directly telling me that they are doing nothing, what have I got, these people are trying to kill me, this is To clean up the garbage of the society, they are saved, to what we have done to them, no matter how bad it is, when I hear it, I have to get out of my car or take 6-7 rounds of all the children in my car. Or when I came back I asked her if she would like to book a taxi with me.


Punjab and Sher
Diljeet looks very straightforward and simple. Few people can overshadow PC and he looks like one.

end bnda yrr diljit love u bro 
Daljit Dosanjh ️
Whoever named 'Dil Jit Dusanjh' is absolutely right for Sardar because only those who make hearts win, be it with their songs or with their cute smile  
Sadi jaan diljit dosanjh
Diljit is so sweet

Diljit att

num one

Bollywood wale niga rkn sardar te mumbai to 

Diljitt️
Only person who don&#39;t feel ashamed and uncomfortable to speak in own language whether it&#39;s hindi or punjabi better than English...that&#39;s called a true cultural lover...

Respect for this manPlay a huge role in farmers protest and also showed dare to slap KANGNA “THE BITCH”

priyanka wefkof
Diljit Prinka's interview has been released.
Both don&#39;t live in India No disrespect for bhaaji 
Nice

God bless them both.

Diljit pajji layi always respect 


waheguru ji waheguru ji mahar ji ki sarbat ji karan ji sarbat ji mahar ji karan ji mahar ji karan ji sarbat ta ji karan ji sarbat ta ji
English is not compulsory for being a star, respect for Daljit

Bibi didn't say ditta...
Great Paji
Diljit bro super
That's what impressed me so much was that I spoke clearly in my English language.
Tell madam what did you do?
Straight simple man Diljit Dusanjh Vir
Sat Sri akal 

Priyanka mam has big heart

Priyanka should also make Diljit speak...
Dljit was so humble but priyanka was so over energetic

Diljit pajji TUC Ty great o️
She doesn’t even let him speak enough and keeps cutting him She spoke like 90% of the time

I love the humble guy 

4 diljeet

Damn he not feet to be someone... I guest he is foolish... I didn&#39;t even understand what was the question... And replayng neusry sheet...

Janab Punjabi bolo
diljit dosanjh aap ko mai bta du k koi bhi chota nhi hota or na kbhi hoga.. jyse aap aap inne bre actor ho fir bhi aap aysa kyu sochte h k aap bht chote h.... hm to ye bolenge aap bht bare insan h bcz  kuch log h jo dil k saaf hote h or har chiz accha hota h hm unke fans h jruri nhi surat accha ho pr wo aap ka h lekin hm bta de sirf surat hi nhi sirat bhi dekha jata h lekin aap k ander to dono h or dono chiz hone k bawazud aap agr bole k aap bht chote h to hm ye kbhi believe hi nhi krenge... by the way you are really so sweet and cute...

PC is a shit presenter/interviewer

What a guy.. love from pakistan 🇵🇰

Heera Banda Diljit Dosanjh 
<a href="">0:28</a> What is the expression brother?
Diljeet best
Love you Diljit very good

Who noticed how she rolled her eyes as soon a diljit came and sat

Diljit nd priyanka waooo i mean two respective people respect from pakistan we love u

Diljit is very gentle very very nice person lub juuuuuu diljit god bless u olvays
Daljit is the glory of Punjabis. Jatta Kurta Pajama 
Love you diljit️️
This is called Greater purpose of life!

Well said, when we relate the story, we will start talking quickly.
Bache ko puch lona school jana hai ke nhi ek baar....

Wahh

If simplicity had a face :Diljit paajiLove you paaji️

What is this small society?
Meanwhile Kapil: English teri maa ki chut???
Sister's daughter-in-law gets asthmatic at the time of Diwali.
I like Diljeet. I do not like Priyanka

This PC has intruded on my story.
Omg Priyanka let him talk, please reflect on this interview

Sardar with a heart of gold

Respect for diljit wo ye nhi manty k log madad krna nahi chahty bas kabhi kabhi kar nhi patay very positive thinking

we love u diljittttttt
I love this man

We only help God.
️️ BOTH R BEST
Who is here after Kangna pagal

DiljitDosanjh ️
Pri pri pri... ruk ja ruk ja... usko bhi mauka de do- for a change aaj hum interview le rahe hain:):pThe professor syndrome..heheU were both cute though

Priyanka ji good heroin
watching after dijit vs kangana....iss aadmi ke liye bohot izzat badh gyi yaar....Punjabi's are great as always....
diljit dosanjh zindawad
Honesty is the best policy, i like the way he said truly “I’m not good in English please let’s talk in Hindi or Punjabi” both ️️

Priyanka please be a little diplomatic, no need to get aggressive to drive home a point and not everyone can agree with us. Diljit was still very calm and gentlemanly.

wow

Kithe a tu bai  kisan bill te

2.24 Diljit Paji understood that he did not live again.
This man is so humble....I just love and respect Diljit paji️

Paaji is as he is, as is his name <a href="">#Diljeet</a>  
Diljit Dosanjh ️️️
So much respect and so much love for u diljit sir .Your last words of this interview captured my heart.

..

Who is watching in 2020

Why yr kya bhanda hai sida he bolta english weak a simple human love u sir...
Priyanka you are talking too much, shame on you. Do something for needies.

60 crore people sleep hangry every night in India 🇮🇳 fake world power India

Awww he olways have to tell everyone dat he doesn&#39;t know English.....bt uh are proud Punjabi bai jii 

So down to earth person He is such a big star and does&#39;nt feel shame to accept that is does&#39;nt know english

Love to see u bothe together mza aa gya

Nyc

He s very humble and Priyanka ek aisi ladhki h aap samne jaoge toh aap free mehsus karoge she makes u comfortable..

How many heroines are there like drugs?
Whose here after goat

Salute to sardars
I don't want to do anything to my religion, make your work my religion.
Down to earth

You are true gem Diljit paaji 
Secrets of Priyanka Chopra

Diljit apna punjabi rock
A Sikh is suppose to donate 10 percent of his income with poor ,, that’s y u c money never finish in gurudwara all over the world ,, Laxmi dassi guru ram dass Dhan ho

And bitch says she is punjabi ,, she’s from Ambala I hope that’s not in south India Love Diljit Canada punjabi fan

yaar bot vdia bhaji ne sida keh dita muje english ni aati ..well done sir .bot vdia lga
The best thing is to educate them

Pc jase log charity kholte hain apna tax bachaney ke liye

Love to see them together... I am a admirer of both of them.

Priyanka invited Diljit for interview so that she could speak and get interviewed...?????

Her bnda veer ️️
Hindi or punjabi is best 
He has a golden heart.....

Every time he comes in interviews n says that I can&#39;t speak English. He can try atleast. It&#39;s been too long now since he is in the showbiz.

He gave perfect answer in last. Which everyone can understand his responsibility against religion or society. 

This Samaajshevk said that the lockdown was going on
Who gave the gift of money or the gift of help to make your lips look like Guerilla
Diljit paji on the top ....
Diljit Soo cuteee

I love him but he needs to educate himself

Diljit is best.

Diljit is so pure ️......
He is a very great personality.️️️
Priyanka is awesome that diljit is so dump still she didnt forget her calmness.

Diljit bhaji tusi great ho down to earth banda.fully respect bro love you so much

i respect priyanka alot...but being punjabi she don&#39;t speak punjabi at allll !! even she dont know how to speak punjabi!!!

Diljit is saying that everyone helps... Priyanka is saying that everyone is not helping... actually both of them are right...Diljit lives in Punjab... and the people of Punjab are always helpful.
Good

Comnt only diljit dosanjh veere lei   ty like v

Yeh hote hai real bande

Diljit veer u should not have come with this lady This lady with double standards used to say that KPS Gill was a martyr who stopped terrorism in 1984. Diljit veer u should not have come with this lady This lady is famous for hypocrisy. same lady tweeted kps gill was martyr who ended terrorism in panjab.
A poor man can save more and more lollipops.... This fund is about a rich person.
He is so calm nd priyanka didn’t stopped..!

OMG kitna hilti hai yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee kitni annoying hai. She doesnt just move her hands or arms she moves her whole body ALL the time !!!! grrrr. so annoying and distracting. When he answered her first question she didnt react in ANY POSITIVE way. First of WHY she asked question in English? Proves she is a B*TCH. a BIGOT. And from the very 1st answer she starts looking at the camera etc and NOT pay RESPECT to his answer by looking at him, paying attention, in the last asnwer abt paying Daswanjh(10% of your earnings) in Sikhism she again looked away. How mean, how disrespectful B*TCH!!!!

WHY THIS B*TCH IS ASKING HIM QUESTION IN ENGLISH ????!!! I HATE THIS B*TCH BECAUSE SHE HERSELF IS PUNJABI STILL DIDNT TALK TO HIM IN PUNJABI !! I LOVE HER COUSIN PARINEETI CHOPRA ABT THIS SHE MANY TIMES SPOKE PUNJABI. I RESPECT PPL WHO RESPECT THEIR MOTHER TONGUE.

Brother, before giving an answer in English, I don't feel like speaking even if no society comes then I am getting better. Well done Diljit my best brother great.
Good job daljit
Diljit realy u r so handsome ..I like u ...

This girl is crazy, she is crazy, she is crazy
Priyanka is so talented
Yaar u r really a great SARDAR,  simple n confound thoughts!!love u buddy!! Jiyunda reh,  parmatma chardi kla rakhey teri

2 of my favorite celebrities

Nice interview.. Love you diljit dosanj broo.. Singh is always king

Humble person diljit
He speaks in american accent but only like punjabi

Daljit paji is amazing

Great diljit hr baat hr field mai jeet lety ho….great paji
She is truly a very intelligent women.........n diljit to kamal h hi.....️️️

Firangi bhauu
Diljeet really a good pesonality

Prinkya a fake girl? You are just doing this arrogant girl.
Respect 

Proud of you dosajjhanwaleya
I love the way he confidently admit that his English is weak ️

Diljit craaaaaa
6 mnt k clip tha... Usse toh bolne deti thoda bhut... Jiske liye aye the

Very nice thinking

Diljith Paaji,...with Sri Akaal
Diljeet Sir love u keep it up

Diljeet and Praji have become very big fans. I would like to have no part of the work you are doing. Now my study is about to end. I would like to milk you as much as I can. May God's blessings be with you always.
Try to donate 10% of your income.

Diljit priyanka best jodi in movie
<a href="">3:35</a> Diljeet toh mna k shadiya.
She is so fake. Look how sincere he is.

But he does have fan all over the world and it helps when he speaks English, still love him:)

Diljith Paaji, Sath Sri Akaal 
Diljit verre sona bhi mine
i love u diljit veer ji
We&#39;ll think Diljit sir ...we have to do the same think,s ......follow the better think,s

Priyanka is talking about help who herself did not help in Assam flood because she is the brand ambassador of Assam but respect for Paaji <a href="">#paajithe</a> great
Nice

Please help me.
I love diljit sir and priyanka mam. They are good human.

Diljit sir is too good , genuine  and sincere.... but priyanka is phoney as her plastic surgery made up face.....

Diljit

imagine a Muslim guy with a hat no one for sure would liked even they will not invite  him in the show that is reality of  the world  for another people is handsome but they hate Muslims that is a fact.

Diljit Dosanjh ️️️️️
Love you deljit dosanjh keep it always#
Nice mam

I didn&#39;t find the subtitles  i didnt understand a thing . Its about a Foundation right?

Stupid host with stupid questions

happy to see such two inspiring people together and conversing on such issues

Good one bhaaji

I listen to Punjabi all singer's songs, even watch every type of song or movie, Diljit Dosanjh is perfect in Bollywood, I have seen 2_3 movies, I have seen many good actors or as a human, I also love a lot, keep shining.
Bai tusi punjabi hi bolya karo bhut sohne lagge ho bolde Angeji aa v gai Phir v punjabi bolna
She can&#39;t do interviews

Love you Diljit! 
love you teacher gDOSANJHANWALA
It seems she was speaking more then him. If you have called him to speak let me speak his thoughts as well.

How is this in conversation with diljit, she just keeps talking her self

Respect hindu punjabi angry di maa nu sat shri akal
Yr celebrity haina..to sab kehte hai ye baat.. agar normaly log bole k hume english nai ati..to lig aise muh ki taraf dekhte hai..jaise vo insan e nai aa..is Hindustan me to angreji k bina job b nai milti.. kehne ko ye..HINDUSTAN hai.. wow

M here only for diljit not for MW :) love you Veer diljit kal milange <a href="">#America</a> ch

He is proud of his language.Hats off to him.

Priyanka fake accent of English everytime

diljit dosanjh love
Priyanka is so fake . She proved she is a fake by not being attentive as an interviewer.  Her looks are more important to her than interview  Being a Punjabi she doesn&#39;t know Punjabi Waah parineeti can speak better Punjabi lol. I said what I felt in this video. Otherwise I am ur fan PC 

Diljit fokra buhut show-off karda
Prince
Honest, down to earth person

diljit is uniq and simple

pehla priyanka note vnde grib nu....avi daen vale nu swal kri jndi.....
Bc sala fake...fuddu bnda bhen da yaar sala...mumbai jaande hi acting krn lg janda fuddi yon da
If you keep me...sardaran agge sabb ne hai
Ena simple banda nd singh is king love u veere

Love you diljit bhaji
Watching this when pc is married And diljit has made his debut on kofee with Karan season 6

<b>Honesty 100%</b>

I agree what she is saying is correct but should let him speak.I missed Diljit in this conversation.

Yes

Are all responsibilities upon shoulders of citizens ,isn&#39;t government has any responsibility?citizens pay taxes for what purpose? Government collect wealth from taxes, they have people&#39;s money they should have helped many! People elect government for what cause? If after electing government it&#39;s the citizens who have to aid other citizens, then what&#39;s the purpose of voting and elections are they all gone in vain?

Good diljit g ....

Diljit se koi chahke bhi nafrat nhi kar skta. He&#39;s the most genuine and down to earth, honest person. Loads of love!

Nice Video Check UK Bhangra Video Click Here <a href="">#kinghousemusicuk</a>
Diljit 
I love you PC and dilget.

Then why does the money from the foreigner go here to the Indian?
She doesn’t look bad for someone who’s mother of 26 yr old kid oh wait that’s her husband nvr mind <a href="">#golddigger</a>

Nyc person dosanjha wala
Why didn't Priyanka speak comfortably? What is the need to use such hands so much?? You are acting so much that it always disturbs the viewer. Calm down hojai to baitar hain
The way she changes her at depending on who she&#39;s talking to really annoys to out of me!!!! Her personality band attitude are as fake as her face!!!

He is not interested in social cause.. He was promoting his song behind the camera during the social cause..

hunting in the distance sr
Love you veere iiiiiiinnnnnnnnaaaaaaaaa saaaaarrrrrraaaaaa
Brother's house is of a different level
dosanjhwala love  
its seems like priyanka chopra giving interview, and imposed points on diljit.

what about diljit paji u r great personality. nyc looking men
Even doing small things, makes a difference.

PC...

U are the best diljit paji.

Love u diljit bhaji ...nd bhaji tc sb ton best ho
Like fr diljit
Diljit shut up brother,
Diljit  did not understand  the questions

Interview kiska hain? Priyanka ka ?? She’s doing all the talking haha

Only GIPPY grewal

Diljit always try to b over humble. Usnu point he nai samjh aaea k what Priyanka was saying. She jsut wanted a convey a msg through Diljit.

nyc
Diljit Dosanjh I love u
She&#39;s v intelligent. Puts her point forth .... very well

I like she&#39;s taking interview in Hindi.

Diljit dosanjh is fantastic.....️
Diljit Singh is king

my favourite priyanka ji
Was this guy featured in roadies extreme, ??

I&#39;m big fan of Diljit

Diljit Dosanjh's Taur aa
Hhhaaàaa hindiii
Loveee uuuu ️️️ ️️
Diljit is so down to earth!! Love it

I love how honestly he accepted that he dont know english

Most humble person Diljit ....lots of respect for you

Aww m touched by his simplisity and I can not imagine him being so down to earth thinking of himself as a small artist jab k we are across border and his movies are just lit ,whenever we watch them I guess they promise good time laughter and everything good!

She is ether high or drunk!

one of d most versatile singer and actor in Indian and punjabi music industry

Worst interviewer in the world. Diljit came for no reason.use to bolne hi nahi diya.

diljit️️️️️️️️️
Motivation interview we should follow their words to develop our country

The thumbs up are truly and solely for Diljit Dosanjh! ️️️️
<a href="">5:48</a> &#39;daswaanth hissa zaroor nikalo &#39; Who can tell its meaning??
Diljit is amazing

Good job
1 EK hi Pajame me saare show did Priyanka do?
Was the show going a bit fast?

I love how he&#39;s not embarrassed that he can&#39;t speak english well. He isn&#39;t some whitewashed Indian who thinks they&#39;re Western

I love Diljit so humble person 
What we missed is to know is more about Saanjh Foundation, what have been their past projects or area of work, what do they plan to do in the future, if there were challenges, how does he plan to engage his fan base to propel his initiative further, etc. Firstly, questions were sloppy.  Secondly, he hardly got a chance to speak.  Halfway through the interview, I was distracted by her overt gesticulation, her lack of active listening skills, forcing her views on him seeking &quot;preachy&quot; responses.  I feel those who do their bit for the society, will do it anyways.  They don&#39;t need celebrities clad in designer labels to tell them to do good for the society.  I felt this whole exercise was more of a PR exercise and less about caring for social issues.  I wish the celebrities do their bit for the underprivileged and needy sans the camera.  Just a thought, was wondering if Priyanka Chopra would sacrifice her extravagant wedding for a simpler one and donate that money to charity?

Nice g

Very good message dita dosanjh saaab ..... Proud of you 
Yeh banda toh tough hai

I love this great man.....

Priyanka is very passionate about this cause, Diljit is not interested at all, why is he here

Pc is humble I will give her that.

Everyone says if i earn more then i will help poor people but this is the  fact that no one help poors only little percentage of the population helps. I would say we can just keep 500rs separate for poors on monthly basis from our income.

Every Gurudhwara and mandir does that.... when you go to do Matta theko in Gurudhwara we put money every-time.

Oh my go to confuse me
Proud of u Diljit Bhaji

my two most favorite people together... damnnnnn

10 wasnt nikalo ar Ram. Manir banao
People are usually good at heart. It&#39;s basic instinct of humans to help others. Lets start with our neighbors !!

He is so so so so so so down to   earth yrr

I see Diljit and I watch it simple 

English is not a problem but I am not perfect but our national language is Hindi so all. Okay
Good job bhaji
Down to earth Banda.....

Stay up to date
Priyankaaa putting it so well
Camera&#39;s position is not perfect

I wasn&#39;t a fan of Diljit but he made me one the moment he honestly said that he&#39;s not very good at english.

Dileej paji uh rock?????????
Punjabiyat ate hello nal Sat shri akal kehna kde ni bhulda,, att banda yr
Diljit
Sir, you don't even need English. Bolt is there
Love you pc mem &amp; love u diljeet bro.
Great  person love u paji
What did you shoot in India?
What a visual delight to see Priyanka and Diljit together on screen! My two all time fav celebrities.

Priyanka is so beautiful...she is doing great in hollywood also....congratulations on your wedding..

After seeing Priyanka for the first time, I started thinking.
Ye pc chappar2 in english
Good to see PC like this.. After a long time she is seen like this.. Great

Diljit paji nu vulaya h vo to bol ni rhe h priyna hi boli ja rhe h
When this interview happened?

Respect for diljit . Pc diljit ko bolne  ka mauka to do

Veer mera superstar
Dasvand 
diljit is best

Sha ga paaji love u
Diljit Bai end aa

She said Priyanka. I don't know. I saw one day
She is so beautiful 

is it priyanka taking interview or giving interview , so immature she is . loll

Interview taan honey singh deta tha saaal puchna ko khura kra deta thaamiss honey sirbut diljit good yaa
Chopras r punjabi hindus.... Puniabi nhi ati thts strange....evn though she is a sweet person

Diljit 
Deepika and priyanka are best

i think interview ka matlab dusray ki soch puchna hota hy ... priyanka playing oversmart with diljet ... but apna hi level hy bahi ka  humble and respectful..

Respect For Paaji !!Only Hindi Or Punjabi !!!Angrezi Di Maaa Di
Down to earth diljit bai

I love Diljit..
Priyanka s body gesture superb no show f behave lyk a super intelligent girl 

<a href="">3:53</a> canadian defence minister is harjit sajjan  not sajjan singh!

Priyanka looks tottaly fake....&amp; old too...very sad

Such a bad interviewer she is...Just need attention from first shot.

DOSANJHAWALA with PRIYANKA CHOPRA 
2 favourites at one screen

Nice diljit
Diljit dosanjh veere keep it up


This is the beauty she appreciates and support him..not make fun of his weakness... This is the communication... Love for both Diljit and priyanka 

Priyanka looks prity stylish and smart.....

She looks drugged up

When Jatt and Juliet aayi thi, he couldn&#39;t even speak one full line in Hindi

Love nd respect to Diljit Sir  Proud on being Punjabi

Luv uh pc u r my fav.
Ilike it diljit baeutfol turban diljit
Kareena Jooti is also like Priyanka... she is so mature n sensible.... Kareena is always there to show off her body, to show her body... this is where we come.
Pc u r an inspiration 
Vadiya Paji
like marrying a white child .Guess that&#39;s a real charitable deed.Or if u see a small white child just marry them! What say Priyanka wannabe chopra!

Priyanka n Diljit are both awesome ....I loved it..

Diljit is fuddu

Diljit is most innocent and good at heart person in film industry I think. He is so innocent.

PUNJABIS O* F INDIA/BHARAT 🇮🇳?.
priyanka is so humble and gorgeous and dilijit sir you are so sweet

Dosanjhawala superstar
Diljit ustad
Diljit bhaji 
Diljit is rock star

Diljit love you bro

Love u both... Kuch to Sikh paya app logo se

Diljit we expect alot more from you. Don’t get nervous buddy. Improve your speaking skills. We want to listen more from you.

Diljit Dosanjh hitttt aw (Babbu Maan FAN)
Fabulous sir ji
Paryanka brought diljit's interview rai aa ke diljit ohdi
Priyanka is the epitome of grace and brains. You go girl

Diljit i loved ur honesty when u said that u r comfortable speaking in hindi.not like other crazy fake celebrities....Priyanka girl u rock...u r the most intelligent women in bollywood....and i love sushmita sen too

Kaim Dosanjha Bala
Only khalsa aid

Hasi khalsa aid UK bus o good job hn
so humble n down to earth person

Diljit  Kurta Pajama️️
Proud of U Diljit Dosanjh veer ji 

Priyanka looks so happy and she has aged backwards cos of Nikz happiness. Diljit is so respectable and humble.

Diljit bro 
Love you Diljit! i will try for 10%...

Kurta pajama Good show
I dnt say every Govt servant r bad but sm r thereI hv experienced sm so  i said

Hi priyanka i dnt say tat v dnt hv to clean r beach n public area but wen Our govt has appointed some ppl to clean n keep our city greenDo u think all d pay ppl r doing their work or just they r taking their payIll tell u one issue happened in Surat in 2006 In surat v had heavy flood at tat time ppl lost their lives n had massive loss in all Govt had pass some money l every ground floor house or Rav houses will get 3000 rs but When public servant Came they just gave just 1500 rs n govt servant gave 1500 rs n the ppl who opposed it the govt ppl said lena ho to lo varna yeh bhi nai milegaSo dnt u think tat Govt oficers who has given this incharged shud check each n every thing  u stay in USA n u ccan see the differences our Govt n theirTheir is value of ppl n in India there is just hw they make their bank balance n 0 value of public

Being a Punjabi she can’t speak punjabi is such a sad thing

Dosanjha walya ..lub ju...brov ..respect
You are a big star bhaaji

love em
priyanka over excited

priyanka learn to sit like an actor.

she is wierd.

priyanka is most modest , and she gives so much respect to every one is so evident. and seems so genuinely interested when other person speaks . wow

Diljit
From many feet walking around with bare heads, I am touching my head.
Down to earth Man..
Most Humble Person 
he is honest star

Saanjh Foundation 
Diljit Paaji Keep it up..
Dosanjhwala ️
Itni cute smile agar mere samny pass karti priyanka tu main tu direct behosh hojata..Hatts of to you diljit for being able to talk with her on such a social topic.

Priyanka killer smile. Dear, if you are a wife of such a big size then you will not give birth to a human being. diljit priyanka's brave main is looking like priyanka's hero...do a film this year.
Priyanka is very beautiful she is a queen of millions.queen of my heart .diljit is amazing.i think both priyanka and diljit should work in a movie.both look so good together

When two best personalities meet each other ️️more power to u priyanka ️

Priyanka k dekh k sub hi pighal jaty hain ji...katil hai katil. .r kia hansti hai yrrrrrrr. nick lucky nikla. .anyways i love these conversation..diljit and priyanka both are amazing

Brother, how do you control yourself? Priyanka is looking very beautiful… she is looking very beautiful… I am making films with her.
Bhaji bahut kaim...... Very good and nice work which you did &quot;sanjh foundation&quot;

diljit fever
Love him

Priyanka looks the best like a 20 year old. She is at her best time.

Love DILJIT soooo maaachhhh
Diljit pajii att
Keep it up diljit paji...most down to earth personalty...best wishes..lvv u
