This is the bombing of an elevator supplying grain to Aleppo, which at that time was under opposition control. Consequently, the Russian Aerospace Forces openly support the genocide of the population committed by Bashar Assad, supporting him, and dooming the population of an entire city to starvation. Bravo...
Russia is bombing elevators, the whole world was talking about it
This is a civilian granary, the downs are stupid
So the propagandists and liars were burned, and the herd believed these cocksuckers about 2 years ago.
THIS IS NOT AN OIL STORAGE....EXPERTS GATHERED HERE))))))
Well done... on the elevator!!! Why the hell do you need it?
Granary
This is a granary. Are they taking us for idiots?!
This is a depository! Propagandas
Cosmonauts, why didn’t you like the granary? Or have they already learned how to turn flour into gunpowder?
These are the goats, they bomb a granary and say that it is an oil storage facility... SHAME!!!
This is how Russian NAZI bombed grain storage , in order to destroy all grain and let Syrian people die of starvation same as they did in UKRAINE-remember HolodomorPutin is new HITLERHe is targeting and  killing Syrian civilians not ISIS solders.Putin is supporting Assad because he likes to take Syrian reserves of  natural gas and to stop  natural gas pipeline from Katar. Assad is  murderer and he is not  legal president of Syria the same as Putin is not legal president of Russia

Destroying oil storage facilities means raising the price of oil and undermining the economy of the terrorists. The most effective method of fighting terrorists is SIMPLY DEPRIVING THE MATERIAL BASE.
Is it okay that these are actually grain elevators?
This is unlikely to be a granary; the Wikimapia edit was made 9 days ago. If only all the media would have been blown up by the enemy... Don’t fall for this bullshit
+Dalany Mokus it is possible that all this is a theater on a global scale made for some reason, supposedly “confrontation” Russia, USA, West and IS and others. I assume this is because among the Russian Federation there are a lot of clearly disloyal Pu and Co., but they are not closed...And there is also this information <a href="">
So many armchair analyst experts have arrived. Fortune tellers from photographs.
Doesn't look like an oil storage facility. At any oil depot, each tank must be surrounded by an earthen or reinforced concrete embankment
When will the fur storage facility be hit?
Why the hell bomb granaries?
Damn, this is a grain elevator! Hey, fascists, you are a civilian elevator where they store flour and grain, civilians work, it was bombed.
Why was the attack on the granary called a strike on the oil storage facility?
Perfectly simple! Turkey's budget will shake up a little. Because there’s no point in making money on blood on the sly.
this is not a granary, this is a cocaine warehouse... Evo Morales will not forget this, he will not forgive...
This is an elevator. In an oil storage tank, the tanks are located at a considerable distance from each other so that in the event of a fire the fire does not spread. And there is no black smoke, like oil, after the explosion.
again a bummer, but there is a way out, so to speak, a good mine for a bad game, version 1 it is necessary to announce that HEROIN was stored there in one of the tanks and the barmalei wanted to harm the country with this help. version 2 the chief terrorist was hiding there))))))))))))))
The Ministry of Defense publishes this sincere video confession of committing a war crime. Spiritual bonds, apparently, do not allow us to admit that oil, if it is hit with a bomb, smokes like tarry black smoke, and does not scatter in all directions as white dust, like flour in an elevator? They are bombing civilian targets, how is the Russian Federation different from the very same fascists with which the Didas fought?
And where is the oil storage facility, gentlemen, Internet warriors?
Oil is stored in elevators, it does not smoke black, but scatters in a white cloud. Parallel reality. Was it not 12 ISIS headquarters?
They'll delete it when they realize they've screwed up. It makes sense to copy this video and repost it as evidence of crimes against the civilian population.
Putin's falcons routinely demolished a civilian granary. Keep it up, Rashists.
These are the elevators of a flour mill!
Russian vegetables are at war with their own kind - either the vegetable market is bombed, or the flour mill is confused with an oil storage facility))))
Airstrike on a grain elevator?
Russian criminals bombed a GRAIN STORAGE! Are you proud of yourself, freaks? So you are helping the Syrian people!?
Hurray, bomb another granary somewhere! So we’ll win!!!!
This is an elevator.
Good stike to a watter supply!

Fart to the Muscovites" Six Russian ships were detained in the Turkish port of Samsun, but after inspection, two of them were released, and the remaining four remain blocked. This is reported by <a href="">ren.tv</a> with reference to local media. According to Turkish publications, the remaining ships were blocked due to the alleged lack of necessary documents. The ships “Omsky”, “Rusich”, “Neva”, “Crystal” are still in the port.” What will Vova answer? This is not to bomb granaries. The Turks are turning someone into a sect.
Well done, long live Russia!!
Attacks on elevators and treatment facilities of the Russian Aerospace Forces are fakes, stuffing of the enemies of our country.
Your mother! The Ministry of Defense screwed up not only by bombing the granaries, but also by posting the evidence online.
Russian fascists have crap again. And people eat them and fuck them some more. <a href="">
<a href="">

This is a granary. There are already photographs of this blow; grain was stored there.
why do you call ordinary grain storage facilities oil storage facilities?
Pages Businesses Media/News Company <a href="#lang=ru&amp;lat=3 799615&amp;lon=38.217739&amp;z=18&amp;m=b&amp;show=/34173648/Debsi-Afnan-granaries">#lang=ru&amp;lat =35.799615&amp;lon=38.217739&amp;z=18&amp;m=b&amp;show=/34173648/Debsi-Afnan-granaries</a>
Fuck, it’s not only that you either don’t know where you’re hitting, or you have Arab moles on the ground who are giving incorrect information (there’s no oil there, the smoke is white, the explosion is only from a bomb and the neighboring tanks don’t even light up) so I have one more question: CAN YOU GET INTO THE CENTER OF THE TARGET AT LEAST ONCE???
Abramovich's friend eliminates his competitor?
Why is the smoke light?
The USA has already stated that these are bathhouses of moderate opposition!!
D4 - wounded! )
Our Turkish Podzhopnik will be more noticeable to Russian dryers,
need to be added
oil then bye bye
You will give Erdogan a heart attack with such blows :)
Again we missed and again tales about pumps and underground bunkers next to the target)))
a strike on an oil storage facility will not lead to an environmental disaster??
Why publish this? Is this banter? Are you all fucked? They fired past. The storage is complete. WHAT THE FUCK? A fucked up thing is coming. The world has gone crazy. Pump up your abs, pull yourself up, train. A fucked up thing is coming. You will have to survive the war. Have children. Build a new world :)
Some kind of Rachina is shooting, he didn’t even get in, 45% are being recruited into the army
Fuck by.....)))
Posons... you're a crooked shopper... take a larger caliber then...
So Erdogan will have nothing to eat.
Somehow they remind me more of modern granaries (the upper part, judging by the shadows, has a cone shape), which is why it doesn’t bang)))
After Putin's message, the ruble began to fall rapidly. Bravo Putin! best condom in the world!
Our country is falling apart, being plundered from the inside, it’s painful to watch, and you admire the fact that things have already turned out badly for us. God damn how to live in this country
Well, fuck in the mouth! We didn't hit it! Again!
A little more to the right!
Instead of getting off the oil game ourselves, we destroy other people’s oil... brilliant
and that pass constantly,?
I confirm the comments below, this is a granary. I work in the oil industry and at elevators. The silos are placed close to each other on top of the conveyors. 2 elevators that lift grain were bombed. In the oil industry, for fire safety reasons, tanks are not placed so close, and storage tanks are usually lower and wider. There should also be a pumping station and loading/unloading points, of which there are none. Well, okay, no one can make a mistake) in the end, they can also sell grain.
Somehow it’s not very accurate!
by
They missed, but they didn't hit the tanks
“During the Cold War, there was a system of Soviet propaganda. Various lies were invented, first they believed it themselves, then they waited for the rest of the world to believe it. They were called lies and inventions of "Truth".
and they didn't get hit
bitch by
by
A desperate attempt to boost the Russian economy.
ISIS terrorists were hiding in these vaults!! It is because of these storage facilities that everything is so bad in Russia. This is victory!!!!!!!
A little missed, but maybe some damage was caused by shrapnel.
by the way)
It's all about oil, though.
What the hell is an oil storage facility? This is a hospital! Info 100%! <a href="">#what are you doing</a>
two toilets destroyed
There is no more Turkish oil
And then they messed up, only two containers were partially damaged..............
in general, I think they were aiming at two strong points, everything else will be stolen by Assad’s troops, don’t let the good go to waste, your money will be ours))))
Did you miss or something?
So that the price of a barrel is not driven down by the bitches!
Cool! Is this satellite guidance?
An airstrike on a TURKISH oil storage facility in the area of ​​the village. HAVSA-KEBIR
Are they destroying one barrel at a time? Is it worth flying a plane just for one tank?
You can throw hats at me. BUT this is not an oil storage facility, it is an elevator (storage of bulk products - grain/rice).
A little to the right.
oblique fuck
Eto ne bombi slabie Rossiya etu neft sebe zaberet.Xranilishe celim ostalos, a skajut chto Igil prodal Erdoganu.Ljivie tvari ne nadoel etot cirk
something to brag about assholes
Those who write that they missed, think: could such a release be caused by a shell hitting the ground? Or did it explode?
They hit pumping stations and their management. Amazing accuracy!
Would you leave them at least one granary? Otherwise people will have nothing to eat there.
Not far away. Failure. Nevertheless, I give it a thumbs up.
They broke the filling dispensers without damaging the container. Environmentalists are happy)
They're empty!
by
Are those two buildings that were destroyed transformer or pumping substations??
I watch videos like this and, based on my own experience of surviving airstrikes (I live in the Donbass), I think: the people who service these storage facilities and factories work there. Peaceful people. I doubt that a creature that got off a donkey with a machine gun can service these enterprises.
Why the hell did you bomb the aeration fields?
I noticed videos like this: for some reason they were hitting some sheds on the side of the tanks. Apparently this was intentional and not a mistake. Does anyone know about oil storage facilities? Does anyone work at similar facilities? Tell us!
Is this a joke? What the fuck is this...
Well, the idiots you serve... This is silage. (warehouse for storing bulk materials such as cement, sand, grain, feed, granules, etc.)
gud. new episodes)
Why can’t we just bomb all the containers? What's on the edge?
Oil painting!
FOR MARINA BRULO
that´s the way Russia! continue crushing those fuckers

prostitution!!
Carefully so.... Right with your little finger)!
fucked up, well-aimed hit from 12 tanks, 2 destroyed))))
The oil storage tanks are all empty. NOT ONE CAME ON BURN...
Well, that's cool! And they said that TV series are not interesting to watch...
Orderlies p. Zemlya.
Erdogan's nightmares come true
Something is weak, you need something more powerful.
and volume detonating ones would be more beautiful
DAISH people put dislikes
The bombs are kind of weak... Everything needs to be demolished at once!
and that's all? I need to do a test to make sure everything is on fire!
As Perdogan said there, we do not supply oil from Syria from Daesh and do not deal with terrorists. Question: do the terrorists then extract oil and sell it among themselves or what? Why then do they extract it, since there is no place to process it and use it? a complete idiot will not understand that this is all the Turkish mafia led by Perdogan and his family
Didn't hit
Erdogan's son is indignant
Missed?
