‍️ Nutural beauty beauty  ‍️Queen Alia.  Bhatt ️️️️️️️️️️️️
Love
oOF meChaNt jalouzZ avAnt beautY plzZ BN noO liii sS pa My dear OkY My dear my sister  Little H FoOr  yoU   H   My dear  plusS  BEll beLL
Hello

Alia written nice poem and kavita

I love this your  poem Alia mam ️️️️️️️️️️
Ye suicide singh rajput ke toxic stans abhi bhi active hai? 

Bramhāstra Will beThe best film

It&#39;s indeed a lovely poem , the words directly touched my heart ️... It&#39;s genuinely the voice of the soul ..... It&#39;s depicts the significance and the value of nature and it&#39;s treasures!!!!!!

Why do people hate her ? What is her fault that she was born in a family which has connection with films so she didn&#39;t had to struggle a lot ? Is it ? How would you feel when someone says that your biggest mistake is you were born to your parents ? Thought she got the support of KJO but she is a great actress .

Charsi sushant tapak gaya

Your being positive and working hard will always inspiration for others .. i wish you great success, health, love and happiness  keep smiling

Hate

Heart  touching poem. Love from bottom of my heart.

Wfgfffffffjknkmlihbkkjjljbjknjvggbcggfdd चmmmnmkjbhkggkcvvcffddeeddweee खbjkmlnbbhhnmkjhhkkkjikmnkknk खन
I love alia

Hlo mam , I am ur big fan and I love ur acting ,dancing and singing. U deserve to be the most famous bollywood actress.. ur acting is Sadak 2 was outstanding and I am waiting to see u RRR .

Haters dislike mat karo
Aaliya bhatt ️️
Dislike is more than likes lol 

Booooooo song 
For ur very Kind information..I think you forgot that the 24/7 AC you use causes a lot of Pollution to environment..The amount of Diesel you use to travel causes a lot of air pollution..The makeup that you apply on your face 24/7 actually causes harm to environment..The dresses that you wear only once you don&#39;t know how many Fibres are required to make that that uses many Natural things but that outfit is still lying in your so called &#39;Step in Wardrobe&#39; or &#39;Clothes Collection&#39; I hv many things to list on but I&#39;ll stop here..Thanks for ReadingNo hate to Alia Bhatt but remember when a mother had came to Gandhi ji complaining that her son eats a lot of jaggery but Gandhi Ji told to come two Days/weeks later (Idk Weeks or Days) then the lady came back and told the same thing and Gandhi ji made her son Understand..That Lady asked &quot;why did u told me to come later when u had to say only this?&quot; and Gandhi Ji replied that even he had the habit of eating Jaggery but he overcame that and hence he called that lady later on..I hope no one hates on me for this and I never hated on Alia..She&#39;s one of my fav celebrity BUT I can&#39;t state her as right even tho she&#39;s wrong..Thanks for Reading~

First remember the script from Sahi English*****(Gali)
Thankew for lifting our spirits up today; even when it drains you out every single day. Lots of hugs and appreciation, keep fighting!

Theme is preserve greenery in earth day is I am right

Love  for animals 

Behtay Ashkon has no tongue, love cannot be expressed in words, love cannot be expressed till the end, fate is not kind to anyone.
Jahan Alia vahan galiyan  thoko dislike
Congrats on the second stage of the worst talentless actress of all time

HERE FOR DISLIKES ONLY 
Very nice But I think that your dress and shoes should be as perfect as beautiful are youLove you Alia mam ️

I am greatfu everything

MAY GOD BLESS YOU ALIA JI
What a attractive photography I like it so much also narration ,
Fake humbleness

Beautiful voice and mind.  May God Bless you Always

26k like 27k dislike 

Dude, just stop being on YouTube. U know that we hate u.

Good poem

Aliya Bhatt to ekdam 2 Kodi ki heroin hai thobada b koi khass achchha nhi hai

Ratio of likes and unlikes 

I am your biggest biggest fan
I admire ur skills u r such a good actor .......I am working hard on myself ....we will be meet one day....mark my words.......

Hi alia bhatt my school teacher dyuti mam is just looking like you 

ii hate you
Your father told me that he was looking forward to the rich day.
I love you didi please apna phone number given me please

Alia di l want your phone no
Karan Johar loves it daily
27k dislike 
Aliaaa I know you don&#39;t read the comments but I miss you and love you so much . Thank U for entertaining us and being yourself all this years .be happy and plz remember there are so many people who love and respect you

You died sushant sushant is my favorate actor

Hi Alia Bhatt reply me please ️️️️️️️
She&#39;s talking about earth day and saving planet earth sitting in an air conditioned room and travelling in their ac cars. Whom is she giving gyaan to?

She&#39;s talking about earth day and saving planet earth sitting in an air conditioned room and travelling in their ac cars. Whom is she giving gyaan to?

Chal hat sali
Gratitude is the prelude to enlightnement.

starkid in the house

Budhiya

I am big big fan of you 
beautiful words

Very best

Paid Dislikes. THE Dislikes are 27 K AND LIKES ARE 25 K  doesn&#39;t make any sense at all , Paid Dislikes

No brain, no doubt, but Karan Johar removed all the jokes of Alua from social media and showed us as the most brilliant person in Bollywood.
Alia di I am a big fan of yours ️️
please appreciate if you want to, rest nobody wants your opinion and negativity.

I love you

Dev joshi my name 6 standard ckass

Can you give me your phone number in 2 days mam

My name is Dev joshi

Appka phone number kay hai please tell me please please mam

Helloooo 

This video i mostly like this shows that you love nature and you think about nature and nature is in your heart

I am your biggest fan
Who has come to kill the countryman?
I don't know if I have ever seen you anywhere.. I am alone, I have told you so much that if I ever meet you, I will talk to you like that. In the end.. maybe one wish of mine will be fulfilled.. I will never tell you so soon.. if I don't get to tell you how much I love you, then I will never be enough.. that...  love you 
Alia post something on your YouTube channel

Donate instead of just making voice covers

Bring ur respect in next century

This is the garbage see all comments with me also When Sushant sir die your respect with God so go to God and ask Sushant to apologise

See diskilike 
Love you alia
Please answer

I want to be your friend can you be mine?

Struggling star 
Fake girlBehind Ranbir

Skin cares
Skin cares
If you respect earth turn vegan and don’t exploit earth and its beings

Multi talented alia 

Big fan mam
Then don&#39;t use cars
Who r u r looking like poty and u r doing work in other home u r looking like that 

alia bhatt ka i.q level zero
Aliya ji, no one in my village knows you, even Madhuri ji and Karishma ji know you.
I&#39;m your biggest Fan mamThank you for everything ️

I wish to meet you someday. Somewhere

Super
Abe alia bhatt... Chal futtt... .. Now tell me who is Sushant Singh Rajput..?

Hello  Alia didi love u
Pora parhiye  Alia didi my name is riya khatun, and I am 14 year's old  and I am your a big  fan . Alia didi, my father says that I will never meet you but I am also sure that I will meet you because I love you so much  I have shown you all my movies.  watch sarey songs  sarey adds matlab mein apki bhi bhi cheez nahi kar ti ho  Didi mojhey Tu apki sab kuch cha lata hai. Didi, I heard that you have been diagnosed with COVID-19  Didi, don't worry, you will get better tomorrow  I pray to God for you, keep doing the things you are doing OK God bless you. I love you. Alia Bhatt didi
Really Very nice Mam you are my favourite actress️️️️️️️️️
Look at her face without makeup
The talented actor was shushantsingh Rajput.

Hi alia bhat my name alia  you no what you looking very nice

I can&#39;t understand the reason, people hate her. She is such a lovable girl

Who is alia  
Who is alia

Alia is the best actress  i don&#39;t know why people hate alia and Salman khan is the biggest enemy of SSR but all are supporting Salman . When SSR died alia posted a post on twitter she is saying RIP 

Alia madam, do you really know the meaning of the above poem or you have just copy paste it???? # Stupid Alia Bhatt....

Alia era superstar heroine in bollywood. My best alia bhatt.

The dislikes ratio 

Without makeup 

Who are bigger star YouTube star or Bollywood star



The make up products which are used by so called celebrity contains mica which gives u the shining glow... But do u aware about how dangerous it&#39;s mining process is? .. It is hazardous for our ecosystem..... Many children have lost their lives due to it... So it is better to save the ecosystem... By stoping the mining of it  ........

Who is the prime Minister of India ??

Duffer alia

Happy Birthday Alia bhatt 
I wish you a very happy birthday alai man
ʜᴀᴩᴩy ʙɪʀᴛʜᴅᴀy ᴀʟɪᴀ ᴅɪ
Happy birthday Alia mam ur my favourite actress love you alot mamAnd Plz reply me plz

Happy birthday Aliya  my favorite heroine

Happy birthday alia ma&#39;am  have good day your fan
Happy birthday alia ma'am
Happy birthday  alia mem️️
I comed here to unsubscribe her

I comed here to unsubscribe her

Quiver 2 
Mujhe lgta h bramhastra bdi flop hone wali h.. Or kiso lgta h

Tujhe hindi nhi aati h kya ... Humko pta h english janti ho tum indian ho hindi ko Importance do
I m here only to dislike the video ;)

Guys she didn&#39;t do anything! If you were her what would you feel? This will be a shame for India If we discourage our actresses

I am your big fan alia lots lots of love from nepal to u god bless u️
Alia you are my favorite heroinPlz reply

These rich actors speak shit about caring for the earth, but don&#39;t donate even 5% of it to those in need

Is this really alia bhatt or lie  im surprised that a famous actress in india has a youtube channel 

Ur voicw how sweet
Omg 
Like seriously there are more dislikes than likes

I love you aalu
You are so cute

Alia di is awesomeImagine getting heart from di

Mam you are so positive ️ ,calm &amp; composed.  I like that poem. And I wish I could be like you so positive inside. And Find happiness as you do. Thanks.

Hi alia mam...... Are you on sharechat?? If you are you will reply.....

Hi, my name is Srishti, what are you doing in our day? Alia Bhatt didi, you will not make any noise because I am calling you because of your sister's words, didi please do not come, didi, you will come for your Rakshabandhan. to main bhoot hi aaenge of Delhi's Raksha Bandhan ok make stickers tell us to follow exactly you will get sick that's why main few messages
Just shut up . justice for shushantsingh rajput .OK that&#39;s fine.i not like you.

Control adwords

Don&#39;t pretend to be good , all people have come to know about your reality kid .

Lots of hate for you from India......

Can anyone tell me, how to hide dark circles like any makeup products?..

i think u trying to copy kriti sanon [idk the spelling of her s/n so ignore it if its wrong]

i like you alia my life is you 

I&#39;am  your very big fan so please comment

Kamini

Tickle
Karan Johar's spoon
I am an indian mother of 2 and a ne ofsmall viewer but a big fan of you. i am in a big financial trouble. Since you have such a big fan following. can i request each one if your fan to please donate. One small help will definitely help me solve my problems. God bless you n your family.Please help Sir. will remember you in my prayer till me exist.My gpay id is shubdha.sawant@okhdfcbank. I need atleast m 6 lac to end my probs.please help Mam..

9726414028 WhatsApp send

We love you 

Alia lots of love from kolkata 

Who thinks Alia is one of the most talented girl ???????? :D

Please

Aliaa ma&#39;am please please please ek reply kar Dena  ..insta me bhi 10000 see jyda msg ki hu meko bus itna cahiye ki app mere ak frnd h use birthday wishes karo

such a lovely poem abt gratitude

NICE POEM

Vaccine lgwa lena
Chi Chi! Kaan se khun nikal gaya re!</b>
I don&#39;t know why she 1.48 subcriber 
Big fan ma'amPlz see my videos aapke status banaye h plz
F**k of

Please my please please give me WhatsApp number

Hy alia i am kanika mann nice ha
Tell me how much you dislike and which video.
I have been yours huge fan from 2 States movie mam..Watched SOTY movie in my clg too..I think u r combination of Old actress plus all new actresses..GBU mam..Jai Maharashtra 

Tum sab sushant ka satyagraha bhul gaye...We can&#39;t support these napo kids. Ban Alia, they insulted us

Thu

Whoever likes Alia will love the arrogant people but I have Alia.
Didi read GK first and then write the poem
alia you are so fakelots of hate.

Ur my Insperation...GBU..
Love you always you are my favorite ️

hi
Stupid actor in the world

Who has the hand in disliking?
Ali ki cheddi ko nikhalo
Let&#39;s agree that she didn&#39;t kill SSR.

Ameer awami ki lugai
That's why these poor people did not reveal their daughter in the film.
Taking care of his wife, he is praising some girl, why does Ranveer Kapoor look like a stranger to girls?
Please turn off ur comment section alia

love

What is your act, Sushant Singh failed in 12th in front of Rajput.
Beautiful 
A love alia bhatt ostad
Kidstar

Aaliya I don't know why I find you dirty
I am your biggest fan
Please come live alia didi

This is YouTube, you are doing nothing of your father's house, the talent here is not in your father's name, this is not the name of the President, to understand
If there is concern for the earth then it is not enough to worry about those who remain in heaven or to raise the slogan of being human, then become a human being yourself, there is also a sims of prayer, or you have got the name of your beloved, 
Varun dhoke bas
I am your biggest fan Alia Bhatt you act really beautiful

I love you Alia di
Lovely

Now everyone see how Alia Bhatt look without makeup

Congratulations for sadak 2 being flop 

Dislike her

This is how a very educated log looks. Now it is not easy to fool people. Y log drugs, gf bf changes 100 times and keep doing dirty chess and call it feminism. It seems like we have kept the thread of feminism in our hearts. Saina, marrycom, kalpna chawla etc y log girlska kuch value nahi h
ALIA Cn you tell me tips of your daily routine

Lalit ice
We are the fans of kriti sounan and sushant sing rajput you breaked their friend ship what he done with you  you always anger on him haa

You are not soutable for bolliwood  only ssr is sutible for bolliwood  see you are showing your attitude agains him understood

Teri ma ki chal

U are my childhood favourite and u will always.u are the best!!!!

Hello

Baddest video

Hello alia dii
Thuiii
Neem ka patta hai alia bhatt between
Sushant Singh Rajput Jindabad
I think first you should stop taking drugs..its good for your undereye bags

Stfu stop spreading hate
miss u shusant
jai ho shusant singh

Alia bhatt very sick
I just came here to dislike the video and read the comment  Who else

Ryu do

Chi up
You call this a poem?

Who else came here to dis like

Arey, aapki hi kami thi youtube par,, bahut mehnat lagi hogi na 1M subscribers krne me

There is a dislike for Aliya...this is where she said that Shusant Singh Rajput did not know me.
Ratio =1:1 
Ooooo

Can we all stop hating..... You guys r worse than her for steeping so low to actually go and hate someone for existing. Shame on you people!

Sorry Alia I couldn’t comment yesterday but I hope your doing great if your not cheer up everything will be okay in the end as I told before fight these probs and move on Alia btw I’m editing these days it’s really fun honestly I’m doing this as an hobby and I personally love it I have been using various types of apps in quarantine I’ve been also watching your films unfortunately I dint pay for Netflix yet and sadly your movies are not coming in YT so I’m seeing your songs lol And again I’m out of words to say yeah I’ve been seeing making of movies and songs surprisingly I found them very interesting sometimes I desire to be a part of that’s shoot that reminds me there was a shoot near my house a few months ago from 10am to 6pm that’s a long time the crew must be so tired okay thats all aloo stay safe goodnight

I love u with my whole heart before ......... Wtf happened to u ...... Shame on u

Favorite Gul Alia by
Kangana Ranaut will create controversy from this also Alia be careful you are going to destroy Earth in the language of Kangna

Alianators lets reunite and show these haters we are still here for alia And btw Alia looks so beautiful without make up also

Love you girl
Aliya I like your copying thing

Beti kon hai tu.

Everyone :-alia ma&#39;am plz give me a heart, ️Me:- alia ma&#39;am don&#39;t give me heart bcuz uh r already in my heart️️
Are you potterhead

Are you potterhead

Are you potterhead

Are you potter head

Neither I nor anyone will forgive you 

i am your biggest biggest biggest fan your are sooo cute and lovely

Love you and thank you ️

Good sharing

Who noticed this video has 24k likes as well as 24k dislikes
Hats off to u dearAlia di Big fan diDi aap plzzzzzzzzzzzz dal banao naa aapka kitchen wala video bht cute lagta h di plz...
Dayan Alia...I hate u
Chetan baghat: what is oppsite of iitAlia bhat: u u cofee 

You sucks!!

24k likes and 24k dislikes

Let's go...where is the horse?
Flop star of the universe

Dislike badhao bhai
Where are you now?? Waiting for you baby ️
1 million subscribers hai kon ?

Hi cutieDon&#39;t listen to these foolish people ure good at what ure doing ..ure the best️

I hate you, Elia, and whoever is with me, leave a like
I hate you
I hate alia bhatt

I hate you
I hate you
I like you alia no matter what world think about you

Sali, Chutitegandu, the right woman, what a big deal that was to our Sushant.
When your new video is come 

Aeeeeee satvi fail 
Alia the worst actress.who destroyed your sushant

Drugi

Alia...pls Stop trying to act we don&#39;t want to see you on or off screen

Carry bahia i e as roast karo ya to tutti ha
This is Ruhullah Rizvi here I had booked train tickets to get back home during coronavirus lock down but the lock down extended and the trains were cancelled and make my trip is not issuing my refund none of their numbers, self serve options are working please help

Nine one one seven zero six four eight seven four What is its meaning, please send it by writing in your comment.
Alia di today is my birthday please wish me

Hii AALIYA DI, you are looking so BEAUTIFUL, you are very beautiful, our cute bhi ho, how many cut dimples do you have, I LOVE YOU DI, I really love you, I am a very big fan of you, I really love you sooooooooo. I love you so much
I didn't expect there to be girls with such evil mouths, devilish thoughts, brains, oh my gosh... in the eyes of Allah, there's no difference, you evil human being... why do you say kill Sushant... do you think Sushant is not human, huh?! You're a devil
I like Alia bhatt

Porridge of the pot
My favourite actress
Who watches Alia Bhatt's channel and likes it?
Don&#39;t let people steal ur charm !!! shine on;) diamond .....

Firsr time in you tube history same number of like and dislike in any video 

Super girl
Sisters subscribe karega

Likes and dislikes are equal 
Wah kya ratio hai like aur dislike ka maine toh dislike diya hai sadak2=sadakchap
Alia Bhatt ।
How the hell did she reach 1.45 million if nobody likes herPlz unsubscribe

Alia I like your movie Raazi
Alia I think now u now who is Shushant (legend) Welcome to reality...

Alia...ko...bohot..joruru..bat..batana...ha...ya..Dunya saa..bi..dami..bat...no...fun. ....really..
Madam, why don't you stop traveling in the car with AC...your AC emits CFC which harms the environment...it is easy to do bad things...without AC you will not even step on the log.
What did my mother read?
Hence proved LHS = RHS LIKES = DISLIKES

What is your number? You like ali bhatt please like

It is fack

aliyaaaa
Aila mam please upload more videos in you tube

Alia didi i am your  biggest fan 
People:- Who&#39;s the prime minister of IndiaAlia:- Karan johar.Another one:- Who&#39;s the president of IndiaAlia:- My Dad

wasteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee     bhatt

donkey actor in film indstury

T

Alia does your father ........rest in camod

I am so lucky that i had not watched her single film.

Worst voice I think.

Happy Diwali 
Love u, awesome

Hello Alia dii I love you
Such a great poem alia

&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;Any school college students here&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;
Please subscribe to my channel please didi please please please please  please please

Nice alia 
Alia.. thank you for bringing positivity into our life &amp; teaching us to be sooo positive &amp; nice.. in fact, thank you for everything. Seeing you happy makes me happy.. thank you for being my happiness, my strength &amp; my heartbeat.. thank you for stealing that place in my heart, coz there’s no one else I’d rather have my heart beat for.. thank you for coming into my life, coz there’s no one else I’d rather call my lifeline.. Alia is my EVERYTHING!

Chudel

ba shakaU bm das xosh qlakam 
Alia jhlan hui as vibhor and Arnab both have got bail

Let's go somewhere and start liking his video.
Love you alia
Guys can u sub to my chanel plz and who is Alia Bhat

I came here to read ur comments 

Fuck up

Imagine getting a heart from alia

Wow edit

Alia bhat face like a monster

ssr is dead now Alia thum video ban rahehonphir be

Look these is a most rare lowest iq  animal I ever seen

Fake people

Mam I am a big fan of you. I am just 10 years old. But I see your all movie.  I love you mam. Many Many  Love from Bangladesh!!!!

nice.

Who wrote it for u

alia
Alia:Today I will show how to react like a nepo kid.

Be grateful for not getting in trouble legally for harassing and verbally abusing Sushant Singh Rajput. Instead of mocking our leader committing suicide, read a book, increase your knowledge, attend therapy, and make a contribution to society.

Hi

Aloo kachalooo

Allia maam please aap new vlog kab bnauge

Its 23k likes and 23k dislikes lol

Who is here after same like and dislike ..Crazzy mann...

Who likes 14 lakhs and has subscribed till now
ALIYA PAPA WANTS TO MARRY HER DAUGHTER ......

12 fail...........Papa chutiye hai is ka...us ko jhjh bhi sakte hain hai hai hai hai ki...
Di why you are not active in YouTube from some moths  you are not making any videos for YouTube di please make me want to see you ️️

<a href="">0:14</a> I am greatful to everyone. Alia bhatt saying. Me:- So what about Sushant sir. Band Bollywood, Band johar, Band bhatt, Band khans. We will take revenge of Sushant sir

U suck

Speak the truth Alia ! Talk about your father&#39;s deeds .... !

Your father taught all these scoundrels...
Boycoot Bollywood

Haii

Can this video get same amount of like and dislikes

Likes and dislikesPerfect balancedAs all things should be

Druggist

I guess she forgot that she has a youtube channel!!

23k likes and 23k dislike

Alia Bua What is the matter nowadays you are not messaging

Now she will remember SSR till her last breath

There should be a druggies day as well

Alia i got to give you lot of credit makeing of Udha Punjab i watched least 3-4 time alread. I still do not watching it again. Great work in that film. God bless you.

I am a big fan of yours mam.... But now I hate you....

I hate low educated alia

Sorry to say you mam .You re such a diva in our industry and mam please upload some videos on youtube .You re not available here for 6 long months.Mam you are my favourite and when I saw your video ,it felt me alote to be happy. Your glowy and joyful smile .Bewildered us and you have such a strong caliber to deal with them .That&#39;s all matter. Ok at the end I just want to say you are my icon.

Love for all hatred for none...Love for Sushant and no hatred for Alia.

Tumhari liya or bohot sara producer programmer ka liye Sushant Singh ka sab kuch chale gaye .kyu

It&#39;s a great peom, we love you
Unsubscribe karo isko

Very nice ....Emotion toward nature
You are 6

You can don&#39;t worried and just relex. Averything will be all right.️

Nice nurserry rhymes , loved it

I wish you had a better audience who would appreciate your work

Who came just to dislike

Hey...what kind of video is this...same likes same dislikes 
Wow excellent

Mr bean series is better than whole bollywood

App actor audition Ke video bneyw
Have you realized now that who is Sushant Singh Rajput , I invite you to come to Bihar and you will know who is Sushant Singh Rajput if you don&#39;t know him

Alia I really like you I don&#39;t care about anything you are really nice and sweet

Jisko jo kehna hai kahe alia id my favourite.And love u sushant sir RIP

You read poem sweet 
I love you alia.... I know you are the best person in the world... you will always be my favourite... I am 12 years oldI love you my favourite actress ️️️️️️

When will  your   new  vidio  come

Power of makeup 

Alia make a video on your weight loss journey

Equilibrium between likes and dislikes...23k and 23k...I think that there should be more dislikes...She deserves it

Congo to u..For ur sadak 2 trailer dislikes...
People are taking their angst against her because of her dad!!

I am your  biggest fan
I am ur bigg fan mam
When will you upload your next video? Waiting......

You are responsible for Shusant Shingh Rajput&quot; s Death.Drugers .

Meri chut mein ho rahi hai khujli apni maa ka dudh pie ho to meri chut shant kar ke dikhao.  Whatsapp mein message bhi kar sakte ho -7894196002 , 9348932746 , 8018889709 , 8917307878Call me anytime 

Watch Alia's Phatgyi, I haven't posted videos since 6 months.
I hat
My home is in Kerala. If you like Kerala, subscribe to my channel. You can see a lot of travel videos

23k like......23k dislike 

even many road of indian cities are better than your worst sadak 2

Post new videos

Brother why don't you unsubscribe
What to tell u .I have nothing to say about ur father just stop him from doing all these shit things .plzz .

Killers of Sushant

What is the name of Sharam in your ass?
Please request that don&#39;t say Alia doesn&#39;t go college because all know that Alia have her career

Love you

Pls don&#39;t harass anybody it will affect there mind They are also human beings like usIf you don&#39;t like someone pls pls stop watching them But don&#39;t suppress anyone it can lead to depression and anxiety pls 

Genius of the year 

Mam can you please tell your life story  at one&#39;s .I am waiting for it

Stupid alia bewaquf alia

Pagal ke olad

Alia's entire family will be on the road very soon!!!
Criminal familes wali k million me subscriber...ohhh..noo... friends subscriber aap plz unsubscribe karo.. bahut hamare paise pe aish kar ki

Show your clothes and shoes collection also home tour

Shame shame shame

WHY HERE WHY NOT SLASHING THAT MANGOMAN VARUN DHAWAN??

Alia boor

Ilove you ️️️️️️ in Egypt
Don&#39;t forget she insulted our flag by saying to the shopkeeper bhaiyya ismene aur colour hain,n telling this is my best joke till now IDIOT ANPAD GAWAR itna to 1st std me bachhe ok bhi pata hai

Hate youu justice for sushant sir 
Please showing your makeup collection

Alia missing ur videos
Look like lana
Dislike 23k like 23k whats going on you forgive no dont just dislike it

Bot Bora alia tere father chee to unki bahu nahi hi sakta hai la diya What mistake did you make? You didn't do it right. At one point I started thinking that Alia is the daughter of a hero and how lucky she is. Today I am so happy that I am thankful to God that we have saved such human beings. I don't want any big money nor any fame. I don't want any fame in this world. so lucky but ab LG Ra h star kid are so much unlucky
Sushant ️  Alia 
Don't ban yourself too much, even SSR's jooti can't be banned.
Whosoever is fan of her see my YouTube channel and subscribe me

Please subscribe my channel whosoever love dance please subscribe at least give a view

Hi I have your app it&#39;s very fun

Who all come here specially to read the comments?
How the hell did this video get 23k likes.... I mean 23k dislikes are understandable but these many likes.... Nah it&#39;s not possible

Alia .I really like you very much

Why are yu not posting any video from last 5-6 monthsWe love yu

i️u
Ur not great full Ur gandu

You are the best actress

Dislikes toh 50-50 chal rahe hain

Didi I love you
Hate ️
JOKE - I AM BIG FAN OF YOU. AAA THU

My heart came out in the nick of time
Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo Iy LOVE Yo
Love you alia!! It&#39;s such a beautiful poem!!️ Just like you.

Here for dislike
I am your biggest fan
I hade you  Alia Bhatt

Mahesh bhatt

Hello alia mam mujhe ek dar time de do maa gana ga lu maa bhut garib hu mam my number 9336868817 my name is devnath bhatt
Dear,Love you so much...I am a big fan of yours...️️️
Sushant Singh Rajput 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
When will you make the next video  

Elia, you are the best 
Your meh favourite

Your speech right  but please speak in hindi because we are Indian

Who is the president of India

The whole family is stolen by him
Love  Alia Bhatt I love you
you are too cute aliaas well your smile is also cute if you read this commentalia please give a reply or like

Hello Aliya
Don&#39;t try to be innocent cuz we all know u dumba$$

Why you didn&#39;t aplaod any video on last 5 months?????...

Too much attitude

i hate u
Very nice  but do we really mean it the meaning behind this poem

Congratulations for 8 years in Bollywood to my favourite actress.U are not just my favourite actress but also my inspiration! Luv ya️

Even l am not interested to see her videos.l had stopped the video l  came here  just to see the comments, just missing a super star like shushant ️

start your gaming channel . pleas

Not nice hahaha
Wonderful alia di reply me
Yee idka bhi ganja cheak karo re
Alia️
I don&#39;t know why she has 1.45 M subs.. Unscribe her quickly 
Alia can u please make a video of your room tour

Please your number

Alia Bhatt and Khan are anti-Hindu
Stupidity level- 1000000
Alia please can you get varun dhawan in New video please please please 

Alia we want new video please 

Indira chouhan lol
Run D
RIP alia I thought you turned off comment section

Illiterate
Ignore idiot girl

Hiii

Only bts bts bts 

hate it

I love you 

Hmm

What time did you call Earth Day or did you build America's bridge?
I am from Tamilnadu I didn&#39;t know hindi but, I try to watch your movies with english subtitles only one reason I am alia fan ever

What is your fear, father.. and how is everyone else in the house.
Justice of Sushant

Same on you aalia bhakk
Alia didi you are so cute
Why is she having 1m subscribers so fast

Please unsubscribe her channel

Proud for Indian warrior

Ediot alia bhat i hate you soo much pagal 

Stuppid alia bhatt 

Hello 
Love the poem and you without makeup too!

Yes ma&#39;am u are right luv u ️ ma&#39;am
Not a single talent but still a star.... Wow..... Just because you are beautiful doesn&#39;t make you worth something because Alia Bhatt without her father is totally worthless

Didi please aap ka whatsapp no. de dona

Lots of love you di 

Couldn't you find any other place to hang this paper?
Congratulations you have won the worst poem of class 1 

Techo Gamerz has completed 10millon 
VERY BEAUTIFUL ALIA AND YOU ARE STILL MY FAVORITE I DON&#39;T KNOW WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT YOU .......DON&#39;T WORRY I AM STILL AND I WILL BE YOUR BIG BIG BIG BIG FAN QUEEN ALIA !!!!!!!I LOVE YOU
BoycottBollywood, stop bringing up these nonsense , must have stolen poems from some writer and trying to be smart here, you cant even act properly , need justice for sushant until then we are not tolerating your bulshiit

Alia ur over.end of Alia .good by

Seems lyk suffering from anorexia

Alia- who&#39;s SHUSHANT? now she will never forget Shushsnt&#39;s name. Sadak2 trailer was OP. Maza aya dislike kar ke aur comments pe like marmar ke.

You are crazy about your app, aren't you?
Mam mai apke bohot badi friend hu from bidisha bora

Why is she not posting ?? Anyone Answer

Where do you come from acting?
22k dislikes lol so sad know

Guys actually you all should dislike her channel&#39;s videos

You came to Sadak at a speed of 2. Sadak Chap
Im so sad that you said kill sushant i thought you are more good person than sushant but sushant respect you and all but no one give respect for only his fans and MS DHONI

Wrost actor ever

Superb alia, but couldn&#39;t believe that u were involved in SSR&#39;s case dear...

Dislike Haramzaadi
Where have you been lost and why a person like you hiding away from media you should have courage to reply them

Unsubscribe her channel please guys

So  sweet
CONGRATULATION For Sadak THU DISLIKES Sushant ka badla lenge hamlog
China pm kid.
This bandi got the taste. I will make a lot of money and I will make 1 million. Without hard work, this money will be forgotten.
My favorite actris Alia bhat️️️️️️️
nice

Chup hoja barvi fail
u r idiotmad fool

Love from Tamilnadu

I am your biggest fan in the world

Bullshit kamini father bhi kamina jo bhi kya hai kya hai 
Chi kitna ganda movie tha sadak

Cringe cringe cringe cringe cringe.
uhh?? why i see less dislikes then likes ho guys dislike the video

justice for sushant singj rajput . like for justice .

I hate your voice you are the cheapest girl I ever seen and ya you arey chu*<b>*</b>

Congrats  for yourself sadak 2 


Didi, I have become very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very famous then later I then I have then a lot of your’s one heart in my life ️ I got my wish fulfilled. Love you didi… ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Till now
If at all u are also one of those so called Bollywood stars who mistreated sushant sir then I&#39;ll just pray if not Bollywood public mistreats u like hell

U were in deep state of shock according to what u posted on ur Twitter handle hearing sushant sir&#39;s demise..dont know how true was that shock...but after seeing the amount of hate ppl have for uu I think this shock is real for u..u walked off from raabta now we&#39;ll make sure that all co-stars walk off all ur films just because u are not worth it...hate uuu also because uve become very rude arrogant and proudy after doing some so called big films...u are to far from humanity and hate uu

I don&#39;t just hate uu because of sushant sir but also because uve become very rude arrogant mean and alot proudy...uve started considering urself alot.. no matter how good actor u are but gal u are too far from humanity and I hate it..and u are no more that cute joyful caring alia...fame and money has got in ur head darling

I feel proud of myself I just came here to dislike Like if u did the same 

Mam please tell me what is your age?

Take retirement Ms Bhatt 

Hello alia bhatt
reading the stupid comments below are shit the people making these comments about sushant should be hanged or shot or thrown in an pit with 2 angry rottweillers ms bhatt is an pretty inspiring memorizing little beauty or cutie who put herself forward in an memorizing appropriate way reading an poem she had purportedly constructed for earth day if more people realized to save the earthe this fuking planet would be an better place ms bhatt has only put her message in an clear constructive manner and kudos to her well done ms bhatt hope u have an enjoyable fruitful long film career or whatever she does all the haters who even dared to comment on ms bhatt channel should take note of the 1.45m subscribers on this channel no other youtube channel has so many subscribers ususally only the big ones ms bhatt is an gentle peach and an noble pretty young woman who is speaking out for an noble peaceful purpose and cause shame on you haters and people making derogrative demoralizing comments u should all be shot or hanged fuk u all well done ms bhatt good luck to you in your endeavours

Please search Aliya Bhatt&#39;s citizenship ??? Google says that she is holding a British passport...Means she is a British citizen!!!!!....is not an Indian. Hindi wale people...they only support nepokids....never support 100% Indian&#39;s. Look at the south Indian film industry. Younger generation from poor family...with their hardworking becomes superstars...I stopped watching Bollywood movies after the death of Sushant.

A tribute to earth

Bhatttt

Ghatiya

Why you are not unsubscribing the channel? 

Chat Nikal

Alia Please retire

Ja kr cullu bhar pani pe dub mar
Why is there so much of hatred here? I&#39;m so disgusted by it. Let alone the whole world, the comment section is dirty itself. You should realize that you are being more toxic than the worst goons.

tere liye mya phone pe tak uninstall kar diya......

Who is Alia????

You are just outstanding

Oh my god it is very strange to see that alia has still 1.45 million subscriber .

:(

Jo manta heinn alia bhatt madar chod hein like karo meri coooment ko

Love it

Hii ma&#39;am my name is Anu I am 10 years old and I am your really v.v.v.v.v.v big fan

Me- who is the reason beyond your success Alia- my mother, my father and my parents 

Mad Alia bhat fulish idiot nonsense felow

I have also made an altar in my life so please help me because I know I am not alone in doing all this. I need the help of my sister so please help me.
Hy di

Because of bezati  you are not posting any videos huh!!!!

AAP did not talk to me, it was the first lockdown. Look at my place if AAP hotel is there, what did you do? You have done little to me without knowing anyone else. I want to introduce myself to you so that I don't need anything, but I want to find out what has happened to me? SCRIPT WRITING? I HAVE NEVER CHANCED ANYTHING, IT'S OK. MUJE MUTHOOT FINANCE MAIN JOB THI, SHAHRUKH KHAN KO APNI KINGDOM PROVE MERE THROUGH KARNI THI, USNE MERE DIMAAG SAATH KHILWAD KIYA, OR SE CARTA AA RAHA HAI, SIRF WO NAHI, WHOLE INDUSTRY. RESULT USKO MILA, WO NARAAZ HAI, ISME MERA What crime? You have left a mark of hatred inside me, you have killed me. 7 YEARS GONE, YOU WERE &amp; STILL TRYING TO DESTROY A HUMBLE GUY, WHAT U WILL GET? MONEY ON BOX OFFICE? AND WHAT ABOUT &quot;KARMA&quot; YOU DID? Where is the BOLLYWOOD INDUSTRY, there is no solid content. Every day more than 100 films are released, only 2 or 3 are hit. Baaki most of movies main wahi item songs/double meaning jokes etc. Where do you go from your main heart, why don't you eat your body? HOLLYWOOD IS PROMISING SOLID FAMILY ENTERTAINMENT FOR LAST 2 DECADES. THEY ARE RISING AND RISING &amp; RISING. AAPKE LOG KE MAN MAIN NAHI HOTA KE HUMAARI MOVIE 1 BILLION DOLLAR APPROX 7K CRORE KAMAAYE? HOW TO EARN? HUMAN CINEMA INDUSTRY MAIN SALMAN, RANBIR SE BADLA LE RAHAI. AKSHAY HAS MAIN TULA LOOKING DOWN AT SALMAAN. SHAHRUKH HAS TAKEN BADLA FROM ME. CAN'T BELIEVE THIS AFTER 30 YEARS OF ENRICH CAREER THEY ARE DESTROYING EACH OTHER. ONLY 2 OR 3 ACTORS ARE THERE WHO ARE DOING GREAT. AAMIR&amp;HRITHIK&amp;VIDYUT. BUT ITS NOT ENOUGH? HOLLYWOOD IS LIKE STORM, THEY ARE GIVING US DIRECT COMPETITION AT OUR HOME. AVENGERS ENDGAME EARNED 367 CRORE IN 2845 SCREENS. THAT IS THERE BEGINNING, HUMAN ARE INDIAN CINEMA MAIN KUCH ACTORS SAY THIS &quot;KARNA PADTA HAI TO SURVIVE KARNE&quot;. Why do you think that this industry has come only to survive? AND WHAT ABOUT PULLING INDUSTRY ON THE TOP IN THE WORLD?? TO MAKE A BLAST ON THE GLOBAL STAGE, YOU MUST HAVE &quot;DISCIPLINE&quot; (in all departments). You all come to know me. No matter how much I write... this is what I say, my situation is like this.
Really

You are the one who smokes ganja, it doesn't hurt your name.
Alia I love you soooo much you are the best 

Lanja mundha velli poyi chave lanja
First came out on the floor, came out without any need, came out Gant's tit, Alia Bhatt came out
Alia didi take care of your eyes

Alia is an versatile actor. Stop being pessimistic, live a life. Alia you are who you are.

waiting for next vedio...
Tumhari Sadak 2 movie really made me sad.
My fav heroen is ALIA BHATTis she ur fav Then,make  it 5.kNd subscribe to my channel Then,one magic will happen first subscribe 

I didn&#39;t knew that Alia is having a YouTube channel.. but you should work on your editing..She use to be my favourite actress before SSR&#39;s death but after that I don&#39;t like her at all .

TARA MAA KA BOSDA

Unsbcribe karo esko yr
Sadak thuuuuuuuuuuuu  
Beautiful poem
And she didn&#39;t uploaded a video since....This is called consistencyEdit: yehi toh hai youtubers who deserve 1m subscribers in just 1 week 

Unsubscribe her bloody 4 feet u have removed my comment but I will write  again

Lond

Alia I am so happy that I meet in vedantu class when u come next time I will really meet u this is Angel

Loser aliya from gutter Bollywood 

How many drugs did Alia consume today??
Eeeewwww
hii

stupid and dumb Alia....need not need to show off.being greatful to nature ..first learn to respect people

Hi I hate you
Promise bhe dekh ke read krna haii

Unsubscribe karo bc sab

Better you don&#39;t exist on YouTube . Please go back

You have kill a upcoming amitabh Bachchan

Alia ka baap mahesh bhatt tharki hai... Tharki bhudha

Hats off to u alia mam

Go to hell aalia tumhara future jail main beethe

GO FAR AWAY YOU FOOL.YOU DON&#39;T DESERVE ANYTHING

Guys still like Jada hai dislike com hai just tell your friends padaoaiyo ko nearest dearest logo ko ki ki pls............................ ...... muhihihihihihi
8th class child has written
*What is the name of the Prime Minister of India*?
Go away my brother 
Sorry mam in logo ki taraf SE me aap ko sorry bolti ho

You don't make your life the same and want to spoil the lives of others, but why should you use it in life?
Alia mam why did you decide to marry Ranbir sir? Ranbir sir's age is 11 years more than your age of 27. Ranbir sir is 38 please marry him.
dislike. no more nepokids!

20k unlike

Upload new videos on your channel please. Thank you.

Tatti bhat yaaaak aaathooo

Alia mam please put new videos we still love you love from Mehak from Punjab mam please I was your biggest fan and I am and I will please mam put new video&#39;s of cooking I love to see you in cooking video&#39;s

Buycoot star kids 
Unsubscribing

Rondy

Haa now she can&#39;t even buy a filmfare

What the fuck is this?this kind of self promotion would best suit on Instagram or whatever....and who are these dickheads with 1.4 m subs. Really?I went through all of this channels video... it&#39;s just shit.An average YouTube channel won&#39;t even last a day..and this channel has 1.4 m .....Indian audience really deserve to see only these channels (I came across this channel through my recommendation, YouTube has gone mad)

Shame on Alia Shame on AliaShame on Alia Shame on Alia Shame on AliaShame on Alia Only fit for killing middle class actors like our beloved Sushant Singh Rajput R.I.P Dear Sushant Singh Rajput

I am biggest fan your and Varun aapki aur Varun sir ki Jodi pure India  ko achi lagti hai.agar aap Ranbir Sir ko chor ke Varun sir se Sadi karogi tho pure India ko acha Lage ga please please please please please please please please please please please

Please Alia mam marriage from Varun

<b>*not MaTuRe EnOUgH*</b>

Hi alia bhatt i m your very big fan when i see your any song on tv then i get crying because then i think when i will meet alia bhatt then today i think your channel will there then i search on youtube  then there came your name and your profile photo then i fastly subscribe to your channel and put bell iconSo pls give me a heart i am tanisha dumbre std 4  pls

Alia mam you are soo cute plzz like me comnt nd my name is alina

You are a devil
Waise toh mujhe app ki videos bohot pasand hai . Par app ne toh time bhi nahi nikala .oh girl you have a YouTube channel you should make a content. And now I am your fan not your biggest fan.  Chalo ha niklo.

Bharvi is the daughter of your father's mother's sister.
Lovely voice
Chal chal nikal 
Yah donon song my favorite
Love you zindagi bhi, I like your song very much.
I am your biggest fan main aapki sari movies dekhi hai aur to aur Student of the year vah meri pahli movie thi jismein main aapko dekha in factjab Mera Bhai aap ke bare mein kuchh bolata hai to mujhe bahut bura rakhta hai aur mujhe jhagada bhi Karti hun aapka mujhe sabse achcha gana Radha Teri chunri lagta hai

Which class do you study in?
Take some steps to improve the character of your father.... shameless family

So fake

No uploads found after ssr&#39;s death!
Are dislike karne aaya tha me

Get out you tube there is no place for you
I came here to dislike the video

Please do a video on home tour

unsubscribe her

My question to you alia is.....Who is the prime minister of India??Sorry sorry you didn&#39;t go to collage....

Over acting shop Aalia bhatt
Allia maam please tell to Kriti sanon ma&#39;am to make video on YouTube because I am so biggest fan of her I am a girl named muskan from India harayana age 14years old please tell her

Biggest fan

Don&#39;t feel alia , &quot;a good person have so many haters&quot; like u. U also a good person so u have so many haters.@varia_shraddha_fans

🖓

abe isse kaun subscirbe kar raha hai

Is this official channel of alia

Alia d m your dying hearted fam but in past not in present now u r not my fav u r fake n u the cheater who is cheating the innocent person like SSR

Bollywood is more tatti. SSR did 100 to thousand movies and Bollywood didn&#39;t gave Filmfare award

Miss you susant
Pagal haha...

Shut ur mouth nigga
Now I will never forget this beauty!!! Totally fake!! Iska naam bhi aane wala hai drugs m
Sadak 2,most disliked video 
Your song just go to hell suits you dumbo you bloody star kid teri Zindagi sadak2 ki tarah flop h chal nikal you don&#39;t deserve our precious love waise respect to tujhe koi krta nhi h

Hi I love your movies . U are my sister inspiration she always wants to meet you love you Alia di from Uttrakhand and your hear woooooo.

Shameless People  like you should be slapped on sight...I hope ur family goes through exactly what sushants family experienced.

Guuu kha le bhencho
Alia Bhatt is a satrkid. And many of the talented actors are killing themselves. Shame on you Alia.

A-AWFULL-LIARI-IRRITATINGA-AWFUL
Chee 
In this video she got 20k dislike...

The face of every murderer has become cloudy
Don&#39;t be fake

Koi jo bhi boleAp mere dil me the hai aur rahenge

Omg The &quot;REAL STRUGGLER&quot; on Yt

Alia tell the table of 2
dumb stupid nalayak aulad



I hate you aaliya,  u all have written 100% right

Please take a tour of your room
Bullshit girl

Thos is so sad!! What she did I donno to go thru this! Pls don’t blame her for what her dad has done! She is a supremely talented actress! Her choice of movies her education her opinions are totally hers! Who are we to question tht when she hasn’t done any wrong to anyone !!!!! Plss guys! How can u bring justice to Sushant by killing her wrk!!!

People To Alia- Who is the Prime Minister of India?Le Alia- Karan Johar

I came to dislike and unsubscribe 

Yrr bas kar lo yrr... Neither does she care but uski galti hi ni ha yrr koi.. She has real talent and she was just 18 when her first film got out.. Agar na hote uski family Bollywood me.. She would be struggling like others too. I mean come on.. Why are you all haring her.. She is sooo fcking cute and gorgeous aur uski acting bhi Kamaal ha yr. She is counted among the most gorgeous women in the world. Aur what&#39;s with 10th pass huh.. Tum apna kam karo na.. Ek din bhi uski life imagine krke dekhna.. It&#39;s not easy man. Btw she isn&#39;t preparing for ias ki usko sab latest knowledge ho.. And she has the better knowledge &#39;&#39; the morals and dealing with other people and has a really pure heart &#39;&#39;.. Yrr itni innocent jaise ha vo behaviour me.. And what do u care if she pretends to be innocent.. Uski personal life to uski Rehne do.. My point is.. At some point hatred becomes bullying and y&#39;all just bullying her for no reason apparently (or because her father is famous idk).. Uske talent ko hide krke the real talent won&#39;t come out..

No talent girl
You are the greatest for me in bollywood

Since all I could see is negativity. So here&#39;s one positive comment which you all won&#39;t like.Alia is a talented actress even if she got things easily and even if she&#39;s a nepo kid. She was a bit rude to say things like that about SSR. Maybe she has that kind of mentality as she grew up around those people who think like that. But the fact is she didn&#39;t kill SSR....not on purpose. It was unexpected and maybe a little bit sad for her too. Even after having a silver spoon in her mouth from birth she struggled harder (not more than outsiders obv.) than other star kids to make her name and to stand out. Just remember those days when we used to laugh on the jokes about alia bhatt and rahul gandhi. With these comments and people talking shit about her she&#39;ll be hurt and mentally depressed. Which can lead to the same situation as before. Each and every life is valuable and we don&#39;t know everyone&#39;s story. We just know what we are shown by media and newspapers. If you think I&#39;m a fan of Alia than you&#39;re wrong, infact I&#39;m not a fan of any starkids  but it is what it is.....Hope you all understand what I mean to say.️️

By doing this drama of the band...every band has started fighting in the house...the family of the bastards...the scoundrels...get out at the first chance..!!
Didi

Hi

Cutie pie️
Mom, I am a big fan of yours.
I LOVE YOU ALIA  WE GIVE YOU LOVE IF WE ARE......

When Sushant committed suicide, I didn't even utter a single word. In this movie, SAE, my son, I am working, I don't care about myself, anyway, I send SAE to my parents. Sushant is looking like a ban.
Alia Di when will you upload new video

Alia tai ra sadhak Movie vo tho pura flop ho gya naTai ra vo akailai ka song hai naSheee man kya ganda haiBhot bkwaas lip ki hai
we don&#39;t need you we need Hero like Sushant singh rajput

Teacher - nothing is impossible Me - but something is impossible Teacher - what&#39;s that Me - getting heart from Alia Bhatt  

Hi mam please reply to me l am big fan for you

Alia  Bhatt  didnt did anything she just said  that if she would got chance to kill sushant rabir or ranveer she would  kill sushant  and  she alsp said sorry

College ALIA gayi h remember everyone Shanaya. Shaniya
Who is prime minister of India tell me

I don&#39;t get it but somehow humans with the highest carbon footprint have the most to complain about climate change

We want Sushant back , can you give it to us

Alia you are the best women youtuber and my favourite hiron

If u care ur subscriber hit a like and reply

Coz alia its seems to be that ur boyfriend  ranbir Kapoor is also involved in the drug case

You are my biggest crush

Very nice 
Without makeup aakr apne to draa  hi dia kaki ...aise ni kia kro... Baccho ki jan na Lo

Get lost
Stop...just stop........

Just  because you&#39;re angry  doesn&#39;t mean you  have the right to be  cruel  alia......

Nikal be

Do you know Alia , who is the president of Singapore? plz don&#39;t ask if you don&#39;t know Alia .

Aloo di u are the best actor love u and also u have so many talents in u , u can sing , dance, act well etc love u once again

Laudius
Alia Bhatt... Lol yaad h India ka president Prithviraj Chauhan
IPL time CSK fans ️Other comment your fav team
What are you doing on YouTube.... you didn&#39;t read comments not replying anyone.. anyways we also don&#39;t need your attention we all the viewers are making fun of you in these comments that&#39;s it

Bakvas actress dayen
So cute and beautiful ️

Worst video on youtube Bcuz of the worst person in india

You are ruined dear.
Tatti
Kalia Bhatt ap chakke ho?
Gund uth kar kaha kaha se aa jate h teri jagh dustbin Mae h

Tatti khi ki
Cottage
U is my crush.... my luv

Shameless girl of the world

Never post any video on this channel because then you&#39;ll break your own record of dislike on YouTube...

Po is female
Real hero is not chiiter, REAL HERO IS HELPFUL .LIKE. SSR

kisi ki papa ka barama asi mat bolo pls guys.Alia don&#39;t feel  guilty. You don&#39;t  do nothing I believe  that.Proud  on you

alia got 80%on10th exam and she is very hard working woman.Pls don&#39;t troll her guys

How are you feeling Alia Bhatt after having the most disliked trailer ? You are such a arrogant and dumb, person this should happen with you.

She still have 1.5 million subscribers. So sad to see

Love u alia
Gandu

do you know why we celebrate diwali

Alia ka carrier khalia...

Cool and ya ur voice 

I hate alia, padhai main toh bilkul zero,baap ki wajah se film industry main tikk pai tum.

Please do videos. We miss  you

Bhai iska channel subscribe mat karo

Why be chachundar tere sadak 2 how many dislikes have come?
I am ur biggest fan Plz give me a ️
Work from home in quarantine.Earning 35 k to 40k per monthContact 8240885221 (whatsaap only)

Today and everyday we hate u

Not nice
kisiki raste me mile to uske upar thukna mat bhulna

I used to like your some songs. but now I see anything about you, I just feel like &quot;Fuck it&quot;. People gave so much love to you, but you didn&#39;t respect our emotions.  You don&#39;t deserve crown now.

If every one doesn&#39;t like her than who are those 1M people 

Who is alia ?

Hmm now i don&#39;t like her
Alia tujhe kuch nhi aa rhea

333 OP

Fuck offf alia

Zada mantri na maatTeri toh desh keh kae lega
Ay Alia you are sister of nepotisom  so I hate you

Just unsubscribe these type of greedy people guys...they just can only think of themselves...how to make money, fame and all by making fool the common people...dont give a shit to them...they are just like us,nothing to follow them..We should concentrate on our own work.

Who respects her? I thought people make mistakes but this one Alia, you are cancelled my dear. You are literally the worst person I have ever seen, why did you think of doing that?

please unsubscribe and forget this channel to watch

Please Alia ke channel ko unsubscribe kr do

Mam, you are very hot, if you do not get that pleasure from Ranbir, then you will be free for me, from 12 o'clock in the night till 6 in the morning, you will be free.
Who is alia ? I am only come for dislike 

Which talented band has this poem been copied from?
Alia tell me 2+2=?

Please help me hello️️
I saw..I disliked.I&#39;m gone..

How wonderful

Alia ask your father now who is Rhea and ask him that how much sadak 2 have earned

Alia Bhatt = Actress = Singer SChiiiiChal Jhuti.....
8================================D

Who is Alia Jinke jaldi hi likers see jyada dislikers hone wale hain ....Who agree from me

He looks exactly like his perverted father

Who are u

Oo, gadhi drugs lele

Womanizer ki beti
You are my favourite bollywood heroin

Alia bhatt subscribe is to low.......

Alia bhatt subscribe is to low.......

Who is alia bhatt real fan

Who is alia bhatt real fan

Who is alia bhatt real fan

Who is alia bhatt real fan

𝘞𝘩𝘰 𝘪𝘴 𝘢𝘭𝘪𝘢?
I hat aliya bhhat and chural

Came here to unsubscribe

Congratulation for the 3rd most disliked video sadak2 nepotisme star kid

Throwing
Just a reminder, I still hate you.

Druggie ho tum 

Alia BHAKKK

Man iam here to dislike her video who all are with me 

A fan from Kashmir ️ love from Ahmad ️

Why did you lose fat before listening to such a poem?
Those you like Varun Dhawan like
Those who like tiger shroff one like plz

Love you Alia

I have disliked and done my duty

From today I&#39;ll also say same including mine too kk

I&#39;m like 200% sure, she doesn&#39;t even know how write abc&#39;s, how tf would she write a huge poem‽ She must&#39;ve even hired honey Singh or some stupid lyricist to write these atrocious lines

️ love u alia Di...️I don&#39;t care what the world says...I still think...u r very talented...love u a lot....️

Mam:.  Earth ka spelling batao.. sadaAlia: thrae 

waiting for your video Alia... ...

To make our planet clean pls take a oath to die early

Hlo ...I need your help plz rply me

She was a lol actor

FK off

hate u bloody from Kerala ..love u Sushant

Save nature 
Who all came here specially to read comments like me ?

Band all star kids 
All you guys care about is views, PR, money and fame..be a decent human being first. Your silence on someone&#39;s misery is deafening. It speaks volumes of what kind of people you are. Shame on you. Bollywood is dead to me

No videos for few months, looks like you have been busy madam. Please say something.

I am really very very very biggest fan of you alia maam

Yesterday u r in vashi no i saw u ,u cross my Father s car after wards we get that , that&#39;s u

Fist go and complete your graduation

Harmful Hair-Oil in Indian Market And Best Pure HairOil You Have to Used for Hair-GrowthTo Know Detail About Hair-Oil in Indian Market Click the Link Below.... <a href=""> 
Just unsubscribe her <a href="">channel.ye</a> star hamari wajah se hai..

Why is there so much silence? Why is everyone going abroad for detox?
Man, dislike her video plz Itni bekar poem
REST IN PEACE SUSHANT SINGH RAJPUT DONT WORRY WE ALL WILL BUY JUSTICE FOR YOU MAY YOU REST IN PEACE SUSHANT SIR

she is a  Fake woman. Who knows how to fake herself and get praise from fans.  See this u will know her and her family&#39;s ugly face.

Love you alia ️ from Pakistan ️
You don&#39;t have any your talent.

A branch of nepotism.

You tube delete ts channel. Idiots getting money through drugs,  murder, etc etc

Go to hell Bhatt Family ... 

Hello <a href="">#boycottaliabhat</a>......the dumbest one. 0 IQ
It is like a 1 grade kids&#39; poem.

Hi bich I hate you sali
Alia.. l am here only to unlike u... Ur career is gone fishhhhh

The people who are calling her dumb and responsible for SSR death are dumbest themselves. I don&#39;t why and from where she is responsible for his death. Where were you all when SSR was alive ? You are saying he was a gem for the industry ,he was very talented why didn&#39;t you said it earlier when he was alive when he wanted to hear that he never got enough appreciation for his work and who is responsible for that ? We knew his talent right? so it is the actors or the industry who was responsible for not appreciating him or us all? Ok I believe  that indistry was rough on him but where were we?  Why did he gained so many followers after death ? Everyone is blaming the industry but not themselves, you know why ? Because it is easy, blaming others is easy and simple then blaming ourselves for the same mistake. You are blaming her for saying &#39;who sushant&#39; why didn&#39;t you opposed that when it was said? She definitely had more opportunity and she accepted it in one of her interview but you really can&#39;t deny the fact that she is talented her acting is mind blowing and it is because of her capabilities where she is standing now. It was easy for her to enter the industry but staying their is only because of her hardwork and talent not because of her father. And one last thing nepotism is wrong but it happens everywhere not only in film industries and you are doing the same thing for which you are standing against.

Good bye bollywood films... dislike kaa barish

Why ??

Pllz rehnedo
Who’s alia? She is 1 feet girl.

&quot;ALIA&quot; Fans Hit like...
My friend asked to me a question she gave me options kriti ,kangana ,and Aliya kis ko me pyaar karti hu ,kon Jhansi ki Rani jaisi hai aur kon mar jay then I answered her love kriti .kangana looks Jhansi ki Rani and killed aliya

Sorry baby unsubscribe  u

I FUCK YOU..
Which dog did not hide?
<a href="">

</a>please watch this u would get amazed

Before SSRs case i was ur biggest fan . i followed u in every social media. After SSRs case u r nothing to me? I have started hating u and  disliking u  .I have unfollowed u everywhere. <a href="">#Justice</a> for Sushant Sir

The only thing bad in u is u don&#39;t respect actual talent. Try to change yourself,People will start respecting u or else u will be nothing after some time

Good poetry Alia.......keep it up️
Good poetry
Happy Earth day
Did your father ever do Vicco Vajradanti or then you write in the advertisement.
Juth he tum aur Tumhara abbu

In the place of Guru, use the word Molvi Mulla Padri in Sadak 2.
Shall na surat teri do kodi ki actress

Specially sa.... Thrki bhuddha mahesh bhatt
We hate alia bhatt and her family

Congratulations aapki sadak too movie ka trailer super duper hit huaGhanta hit huaSadak 2 = sadak chhap
Dislike dislike...
Loser...
Who all have passed 10th here? This is the result of nepotism.
Because of being a hot star kid, you are here and have to keep posting pictures at your house <a href="">#boycottstarkids</a>
<a href="">#boycottaliabhatt</a>
What should I say to you… Bhatt's daughter, my beloved Buddha's daughter (the world has seen this oppression.. it is my daughter who did not cry for us.. when and what is the proof that a person can change his religion to get married) Wanted), my daughter...hahaWay why did I turn off the comment section here...you made a mistake and your father made a mistake here.. I am writing it quickly.
Alia have channel? Why ? What she have to show...Dumbest people

before she was so into utube but now must be hiding with her two dad   s shameless women ....want to take  risk by supporting rhea sadak 2 mam

From where these dumb people come who have still subscribed to this channel?

why there are so many subscribers for her and any celebrities ? My goodness she is a moron and the people who follow the bollywood celebrities are morons too. I&#39;m happy to say i&#39;m not one. hahahaha

sadak ka trailer song nahi dekha to movie to bht dhoor ki bat hai ????????????????????? 
Who is the 1 millionth person who is still subscribing, what is Tubelight, what is Salman Khan?
All respect for u is know change into hate ....miss Aliya belonging to the B grade family .....

I hate this stupid girl 

U ppl are finished

hate u asshole

She is a bitch....iska baap harami aur thatki hai

Unsubscribe her

Riya's daughter
Drama serial
2nd class bhi pass hai kyasusant was a brilliant mind

God gave you the death of a dog
Dislike karo

Now I am married with three unseen women who became Muslim and believe i Jesus Christ is x prophet of Allah but I cant see those women but I feel them when they touch me and have sex with me and they were before jealous and was fighting with each other then I make understand u three are sisters and i am the tasty chocolate  and sister sister share and care then i show them this lecture so they adjust together  <a href="">

Are you greatfull for what your father did?????

???13 ka pahadha suna
Can u reply ibwant to chat with u in what&#39;s app

Sauth Africa ka president pata hai

TU TOH GAAYI RE BABA 
Boycott

no more nice words alia.....should have shown some nice deeds

Sudhar ja tu.....,
Unfollow all star kids

Unsubscribe her guys..we dnt need this type of selfish actr

I stopped praising my father and kept saying...he stole my life...
hit  more dislikes if u love sushant..... go for it
To apply face wash, there is still oil on the face
<a href="">

Super bitch

Ik u read this comments just see how much people started hating u guys...nd still u feel that i m cool....bro grow up <a href="">#justiceforssr</a>

Reallly how can u be ..soooo fakeWe dont love uuu at all so <a href="">#justiceforssr</a><a href="">#justiceforkangana</a>.They are the real stars no like u guys..who are just follower of what not...Behaving cool is ur type..but remember no body likes that ..grow up<a href="">#justice4ssr</a> 

Who is the best actor?Alia(ignore)Shushant sir(selute)

Muslim like laudi
First complete 5th &amp; 6th class ok then bachu aana acting karne 
Alia , actually I want to ask you question that who are you??? Daughter of Rhea&#39;s boyfriend 

Ye alia bhatt koun hai......loude mahesh ki beti ya rakhail  she is nothing more then bitch n black spot for our nation

must see <a href="">

I dont understand what her fault actually is! Will somebody please tell me??

 R U EVEN ALIVE..OR BURIED ON THE BITCHEZ
Sadak 2 ka jo halat humne kiya he Abb tera bhi karenge ..bach sakti he to bachale ....

Thu

Hey, you don't know Hindi at all,,,,,Aay,,,,, I can't even understand what you are saying,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,. You are a god,,,,,, come,,,,, your beauty,,,,...is ..par ki juti.
Over smart, burden of the earth
<a href="">#stop</a> nepotism

Fuck you

Who wants to give dislikes to this video? 
Unsubscribe alia Bhatt channel everyone

Me : crying mother: why r u crying me:i was not get the from Alia di

Hindustan is the same today as it was before. Even at that time, there was some Kangana who used to jump into every corner for her honor. So, if she didn't do anything, she would kneel down and give birth to Taimur. Shame on such people...
Say black cat in the dark room alia.please don&#39;t show off in public.we all know you people&#39;s real face.

SSR lived and died for his honesty and integrity. Lets fight this battle with the same values he died for. <a href="">#SatyagrahForSSR</a> <a href="">#WorldMovement4Truth</a> <a href="">#justiceForSushantSinghRajput</a>

Who is the reall &amp; best fan of Alia Bhatt??Like

I love you Alia ma&#39;am I am 11 years old and watch your all movies I want to meet you but I am in Pakistan because I am Muslim girl

Hate u Aliya 0 iq level
Plz watch love Mocktail Kannada movie.. It&#39;s far better than Bollywood movies.. Plz guys watch it..

Alia and kareen ranbeer sab ka blood test krwaaooo bht zaroori h drug addict hi drug addict ko support krta h

Sala chor
Please be sensible and unfollow all bollywood mafia who have limited the comments on social media to avoid turning their face blackkkk<a href="">#ssr</a>

Alia you and your videos, Film ,songs are totally bakwasI hate you You are such a discusting  guy Abhi to  sadak2 hi flop hui h aage aage dekhoKitne aur flop hote hTumhe Janta  ne hi aasman tak pahucaya hAur janta hi sadak par laayegiJust wait and watch

<a href=""></a>

Crazy girl... hate uuu
I hate your face ....u say kill aushant ...now u r happy
Bycott her
Put a sword in my ass and make me die
I couldn't get an erection even after watching this.
Ae chapli bhatavni boring alia bhatt u are madd actor u are kinnerWho agree like

Alia bhatt and all her collageaues should be bailed!! For such an injustice and nepotism to new beginners

Alia if you are reading my comment then please do remember my words &quot;YOU ARE THE MOST POSITIVE PERSON NO MATTER WHat THE WORLD SAYS&#39;&#39; <a href="">#staypositive</a>

go tell ur chocolate mummy rhea

Very said news

It is the power of the public that they hate it when they get a clean chit from CBI and someone gets punishment in the Bakra case, then the real scenario will be seen. In the next 1 2 years, we will mainly find out whether the public supports genuinely talented outsiders or not.
Binod

How much educated is Aliya? Bollywood is full of uneducated insane people who can&#39;t digest Intelligent and educated people like <a href="">#SSR</a>

<a href="">#BoycottAliya</a>

Who is here to dislike 

Boycott this bitch

<a href="">#boycottflipkart</a>

a little better kya you have done the worst for yourself and other

who is Alia?
Alia=
Adorable 
You have some dignity left, stand up for Kangana
in few days police will say, welcome to the JAIL! Alia Bhut and people will say, eat in this jail sleep in this jail &amp; DIE in this jail! Remember all these will happen to you one DAY, because you sent someone OUT of THE WORLD who is very talented, kind and honest. I also know that you don&#39;t have any of these qualities, do you wanna know what qualities they are, let me tell you, the basic qualities for a human! MAKE A REPLY FOR THIS IF YOU ARE A WOMEN

Let's speak Hindi, but I don't know how much 
Now the funny news comes and he says that 80 percent of the drugs have been taken by Bollywood..now everyone has said what he has said...get ready to go to jail.
you look like bitch

fucking bitch

Plzz tell your weight loss story

You all are disgusted
