Jhansi spoke straight from her heart ️ and that&#39;s the most amazing thing about an actor

I&#39;m watching it two years too late but then it&#39;s never too late, isn&#39;t it! ;)

Jhanvi kapoor you english is good

How much do you love me?
Namste guys be smart haseena

Jhnvi kapoor beatiful movies roohi darkan
Jhanvi is cute. I used to think Sara is more grounded but Jhanvi is not less. She seems like a gem 

Jhanvi talking logically n seriously...thats y kareena is so off n so fake laugh bcoz kareena  cantt relate to logics at all

Kareena is talented but jhanvi is so irritating

Drew Barrymore is the famous niece of famous actor her uncle……….Nicholas cage is also someone’s nephew…..nepotism cannot be completely wiped out of media industry. If Hollywood still practice this concept unapologetically hypothetically….any industry could do it professionally..

Jahnvi is so lovely 

Oh god it seems kareena is just tolerating her.. Jaanvi is natural

Kareena - people just pick up my words and it just become famous , is she real ?

Kareena sounds so awkward and not funny or good at hosting, she sucks at this

Janhvi is so honest , Karina learn something

Janvi is jaan
man, kareena is coming up so cringe and those awkward hehehehe laughs

Jhanvi n Kareena my fav...Jhanvi is too too cute n adorable a very good genuine

Janvi you are so beautiful...Love from Nepal 
Beautiful and classy janhvi ️️
Kareena&#39;s gestures look damn artificial..
Kareena khan aunty! Ho Gayi moti! Jald hi banegi Karina Kapoor aunty!

Aunties

best thing about these interviews is controlled environment ... raw nature is seen when you are interviewed by unknown people ...

WHY do indians in india need to be trained  on how to want and what to want?    Hijdaas need to be trained on how to look like women and how to act like woman .   and these women get trained by chakras like manish malhotra , then they r trying to tell women how to behave. will indian women get trained by these  hijdaas, hookers, pimps and chakras???

Kareena Kapoor Khan  Love 
Kareena,s  laugh hehehehe 

In memories of sridevi everyday and night. 
Kareena not at all good in asking questions...Jhanvi u did a fab  job..very naturally it&#39;s coming 

<a href="">4:40</a> NGL - NOT GONNA LAIDOhhhhhh bhhhaaiiiiiiii maaarooooooooo mujhee
Didnt*

Jahnvis accent was so on point I Cindy feel like cringing at all . Brno laughed thoda fakely .

Jhanvi look is average cos of her mother’s fame she is able to be in film industry otherwise she would have been in tv serial …her younger sis look better than her… so much hype ‍️

Kareena cheap attitude
Why can&#39;t Shraddha Kapoor be caled for this show?

Uhhehehe the irritating laugh that kareena makes, I can&#39;t!!!! I don&#39;t hate her but she seems stupid in this video. She&#39;s not present minded. Laugh so fake. It feels like you are speaking with those people from call centre who keeps going with their scripted questions regardless of what ur ans is. They don&#39;t really have a good rply to your opinions and they just want to go ahead with their questions LOL

Randeena Kapoor with a Nepo kid

Janhavi reminds me a mix of sridevi and tabu.. Tabu was always down to earth simple no show off.. Loved her

Borina did not speak ONE WORD OF HINDI.. SHAME O  BORINA

Wow I love janhavi for bringing hindi in picture which foolish hindi film actors have forgot

I&#39;m from London and no one knows y&#39;all.. Such losers and wanabes

Indian hindi film industry is shameful... Speaking foreign language and not even repspecting motherland language shame on u fools may all ur films be flops.. Earning bread and butter thru hindi aur baat karte hei angrezo ki bhasha me... Angrez tumko koi ibhav nei dete yaad rakhna.. I&#39;m from London and no one knows yall

Providing CC workable..Great 

The title was also written according to my size...I don't know anything other than dating...and I will continue to do so.
Kareena please fix the color of your tooth. Bollywood actors and actresses do not pay any attention to their teeth . Very Unhealthy

Kareena is looking like an Aunty... 

Both nepotism kids with zero talent

I want to meet janvi kapoor...

Is time ki sabse best actress one only talented janhvi kapoor ️

ngl: never get lllll...laid janhvi said that

Kareena’s laugh reminds me of Janice from friends!!!

What the annoying laugh 

omg  whats wrong with kareena here she acts weird

Role model for the youth? What the fucj lmao

That awkward laugh(eheha) somehow made it awkward to even watch

Green

Jhanvi no expression lol n full of plastic

I like the way jhanvi talk and her actions

Mmm lovely nepotism

She has the Sridevi touch which will never go

Jiah Kapoor Ji Sara Ali Khan ️9ik yas x ok good morning
Both  bebo or janhvi English just fabulous

What so ever I heard on Janhvi Kapoor seems true to her honesty, unlike other star kids &amp; actresses on being much dramatic everytimes, Janhvi comes out from Sridevi with all great culture &amp; grounded values, Janu sounds like she was born in a wrong generation 

Starkids are given too much chances....we need more talents and wits

Happiness family toosisters

Sweet

I&#39;m wondering how much fun janhvi is going to have reading all the comments.. 

I love her.. I just love the way she speaks.. And wow.. That soothing sound of her voice.. I can listen to it forever and ever.. Its like I&#39;m automatically taken into a state of meditation. I love you Janhvi Kapoor.. 

Jahnvi has great sense  ... She is so down to earth

Kareena never appreciates others
Her accent is wannabe heavy Indian. I dont understand how she cannot speak Hindi. Has she lived in America since birth? Or is this an act?

She talk so nicely.....very humble ️ Jhanvi

I love how down to earth Jhanvi is and how humble she is️

Shraddha and Janhvi are the two best nepo kids love them 

Kareena reminds of fat Monica from FRIENDS, with none of Monica&#39;s sweetness and all of the unappealing weirdness.

I lovvvvvvvvvve Kareenaaa
Kareena  seems insecure as janhavi young as compared to her that&#39;s why she is not interested Or she feels like why am interviewing her

Kareena being zoned out is me in office calls !

Kareena doesn&#39;t seems to like this interview.

I yk d show spclly short forms it helps me also to learn a lot from this.Kareena kapoor Khan has brought a fabulous show and nic ques too.

As an interviewer, you need to be engaged with ur guest and let it seem like a normal conversation.. not a q and a with fake reactions.

<a href="">5:49</a> Goddess Kareena&#39;s beautiful feet ️
imagine having enough money to just randomly book a flight to somewhere

Only good think about this interview is jhanvi’s honest response

Kareena really should work on her talk show hosting skills

Buddhi and pearl because of buddhi khan
Please look at Kareena at <a href="">8:44</a> ... what the fuck is she doing? Lol does she not like her?

she is my love jhanvee

Is Kareena feeling awkward 

kareena is suffering from something and its clearly evident from this interview

Kareena is looking different.
Hello, I love your show.  I watch it.  Please upload more videos like that.  I am Sanghamitra Chatterjee from west Bengal, newtown.

Kareena changed her gender?

Kareena looks old and this interview is so dumb and unnecessary

Fake fake fake.,

Jhanvi and role model???

I mean Kareens is also preggos... She seems dismissive but it could very well be the hormones so let&#39;s be kind

Kareena  not interested interviewing jhanvi bdw love jhanvis simplicity n down to earth.. N I like her sense of fashion

When Kareena said this generation needs to work harder well that&#39;s very silly of her considering her privilege as a light skinned Indian woman born into a rich anf famous family. This whole industry is a joke.

I wasted hours of my life consuming these people&#39;s stupidity.

The boleychudiyan woman is so rude.

Why did she turn American? What the hell is this sorcery?

What&#39;s happened to these people?

What a load of bullshit

Very jheloo episode... Bored

Role model for today&#39;s generation 
Janhavi is so honest and simple .I really like her . But I don&#39;t  like kareena at all . First of her fake smile and less listening  skills and so on

Role model what a disrespect to today&#39;s youth  kareena fucking kapoor

Kareena&#39;s expression with young actresses is so yah whatever...

Janhvi is sure beautiful and carries herself well and sri ji&#39;s great upbringing shows too.

Kareena ji like teacher teacher heree

Why Kareena Look so Fat

Why is she so fat?

She was speaking sooo well

Kareena you&#39;re  just stunning you know i am the biggest fun of your&#39;s I LOVE U so much ...and So much Love for u and your family ,Stay safe stay healthy...

Kareena Kapoor much hate from northeast

Fake people

Such a boring host with fake laugh

Last time I told my dad lie that I going out to get vegetables and went from Andheri to bandra

Too strong accent , very sexy must be good in bad hoooo…Haa,haahoo…yes right there like that 

Role model n ICONLMAO 
Am I the only one who thinks kareena Kapoor face looks &quot;BIG&quot;?

Kareena looking aunty ji

We should be proud of women like Kareena Kapoor Khan who is working with committed sense.Pregnancy comes with lot of mood swings and all.Respect her .stop commenting nonsense.It could have been easy for her to sleep at home easily but she is working it&#39;s comendble.dont be so insensitive towards women

Jhanvi should share about her plastic surgery..

Jhaanvi is the best superstar kid with good heart

I find jahnvi is the only star kid who doesn&#39;t get drag by antis too much 

Kareena is fake as usual

Whats wrong with kareena cheek bones to apple area?

I think the awkward feeling Kareena had is because Jhanvi is on Screen which is to Kareenas left and the shooting camera is in front of her so dogging between the 2 must have irritated her . It&#39;s annoying to keep looking at 2 cameras. I have see her earlier interviews b4 pandemic which are too good.

Kareeena is about to blast, she looks so ugly!

Kareena dying to mimic Kim Kardashian. Jhanvi is killing n stuffing to look like Kylie Jenner

Kareena is more gen Z than Jhanvi Jhanvi is natural

Kareena kapoor besth
bruh wtf happened to kareena kapoors personality skjfksjkdhfhfjkkdg lmfaooo

Intelligent questions of bollyweed  ppl.. IMO..morons

She is such a generous and humble

If you want to see the real youth please visited Old Rajendra Nagar

Yeah as if we would get money this instant everytime we wanna go somewhere like vegas

Love jahnvi️
Hey KarinaWhen I was in school I used to watch your movies. Everything has been changed since you&#39;ve started something completely different these days.My question is that do you feel nowadays that you should do movies.

Why give her office desk look and those flabby white legs,that has not seen the sun.Complete disaster on her.She doing it for money.

Most flop show

Jhanvi she&#39;s from South ofc it&#39;s her mother&#39;s blood too , that u dont want to boast , create drama , content unnecessarily and that&#39;s y karrena faked throughout d video

In the actresses that have come I like Janhvi

Kareena is acting like pooo....kbi Khushi kabhi gham 
Cetiya baji teaching strategy hi
C&#39; mon girl... Kylie is a legend.. and you fake mimicking her is dumbest shit I have ever heard..so fake...and Kareena s laugh to fake..what a dumb host n dumb guest..flop

Is no one gonna talk about how cringe their obsession with the kardashians is

Kareena is like, she just woke up 

Role model? LOL
Kareena kapoor is not a good listener. She is so annoying  I left in the middle just because of her annoying fake smile.

Why does host sound so fake .

Roll model 
Love you Kareena you are so stylish

Janhvi️️️️️️️
I love kareena  she is funny that disinterested

How many fake expressions has Kareena made? Overacting..
Jhanvi is so sweet ️

Janhvi is the best star kid...... Humble, kind, sweet and beautiful  inside nd out........ 

She is so sweet in <a href="">11:40</a>

Ahahahah

Kareena &#39;s laugh is so fake It gives me laugh and tears 

these type of shows mainly westernize the indian women

Kapoor = John booth family = karma time = rip 
Great two bimbos Trying to be American  god save me

Kareena dictionary =for people building their own grave while alive 

Lol social Media ... killing you guys slowly like poison ️

It looks like Kareena is not interested in this interview

Oh god she&#39;s definitely not the role icon man....

@3.06 I think kareena had a headache during this interview. That&#39;s why I guess she is behaving like that .

Jhanvi is only polite, decent, classy &amp; intelligent star kid. Rest of the others are just busy in showing off how rich &amp; dumb they are.

Janhavi is ️️
Kareena is an awkward idiot...Jhanvi was sweet throughout ️

Bakwas tv show

Compare these nepo kids with outside actor and actress . From looks to acting to any other skills they just lack everything. If there is an outsider who is short like Jhanvi or Alia she will not be even given a side role in movies. And look at these nepo kids, Sridevi was beautiful and good actress but sorry to say her daughters does not have those genes. I don&#39;t even think she is an actress material. Look at the actress who were an outsider like Anushka , Deeping or Priyanka all tall and with amazing body and face and great talent.

OMG! she get so much fatt
I don&#39;t know what woman want ..But I want jahnvi kapoor.. Would you like to change your title to hazarika jannvi..This is partha jit hazarika from Assam .. golaghat

Janhvi 
for the first time Jaanvi looks so humble. so honest

directed by daughter jnvi..farahr von!¿good..
wtf is wrong with kareena lmfao body ke sath sath personality bhi chali gai bechari ki

Are you a star kid? Your children have done less with us.
Kareene go back to movies and  show these people what you can do

kareena is creeping me out

She went to Vegas at night...roamed around and returned india next morning...which just doesn&#39;t matters to her as she said...Just imagine the money they have

Janhnavi so cute
Me as a kareena: ehhehehehe yeah ummmm... ahahahaha ok.....ehehehee well.....u know. ....mmmm u know  eheheheeh

She talks perfectly like Kylie Jenner. She is so nice.

Karina ur doing great ur so telented the way ur talking I am So happy to see with Janvi like it much more keep it up .

Kareena Kapoor who I usually like seems like a bitch here. Jahnvi Kapoor is so sweet and normal and so real

you had to understand that in Bollywood Kareena Kapoor is the greatest of all actresses in India more than that each person must fully respect the actress and moreover each must recognize that the actress is unique in the entire Planet Which is the best of the best actresses must understand each person that we must respect the first step I will take and my heart I put at her feet and more than that I bow before her to the whole family And to all for the best actress in India signs Nițu Joker

I think kareena wants to say jahnvi &quot;focus on ur work dont worry about other things&quot;,  thats why kareena is a superstar.

Kareena looking at her nails is disrespectful and shows how she&#39;s not interested in the guest. Very boring show. Please don&#39;t bring the season 3 or change the host. Maybe Aishwarya Rai. It should be a lesson for the makers of this show, not to bring a pregnant woman as a host. She has her own set of problems which cant be hidden from the camera. She&#39;s definitely not feeling well.

Jhanvi is not youth icon 

I have one question for Kareena Kapoor, &quot;why are u doing this show&quot;? Missing the connection with other people.

Kareena looks like a puffed aunty

Really liked her first answer!  v true!

Look at kareena’s face

My LORD JESUS CHRISTPsalm 22:20Redeem My Soul to The Sword, And What is Precious to Me to The wickedness of dogs.YAHWEH YESHUA HAMASHIACH

Janvi is so innocent nd shy️

Damn both these women are so gorgeous.... But yeah I do feel Kareena is pretty awkward as a host

Moral of the show is ......Kareena is self obsessed lady . And jhanvi is so polite....

Lmfaooo did she do this interview on April fools day or something? Wtf did I just watch? 

Kareena, how do you handle criticism?

Jhanvi is really grounded for her age.

TBH I didnot like Kareena in this interview fake laugh seriously maybe she was ill :(

E he he he he he..... what type of smile is that

Kareena is here also acting for money.she is looking old and not giving justice as an interviewer.Awkward smile.

Janhvi is love️

Would love to see Priyanka Chopra in this show what women want?

Don&#39;t spoil Jaanvi, she is such a sweet kid

Jhanhvi asked for movie and went to vagus and came back next morning 

Mrs. Khan ki mundi Mein spring laagi hai... It keeps on moving like mundi hilaowing putli..... And her eye rolling is weird.... Indeed shez weird

Kareena seems quite uncomfortable and insecure

Jahnavi better than Sara 

Kareena natural beauti

Kareena is such a terrible anchor.... Terrible

Janhvi looks amazing!

She  and her father planned to kill Sridevi. Jhanvi said to her mother that “ you want to destroy my career before it starts then you have to go”

These ppl don&#39;t speak abt 1. Child marriage2. Women rights 3. Harassment on Women4. Dowry system This is what &quot;women want !!!&quot;

Kareena&#39;s face structure is widening day by day.

Kareena&#39;s face is becoming squared day by day... Awkward...

omg what the hell is wrong with her, the women in green she is completely crazy as she adapted American accent so she think she made it as if she is exclusive. hhaahaahahhaahah crazy actress

Atleast better than attitude  overconfident Ananya

Love JANVI  , she seems to have down to earth personality ️

Jhanvi is a sweet kid.god hope she does not get lost in Bollywood s bad world

Everyone : Talking about Kareena’s fake laugh Me : Why is Janhvi’s Kylie Jenner imitation so damn good

Why are you guys making her do this....Kareena is just waiting the other person to shut up and get it over with...mat karo behen

These people are insult to Indian democracy

NEPOTISM BURN IN HELL

One nepo supporting another nepo

jannvi nailed the Kylie accent

Janvi is way simpler then other starkids

Who told you that she is idol for today&#39;s youth 

Hahaha all made-up fency people they don&#39;t look real

@1.17 heh .... iii knooowww lol
Who is this strawberry in the world who uses these slangs in public...wese to me a man se bana lun...(YTTH)
Janvi
Its not what women want anymore... its more of advertisements and praising kareena

U said u read all the comments...if u read my too..then reply ...waiting for kangana ranaut in ur show ....

When r u going to invite kangana ranaut in ur show...eagerly waiting to have kangana ranaut bollywood ki sherni on ur show

Kareena is a very pathetic host...bche paida kro bs..wahi is se suit krta hai...

Kareena really needs to learn how to respond to her guests&#39; answers. Listening doesn&#39;t come easily to her, it seems.

Whats this weired laugh ..kareena!!!!!

Kareena is a bekaaarrrrrr interviwer 
Why kareena need to give such artificial cheap laughter

Ah ha ha ha ha her laugh
lol

Kareena b like what to do for money 
Kareena is the WORST interviewer

Airheads, the lot of them! Can´t believe that people are praising Jhanvi. Judging from how she said somebody at the back was directing her to speak in Hindi, it just becomes clear what a heavy PR-machinery these new kids have behind them to carefully manufacture an image. There´s absolutely nothing humble about them or anything genuine. For one, Jhanvi has changed her face dramatically at a young age. Sad for her, the clips from Karishma´s wedding show her real face and it´s a true shame that people like her now pretend like they´re the epitome of humility and genuineness. There´s also several clips from old award shows where you can see her real face and colour. Too sad that she seems so ashamed of it that she got her face done at a tender age when the body and features are still developing. These people are no role-models in any way at all. All they do is to get easy work while their dads sleep around with the girls who don´t have a guardian in the industry (and guys apparently!). You see them prancing around everyday in minimal clothes outside gyms, only honing their body and never their brain. They have absolutely no other goal than to become famous, and to rule over the poor or middle-class masses by PRETENDING to be normal. They have PR-people, PR agencies and a whole style crew to give them media training in what to say to SEEM normal. Joote maar maar ke inn loogon ko nikaalna chahiye! Predators and their privileged serpent kids!

Please type Damaru Kathak Kendra and watch my dance tribute  to Sridevi ji.,,️️️️️️️️️️️
Kareena is so weird 

hi jahnvi
Opps!! Guys wake up.. None of you are role model..!! Undoubtedly beautiful entertainers.. Not role model of new generation blah blah.. Just entertainers

Bad choice of guest for genZ. She was truly talking aadam zamane vali types. Kareena seems to be more up with genZ

Jhanvi is such a fun person to watch, very well spoken. And her impression of Kylie was spot on. Love her

Kareena is worst interviewer. period.

She is such a terrible interviewer and so much of attitude and artificial smile 

Kareena is so Fake, she is always like mai and meri har cheez including generation is the best 

no way jahnvi didn’t know what those abbreviations meant huhhh

Jahnavi is my fav
Janhvi is just wooow️️️
Janhvi amazing ️️️
Janhvi ️️️
Huh bored
Why do i feel they&#39;re not very comfortable talking to each other

Why is no one talking about her impression of Kylie Jenner it is good

okay, this is the opposite conversation in comparison with Ananya Pandey. Janhvi, you are super elegant, well spoken and you have a brain clearly that you use. It is phenomenal to watch. Goofd job lady! :) watching kareena kapoor talk literally kills my brain cells.

These exams are for them...
Role model
Fake laughter and fake interview

It is so strange that I am speaking, Kareena her lips are so annoying
Kareena is speaking like she is an achiever.. She was one of the talented actresses of her generation but she was never no 1 ever

Why am I felling awkward watching Kareena

The way jahnvi answering is amazing️

Kareena always invite star kid she very big promoter of star kid. Only her son and her dog left for interview....

This show should ban because they are olny promoting fucking star kids

Arrey Kareena kept being bitchy with female co-stars of her generation and doing these talk shows now. But, look at Priyanka Chopra, whom Kareena tried A LOT to muscle down, is climbing greater heights without being bitchy or negative! She&#39;s creating a whole red carpet for the younger generation!! It was high time somebody told this to you Kareena!

I will also come to your show
So much irritated.

This was so awkward... I am experiencing second hand embarrassment

What women want and what privileged celebs want .. there&#39;s a vast difference to that. So none of this bullshit is going to fool or entertain commoners 



Two dumbheads praising each other 

Believe they don’t know what’s the right way to use AirPods.Using like illiterate

1.23 Coming from family of actorsBut Sonam kapoorJhanvi kapooor need to hone their acting and dance skills

You should go for Method acting and hindi communication skills classes before going for Bihari diction classesLol

<a href="">

I don&#39;t find kareena much preety. I don&#39;t know why she is so proud of her looks. Nothing special

Its just full of advertisements and 0 interesting conversation

<a href="">

Could not watch more than 2 minutes!

Kareena is supppeerrr awkward!!!!

So awkward

Why is kareena laughing like that??? 

Damn im an international fan and i must say kareena is one of the most beautiful very talented and skilled bollywood actresses who is really well recognised but all I see here is hate comments from indians, stop hating on this woman for god&#39;s sake !

For all those who say oh wow Jhanvi is so simple, nice, kind, bro give me a break, anyone can be nice for 15 min interview, nobody knows how they are, i think these hypocrite nepo-kids are all same.

She is not a role model to today&#39;s youth.

Please mera naam lo mam

Jhanvi is so beautiful

This is the fakest host ever! In the history of talk shows !

Kareena was giving rookha reaction to her as she is the prime compitetion to sara Ali Khan. Stupid arrogant lady Kareena.

A Bollywood kid that speaks hindi naturally????? Like waaaaa???? Im shookThats why I love Jhaanvi over alot of these firang types! Just like Sridevi

Kareena is so awkward and weird in this interview 

Kareena such a dummy in this.... omg...Faking it like she is on a gunpoint

Kareena is just reading the questions and least interested in the answer.

Janvi is really a cute Bby...

<a href="">

Kareena kapoors overacting laugh

Kepp scraching each others back... Mutual admiration society

She had awkward moments and laugh because her subject was Genzi and Janvie was complete opposite of it. Haha so laid back. Hahah she doesn&#39;t text

<a href="">

<a href="">

<a href="">

Jahnvi seems very natural and relatable

I think she&#39;s not at all interested in hosting carry minati more than jhanvi

Jahnvi speaks very eloquently.. she doesn’t use fillers like, “like” “y’know” way other bollywooders use it.. shows how well read &amp; educated she is!

Kareena looks so fake!!
What women really want is a definite change of this outright silly host.

Super flop Janhvi kapoor Career khatam se pehle kuch pr stunt

When did janvi kapoor became the face of youth? When did that happened?

Yei aunty ho gaye h ab
This video has turned out to be so cringy!! Kareena just isn&#39;t interested - I couldn&#39;t even finish the video because of her awkward responses and weird facial expressions. On the other hand Jhanvi seems so nice and refreshingly normal, not pretentious...

Janvi is very sweet &amp; Honest with her answer..that&#39;s cute

Why people r mad towards Kylie Jenner??

dont roll your eye , Crazy women when she is giving answers atleast

ehhhh how is it fake?
<a href="">4:12</a> Karan ke Do Anmol Ratan (Kareena's face )
Johar watching this and telling to Kareena: Le beti betiiiiiii....Tam toh bade heavy interviewer ho bhai.

love youe karina from morocco🇲🇦🇲🇦🇲🇦🇲🇦🇲🇦
Bakwassssssss

Janhvi is so sweet and I think she is down to earth  not like other star kids

Whose role model is Janhvi brother?
Introduction part: Jhanvi kapoor.. youth actress &quot;role model&quot;.Actress  LOLRole Model  LOLSharam bhe nhe aati.. kuch bhe bolti hai.. pagal

Hindi I said yrr
Kareena you are glowing but your anchoring is horrible. Your fake smile and after one minute &quot;oh god&quot; is really awkward

When two  fake and overacting girls met  first time .

Support Farmers

bhkk they have just hatched from the egg. Learn acting first. Why don't you watch TV today?
Kareena looking like babble babble
Jahnvi is mature and classy and speak confidently than Sonam Kapoor . Sonam spoken skill is childish and irritating

Why is Kareena so awkward

kareena sounds so bored n fake. She is a good actor but she isn&#39;t the best host :/

I disliked coz the host made it very awkward..

Pl invite Radhika Madan
Why is this girl soo ugly?

Jahanvi  is natural and beautiful

1.10 This is our role model nahi ho shakti mam. Our role model is Sushant
Bycott nepotism please

Ye log itna dumb sound karte hai like genuine dumb

Kylie Jenner is looking more like Lana Rhoades
How is Jhanvi a role model? Acting in movies make you a role model?

She is not role model at all for anyone.

Roll model to today&#39;s youth!! Are u joking me bebo???

Kylie never speaks like this REALLY!

She’s always laughing awkwardly and she just says yess ofcourse obviously ikr .....that’s it...she just get it done always not listen to the people and understands!

There&#39;s something about this Jahnvi that is soo annoying. Her face annoys me

Kareena is earning even on maternity leave,lucky.

Overacting shop
Jahanvi role model  h?
OMG how likes is more than dislikes 

Role model
What&#39;s wrong with Kareena?? honestly are u okay Kareena ma&#39;am?

Kareena batayegi what women want

Iske office main bohot maccher hai 

Stop critising kareena..beacoz u never do anything like her...She is the best

You so cuteee karrena its power of india filmi industies

I really like Jhanvi, she seems so sweet and down to earth

Jahnvi voice like her mother

She shud learn how to a knowledge person from simi garewal.

Love you Kareena mam you are so beautiful  love from rajasthan

I want to clear that jahnvi is no icon

Wtf kareena 

Hahahahaha... I Love The Way Kareena Laughs As She Hides WTF 

Janhvi needs some energy drink. She looks beautiful obviously but her energy is too low. I mean hallo you&#39;re talking to KKK. At least seem like you&#39;re interested

Boycott Boycottt Karina kapoor Boycottt Boycottt this ChOORAIL

Karina kapoor is Choorail  line up

Nepo wth nepo
Kareena Kapoor Khan looks so Beautiful ️
Kareena actually has one of biggest attitude!  She always think herself above everyone.... And she wants all the attention.  I had also seen her interview with Priyanka chopra on coffee with Karan...... She actually make people really uncomfortable

I must say jhanvi is more well mannered and sweet than other star kidsAnd she is so hard working alsoLike i have seen her movie and she did good acting

Kareena looks like an inflated gym bag

They are giving training to children to become prostitutes.. These people are shameful...
Kareena is egoistic type, sushmeeta, kangana, they are nice and sweet actresses.

Why are both their AirPods sticking out??!!???

Now Kareena Pramod Kar Rahi hai star kid's ko
Jhanvi looks stunning ️️,but my question is why kareena is talking like this ?? what is wrong with her She is soo wierd dam,

All the people saying kareena isn&#39;t interested...can&#39;t u people see...she is pregnant...and might be uncomfortable with something...what has this society come down to....they like to joke about everything....sad

Why did Janvi study in acting class?  Kylie Jenner's study...
I think karina moti ho rhi h 

Kareena mam..you are looking <a href="">fab.in</a> this hair style 

It looks like she is acting. Omg kareena. I never expected it. Jhanvi looks natural

Kareena is a very bad host.. Please change it some good actress

Waste of time ...from Kareena side

Cringe worthy episode .
why does kareena look sooo awkward she&#39;s making me feel awks

Kareena ki fake laughing yuuukh

Boring

I don’t get why they talk in English when am sure all the American or British don’t watch there show ....

Role model huh..cumon there are far far better people to be the role model for the youth..

Janhvi is the role model for youth? I mean really??

Janhvi&#39;s voice is very much like sridevi ji

Absolutely love Kareena!! But definitely not getting the “ welcoming host” vibe from her️.

Jhanvi ️️️️
Kareena is like really jealous of the new actresses i feel. She feels she is over everyone. 

I never knew i would say that. Bt m a 90s kid yet i don&#39;t get this generation, it&#39;s lingo, and attachment to social media is very stressful. I feel too old infront of late 20s ppl.So, in short i agree with kareena

She actually acted like kylie 

Great

Appreciate your work... Dedication.... Kareena mam you are ideal for me  .....
Sorry but she is the worst interviewer - doesn’t come across interested or engaged at all. Soooo dead and unenthusiastic, the most pointless responses and reactions. It’s hard to watch and I had to stop 5 mins in.

Kareena like really....some other actree should be there...otherwise karishma

Pls call Gauri Khan.....

She isn&#39;t role model of today&#39;s youths let me correct you mrs ..

According to kareena jhanvi,23 is an teenage icon  <a href="">#teenage</a>

Just blaaahhh
You are listening at 100.3 megahertz.. my dear friend... it's so slow... Vividh Bharti yaad dila diya
It&#39;s not Jahnvi&#39;s fault that she is Sridevi&#39;s daughter.  She is working hard. She is quite good at acting . She is very sweet and humble . She us honest . She is beautiful for sure. So please don&#39;t troll her without any reason.

She went to vegas saying she&#39;s going for a movie! Whaaaat?? Ohk, rich people things i guess. 

My. Favorite. Jhanvi. Kapoor

Role model to today&#39;s youth...‍️
I love this  show

Why do i have a feeling there is no screen in front of kareena but she is told to look  there like as if she is talking to janhvi face to face? Maybe  that&#39;s why she looks awkward.

Happiness family too

Didi, why do you know how fake it is?
Is that her real laugh or is it fake 

Jhanvi kapoor a role model for youth??? What is the truth??
Janhviji, you should act in South Indian languages like Malayalam and Tamil like your mom to make your acting skills strong

South Indian upbringing by Srideviji

Jhanvi is just a ppl person

Perfect domesticated and professional balance example is only Karina...️and janhvi I want to see u more high so please sharp your acting skills.    ..u don&#39;t have now skills .. please do it ...we want u to shine high

I am also a Virgo I so get Kkk

Terrible attitude and facial expression!! If people cannot relate to them while they speak, it become difficult to appreciate them, yet they are top paid individuals. Sad

So not Kylie jenner
Nepo products


How calming she is... So polite kitni achhe se baat kar rahi hai jhanvi she remind me shree mam... Love u Jhanvi stay happy we love u  what u are 

Which airpods are they using, airpods 2 or airpods pro?

He bhagwan Kareena ki hasiii . This awkward 

Kareena be like - a a ha omg 
Kareena smile is so awkward seems like she doesn&#39;t want to laugh but she had to LOL

Janvi is just like me i am sry to say this but i am feeling as if i am hearing myself 

So  sweet  of u bobbo

Better to speak in hindi bcuz we are bollywood not hollywood.. its a suggestion not demand.. good luck bebo 

Ok But that kylie accent was quite good

I love kareena kapoor but but but she sucks at hosting shows

Oh my dear Kareena pls don&#39;t read so directly from the script/teleprompter darling you&#39;re an actress pls be a lil more natural. Your straight line readings and giggles really kill the mood of it.

Why Kareena always doing overreacting? Sometime its just disgusting.

Janvi is quite humble. Nice to see this.

Conversation of two nepo kids.

Kareena has ZERO personality, it literally looks like someone has forced her to do this show and she’s reading everything from a teleprompter. It’s so cringe and annoying to watch, she can’t even PRETEND to be interested in interviewing the person. I guess money talks when it comes to Kareena and that’s all she cares about.

I&#39;m impressed with Janhvi&#39;s hindi. Great to see her not just stuck to speaking in English

Oh My God! expressions, wierd accents &amp; laughs, mindless questions &amp; answers. She says in the end, another great conversation with what women want...Really?

Kareena ???I have started looking at you
Kareena baby pain saho. cry less
We love aishwarya rai bachan
Kareena is kind of irritation

Very bad Kylie jenner accent try Omg..why indians try to copy American or British accent. N they evn feel cool abt it... That&#39;s worst Just b authentic n cool. I like her hindi accent.. That was atleast not fake!

Kareena seems like she was asked to babysit jahnvi and she&#39;s asking her questions to pass time

Kareena, your shop is very good but you are pregnant, you are also doing less work, I am thinking of you.
She went for a sleepover  and covering up with roaming Samaz rahe ho na

I hate Kareena after she had given that dating advice not to date SSR to sara with that yuck expression....such a spoil brat....I really fell slapping her...

Jk look impressive here &#39;ILH&#39;

Not interested a bit in Bollywood till Sushant Singh Rajput doesn&#39;t get Justice..

Role model????) 
Who&#39;s M jahnvi mentioned...?

She sounded tired, bored and old.

Once again  star kids interviewing star kids. I&#39;m surprised Kareena didn&#39;t fall asleep midway!!  I  think she&#39;s used to chatting with adults like Mallika A Khan on gossip, motherhood, marriage  etc Here, it&#39;s like &quot;what do I ask this youngster?&quot; Lol. Jahnvi is so sweet by the way.

Childish,annoying and irritating English accent

I hate bollywood and everything related to it, though I love how Jhanvi talks and raves about her sister. She must love her a lot.

That was THE MOST AWKWARD  interview I&#39;ve ever seen. Kareena&#39;s responses and laughter was soo fake!!

Who told this cute Kareena that she has the wisdom of 40 years?
Gen Z in Bollywood means nepotism. Everyone is logged in at home, talking on the phone, why are you bored on YouTube?
You guys do realise that they&#39;re on an audio call right? The screen&#39;s edited. How would kareena look at a person who&#39;s not there?! She&#39;s not uninterested.

I really like jhanvi these days. At first, a lot of people thought she was a brat but she has actually blossomed into a woman.

She got the grace and elegance of her mother 

She is so honest

All of you who were shoutinf nepotism for ssr, look what you are watching today? You are the ones watching these guys and increasing their value. SO IF you are one of those who screams nepotism, dont ve obssessed with nepo kids and stop watching their movies and interviews

Role model to today&#39;s youth 
Look at kareena she&#39;s so fake
Ugh this shit ended up in my feed and then automatically played...the despertion of their pr forcing this bollycrap on us lmfao

Jhanvi ,a joker!!
Janvi is so beautiful ya

You are making fun of Hindi....duffers have not even passed 10th.
Are anyone in USA choosing us....usi country's log lg re h#
How much progress is our country making?
Ufff kareena ️️️️️️
Role model what a joke

Abey its MUMBAI duffers NOT BOMBAY

Whose role model is Jahnvi Kapoor

Kareena is so annoying.... Aunty is trying to act  and laugh like a teenager.

Kareena doesn&#39;t seem interested at all 

Janhvi fans hit like, she is so normal, genuine and graceful  not like overacting know it all sara and struggling ananya. She&#39;s unique 

very surprising i kinda like how she is evolving definitely more than Kareena

Before talking bad about Kareena guys she is pregnant  stop

I don&#39;t know why Sridevi&#39;s sweet and humble daughter should get any hate at all. And once kangana gets married and has a kid, I want to see how the nepo haters react. Of course star kids have privilege. Bcoz someone in their family has worked hard and made it and that advantage of money and connection goes to the next generation!But this mindless hate is too much.

Kareena is looking so so beautiful. That dewy makeup love it.

Abe gadhi kareena se thodi acting skills hi sikh le ...hamara time toh barbaad nhi hoga tri movies m ..ek hi expression m puri film kr leti h ...no one is interested in ur dating strategy even not  kareena mam v wo toh bs peso ki vjh se bethi h 

Kareena is so weird . Karan Johar and some of his groupies might be using Kareena Kapoor&#39;s &quot;slang&quot; but India is definitely not using her slang.

Kareena Kapoor looks very Fat, y?

Y kareena is acting so fake..

<a href="">10:30</a> that awkward laugh of kareena 

These people are dressed good and talk good infront of camera. Behind the scenes rapes,murder and all tragedy. JusticeForSSR.

What is all this?
Role model Are na tumko acting ati h n usko...Chutiya bnana band krdo

Kareena... At least acknowledge the other person sometime atleast... Specially when it&#39;s ur show.

Fucking talk ....don&#39;t see this video..first ignore it and concentrate your own work

I am here because of ad and that thumbnail

The reason your parents tell you to study and not make a fool out of yourself. Both of them are dumb and so darn annoying! Pointless interview. Boycott’ was the only term I liked in there.Kareena’s hyena liked laugh made me feel like slapping her!!!

kareena is so boring she doesnt even respect the person being  a host

why is she so fake?

Rubbish content and host,,

Jhanvi is very humble and polite young girl.. also i bear respect for kareena bcoz to work,sit and interrogate people constantly with such conditions(cramps mood swings retakes shoots makeup baby pressure)is really a big thing.. so instead of trolling her we should appreciate that like many other women she too is doing her job with baby bump️

Janhvi is such a genuine and honest person.

Wowwwww very inspired by both of u 

What’s that fake smile Kareena..aaahhhhaaa

Bollywood is obsessed with the Jenner&#39;s nd Kardashian

Why is she even doing it she is not at all interested 

Lol kareena is faking it  jahnvi stop being so pretentious n annoying 

She and her fake smile 

Kareena makes me cringe so hard.
Karee a thinking jhanvi bhi star hey ... that awkward smole

Kareena is a witch

Ye wahi aunty hai na ki jsne tha &quot;I told you to watch my movie, you will come and watch it yourself&quot; Aunty ji's expenses are not going on, that's why she also came on YouTube...
Who r they.....

These are only things these ppl can teach and talk about!! Illiterates

Jhanvi, you don&#39;t have to wear a new cloth for gym every time!! It&#39;s not environmental friendly. So, please repeat your clothes and make world realise what&#39;s right thing to do.

Please do not make the show if u r not interested. It makes audience sick.

Kareenas conversations always revolves around I me myself.most overrated actress.

Kareena is so disinterested in this interview

Curse on Kapoor and khan khandaan 
Discomfort n awkwardness all around coz of kareena

&quot;Where is my sister!&quot; lol
That strange laugh through lol 

Jhanvi seems to be an honest and non-pretentious person.

Kareena looks so disconnected. Jhanvi has no depth !
Jhanvi sure is a nepo product but sridevi did a fine job of raising a normal nepo kid who gives normal answer and talks in Hindi without accent and is actually fond of cooking 

M impressed with her hindi Even though she is a starkid, she accepts her privilege and is ready to even work harder. I love her 

stupid conversation stupid show

I don’t get it why Indian actresses need to copy Hollywood gestures so much..Seems they do wanna do Bollywood movies BUT don’t wanna accept or have those pretty Indian gestures BUT want the Indian audiences to accept ‘em as Bollywood actress. NOT FAIR Gals.

Sounding very intelligent jahnvi
What a boring convo. Both seem uninterested

Can anyone change the host she doesn’t know how to take interview . She can’t wait other person answer

Kareena 90 % invited those who belong to her family and friend circle. This program only for star kid . She is only promoting star kids . I don’t like this show.

Janvi is love ️

This Jhanvi is such a flop

Kareena looks chubby and cute here..

I have seen some interviews of jhanvi ,she is a humble and well mannered ,but she is definitely not a role model

This world is crazy
Wowwww Kareena is looking soooo bueatyful.. her cheekss

Kareena always looks disinterested and is rude in every video...  Even with readymade lines to read she still struggles, pointless show!

Janvi is sucha good speaker. She should not waste her talent in acting line (at which she&#39;s really bad) and do something she&#39;s genuinely good at. Just like Twinkle Khanna is a writer. Same goes for Sara. 

I dont know why was kareena acting like a mausi..... And her awkward laughing moments just annoyed me so much..... Time barbaad

Kareena what is the money?
Kareena ’s  legs  took my attention
In your huge fan list I am a needle in your haystack fan

all i see MOOD SWINGS

Ahahaaahaaaa@kareena

Kareena over smart...

Kareena&#39;s laugh after every answer sais it all

What’s wrong with Kareena? She literally blew up 

Why don&#39;t u call aishwarya rai bacchan on the show

Honestly I like Jahnavi she is so soft spoken

Kareena you have the most beautiful smile I love all your expressions the most beautiful and confident person in 40 &#39;s I have learnt this ..... every time I see you...

Nyc

January 2021 : I really liked Jahanavi&#39;s opinion !

Is it English speaking show? Just wondering..  can&#39;t she talk continuously for 5 mins in hindi...  Shame on u Kareena..

Not interested plz stop posting videos shame on u both
<a href="">4:59</a>,<a href="">5:04</a>

Yar do it in hindi or urdu so everyone can enjoy

<a href="">1:18</a> moti She looks so99ooo fattt aur dusro ko bolti hai 

kareena so beautifull always

Kareena is pregnant and looks super hot! Perfect attire  And  love the interview , her looks and the guest! Keep rocking and ignore bitchy comments! Love

Role model janhvi kapoor 
I really like Jaahnvi kapoor. I have seen most of her interviews. She is humble, aware and kind.But Role model ??? Seriously  Please mention just as actor/actress.Don’t put them on pedestal and ride high.Role model - done movies that’s all - nothing more than that.

I love janvi kareena she&#39;s disgusting 
I m not sure but I realise from some of comments this episode was like disinterest of kareena

Hello sweet heart jaan I will soon there shortly.....

Cute Jhanvi nd kareena ️️
Janhvi may not be that good of an actor but she looks like a good person. Her responses are calm, graceful and wise for her age. Also she speaks in hindi whereas many actors don&#39;t even talk in hindi. Its a good thing to see her promoting our mother toungue.

Jhanvi Kapoor is “role model for today’s youth”?

this was so awkward

These people and ROLE MODEL doesn&#39;t match

Kareena take rest.....paise ke mat itna pagal ho ...sakl dekh....pregnancy  main thoda apna khayal karo

Inka ek conversation Karan k bina nahi hota hai
I love Jaanvi
&quot;role model to today&#39;s youth&quot;OKAAYYYY BEBOOOO

Kareena is so so so so so irritating man 

How sweetly. She said that I am the only one who knows how much I have done…
Nepo products...fake English accent.

What an intellectual conversation .. what a struggle..

Wat bullshit she talk ..janvi is a youth icon... These bollywood people can never b any body icon...drug addictors...charsi  people

Janhvi  is  so  mature  and  seems  educated

I think janvi r right  about social media 
️janvi
I have seen Saif ji's Tandav.. I liked it a lot.. I like his acting a lot.. I will wait for the next part.. I have learned that after this I will read a lot more galis.. Because we also know. She is doing Tandav
I like janvi... She looks so genuine about her answers.. But kareena doesn&#39;t look attentive as it seems she is not interested in her answers.

Puri kylie lgi mujhe to

Jhanvi is looking pretty anyway 

When will Carryminati's interview come?
Kareena seems to be bored and she refrains from yawning

Awkward

Most boring ever

Both are previleged by birth.Can&#39;t be role model to anyone.

Katrina Kaif should take over this showWill be good Host and listener While Kareena ji should focus on her pregnancy and child for a while.

Bebo you very very very gogorues gril Jan you very very very beautiful cute love you 
Kareena Kapoor is a mother 
Role model to todays youth             &quot; GHANTA&quot;
Very dull interview. And meaningless questions..

Here Kareena and janhvi I think can’t see each other this more like a voice call you can see both have air pods so basically they are talking to each other over the call and not like video call thats why there is is no co ordination between both ....I don’t know the purpose behind it maybe cause Kareena was just shooting from home due to medical reasons .....but clearly you can see that the video of janhvi which has been put on Kareenas screen isn’t real ....they have probably tried to merge both videos together to look like there actually doing video chat but it didn’t come out well .....you can make out through Kareena’s expressions she doesn’t know where to look she doesn’t even know how to react and just gives that awkward laugh in between that’s why the videos seems weird ....just my opinion I may be wrong

If you are thinking Kareena is disinterested in the video then take it as a same when you are distracted in the class. Not in all your classes you was a good student. Why you are taking her class?? Chill!!!

Janvi is one of the most dum actress in Bollywood history.

Could there be any interviewer more uninterested than her? NO

I want to point out only kareena more than than this show.. How can i explain my love to you..

<a href="">#Boycottt</a> her

I don&#39;t lik Karena

laughter sound wicked

jhanvi is so sweet..

Kareena is not doing very well on her show  that laugh

Kareena absolutely cute

Ofter shushan I hate all Bollywood actresses

kareena beauty

She&#39;s got a really boring personality

Stopped watching at &quot;rOle moDel&quot;

I think because sara and Jhanvi ka comparison hota hai isliye kareena being so disinterested in her... Loved Jhanvi ️

What the wrong with this kareena she sound so fake even her laugh, and she look so uncomfortable and ugly.

Why is there so much hate in the comments? Because of Jhanvi or Kareena?

<a href="">

Dislike thoko! Wtf is Kareena doing bruh 

Why kareena not interested in janavi

Kareena&#39;s face looks little bit different

Fake laugh by Kareena

Why did this woman ask so much?
Instead of jhanvi it’s January in the subtitles 

Guys seriously stop criticising this video so much! I&#39;m tired of liking all the comments

Love u Bebo...great to see u!

I like mujhe kuch khana h wali kareena
Why did Kareena say that?
Kareena says.....She’s is role model of Today’s Youth......<a href="">#FuckTheseDuffers</a>

Kareena says.....She’s is role model of Today’s Youth......<a href="">#FuckTheseDuffers</a>

Who said she’s.....role model of Today’s Youth

“RIGHT, OFFCOURSE,OH MY GOD “  the only replies from Kareena for every guest every question

This girl is so calm and mature I liked her.

Nepotism ki bhasha

What the hell. Why she is taking the interview if she is not interested at all! 

not a good honest,we need pinkvilla guy fr dz

What is this foolish artificial kareena doing

Boycotted bollywood forever....

Funny reading all the comments for KareenaMost flop show of the year

Role model 
What kind of useless fake laugh was that mhen this woman is not a good host its so obvious as if she is being told what to do nd say the worst is that fake very fake hypocritical laugh its so disgusting madam da nyong ufuok afo ke tie mbok so horible

Two witches of bollywood

pathetic host. how come this is what women want. this is what these good for nothing girls

Bakwaaaaas, Karan is very important for us.
how fake kareena is.

Throughout the video Kareena Kapoor was like....Aa hahahahahaha...........

I think they should change the host

Dude she is pregnant..she is keeping a happy face thst is only big thing

Role model for today&#39;s youth...my foot
Crap

Leave this platform for common people to reach your shoe

We do not wanna she nepo kid any more anywhere. She is not inspiring anymore. Kareena you are letting us down with such content for your fans

Kareena&#39;s accent is so unreal, annoying, awkward, awful, in fact, this is true about most of the actresses :D Jhanvi is so natural.Additionally, it gives me strange yuck feeling how they pronounce the &quot;t&quot; letter in their talk, it&#39;s a mixture or &quot;t&quot; and &quot;ch&quot;. I don&#39;t know what&#39;s that... Never heard such accents anywhere outside india. Indians do not follow their own accents too. Don&#39;t know what they are doing.

Stay blessed janvi

Jahnvi is love. Really like how calm and poised she is and the way she speaks ️️️️

jhanvi kapoor looked beautiful.She has a long way to go..

Role model?? Seriously??
Kareena is looking like Jennifer Coolidge.the American pie mom

Watched only for janvi ️️️️️
I think Kareena was a little unwell that day. It is normal to happen during pregnancy.

Very bad kareena 

She aced kylie’s accent like omg !  I’m shook !!

bebo is not at all intrested

Her accent game is so on point 

When her guests shoot the breeze, Kareena&#39;s pea-size brain takes a trip to Gstaad. It only returns when someone says, Bye.

I felt second hand embarrassment for both of them. Just stop.

Everyone is like she looks uncomfortable, her way of speaking is fake bla blaa...She&#39;s in pregnancy state and in last days, so try to appreciate that she is actively working on that situation..on last days of pregnancy girls usually have fast heat beat and rapid speed of breathe ...I know its not compulsory for her to do this segment but If she&#39;s doing regardless of anything then it shoul b appreciated...and I&#39;m not her fan but what right is right and what wrong is wrong

Kareena looks so beautiful with those swollen cheeks ️,why chubby girls look so gorgeous than the skinny ones 

Kareena is not at all interested 

Luv for jhanvi
This looks weird Kareena is so far away! I never  seen interview so far away

Janhvi is very Elegant! 

Janhviii️️️️
Kareena looks so constipated

the fake laughters lol 

What happened to &#39;nepotism&#39;, nation against nepotism, nation wants justice for Sushant? Few months back the nation wanted to make x video the most liked, y video the most hated video on YouTube etc? And the big talks &#39;we won&#39;t watch any of their movies, videos etc?

Gen Z **learnt something new

Kareena is looking stunning

What can I say??...we are to blame for creating such monsters to appear on our screens. Both women are fake and are obsessed with celebs overseas! Both self obsessed and think highly of themselves...not humble or real at all. Time to ignore these bimbos and boycott I  think. 

kareena is  NOT INTERESTED  at all.........atleast respect  the GUEST......LOVED JAHNVI

Eeeuuuuuu.... shut up she is not our icon or roll model.....

Kareena seems not intrestedshe is a bad host..imagine kangana doing it 

Jahnvi&#39;s voice has that hint of Sridevi&#39;s. <a href="">#nostalgic</a>

Janhavi is sweet girl
Jhanvi
Hence it proved she is a call girl

Kareena is such a poor host !! I feel bad for jahnvi

1.05 role model of today&#39;s youth.... &#39;seriously&#39; kuch bhi 

softness
I like jhanvi more than Sara.

I like how relaxed and relatable she is..nothing fake inside her..simple n sweetheart ️

Love to see you dear kareena

If you guys want to get someone of what GenZ women wants, then pls ensure proper representation. Not someone from a filmy background alone

I love kareena but she  will give her complete self when she is talking.. lekin baki Time she seems uninterested . This makes the complete show monotonous.

Could you please explain how she is a role model !!

Kareena was not at all interested in convo

Such a flop ep too boring 

Omg...kareena should quit hosting...terrible, unskilled and totally putting off

Carryminati
Two useless people discussing useless content....

Here also nepotism, nonsense
Kareena us a very awkward women

That’s called Workaholic, it’s you dedo

Jahnvi kapoor the teenager&#39;s icon... 

Janvi having echoing her body ? I mean khujli

Idk why people still support these druggies people..

Stickers for emojis 
Jhanvi is so stunning than kareena

Karina mam ap plz slim hojao because we are missing ur old one

My fav Jhanvi ️
Are these full episodes??

Sri devi jee would be proud of her she has grown to be an exquisite woman and very well mannered

In front of young Kareena Kapoor even Kylie Jenner is flop...

what is this ?    why are they acting like kimkadishian ??????   they  will marry sleazy old bollywood mafia 

Kareena was feeling awkward because janhvi&#39;s answers were so normal and she didn&#39;t got any mirch-masala from it.. Just what KJO does 

Kareena looks like a snow ball ..

Kareena is around 8 months preg and around this time one gets exhausted.... She has a toddler to take care of plus the time it takes to travel for shooting and then learning lines and all that bts... Give her some slack

Arey Curry - Na .. Bakwass Kar Raha hai.... Faltoo Ka show...Sab unke dost aur parivar ko bula Leti hai......Jhanvi Nose job, Why some people like plastic ?Look at Curry - Na expressions at <a href="">3:25</a>.. Inside her mind, shes telling,jhanvi Kitna phekti hai 

Kareena is very sub- consciously trying to hint the audience that shes better than a young jhanvi even today!Eyes dont lie bebe!

what a drama
Janhvi was amazing

Both  so not enjoying at all  Boring episode . Jahnavi not very witty at all !

Initially I used to like Sara and dislike jhanvi but now jhanvi proved me wrong She’s so good and is also a better actor than Sara mad even talks so well

WTH!!! Why is Kareena so awkward with Jaanvi???

Kareena puts somuch fake accent with funny expressions very  fake talk...

Kareena’s fake laugh giving me K3G vibes

Role model to d youth  comedy show going on

Kareena is literally worse than worst.....she is too superficial

Janhvi so cute
She is not a role model for youth ....spare us !!

I still don&#39;t think I&#39;ve got it all ..Wut ?!

I love that Jhanvi was speaking Hindi in this interview. I wish more Bollywood interviews were in Hindi

What has janvi done to be a role model to today&#39;s youth?

For everyone who thinks kareena is disinterested or rude, guys she is pregnant and it&#39;s probably because of hormones.

May be bebo is not well because of her pregnancy...... that&#39;s why she seems disinterested

Love love love Janhvi
Love love love Janhvi
Wow

Two dumbos
Super Kareena,I really really loved it and I must say I am your biggest fan,I like the way you carry yourself with such confidence.

Kareena is doing this just for money otherwise she&#39;s not interested.

Kareena you&#39;re cute...
Bakvas

Janbee Kapoor is youth icon only for taimurrrrrrriiiiiiiii.

Kareena fake smile this whole chat with jhanvi

A lot of ppl r saying things like Kareenas disinterested in the video, she is PREGNANT, give her some slack

Janvi is the best

I'm golden
Alia ko bolaw

Kareena hot h

Why kareena has become janice(F.R.I.E.N.D.S)..That goat laugh

Please invite Katrina

Amazing answers

I loved jhanavi question actually asking a question to a senior regarding work and not a dumb question like about taimur or saif or her make up‍️

Kareena is least interested!!! It looks like she doesn’t  feel that  jhanavi is as hip as other star kids, like ananya or Sara!   Jhanavi seems to be very grounded!!! I like her interaction.

Ye sab kameeni h ekdum... attitude dekho jara in logo ka sushant ko kha gaya ye bollywood.... just bycott these people

Yar want shraddha kapoor here

Her kylie jenner accent is on point and she is throughout speaking hindi naturally not like all other actors like Ananya pandey and sonam Kapoor speaking in English trying to get an accentEdit: this is the highest likes i ever got

Carry ta Episode kab ane wala haii 

Seriously!! She doesn&#39;t sound like Janvi .. American accent.. nailed it

Get rid of Nepotism from Bollywood is as difficult as Kareena pronouncing &quot;Tirupathi&quot;

Just for jhanvi here not for notanki Kk

I love Kareena!

Janhvi ️️️
Janhvi is so down to earth,so simple and sweet, the actor to keep eyes on ️

No hate for Jhanvi but Kareena needs to calm down nor Jhanvi nor Ananya is our role model we prefer not making anyone from bollywood role model specially nowadays.

Why is Kareena treating Jhanvi like Kindergarten kid? Why the dumb eye rolling and all? I&#39;d a major drain drain watching these (PPT) previlaged pretty &quot;things&quot;!  Ugggh..now, I need a nap.

Kareena over acting ki dukan
Kareena is making us uncomfortable in this interview . If she’s not feeling well she should take off . It’s ok for a pregnant women to take time for themselves and not force to prove they can do anything without realizing they aren’t like this interview . We all have good days and bad . She should’ve done this interview on a good day

Beauty queen kareena kapoor 

Kareena seem so least interested haahahahahahah jst look at her 

What Nepo kids want should be the name of the show? Lol

star kids never lost the plot in their nepo interview to manipulate audience ......

Sridevi has been murdered...n these druggies are normal..
Jhanvi is gem
Karan's cake
Total cosmetic surgery actor wd pore skill of acting parche girl

Everyone&#39;s talking about kareena being disinterested .. She is pregnant dude what all things must be goin on with her so many complaints but she managed to run the show with a smile atleast.. Its really hard to be calm at this time mood swings hit on u like hell..

Love Jahnvi️
Women definitely don&#39;t want to know the dating strategy of janvi Kapoor..there r lotttts of another important stuffs as topic. Worthless host

I want Kangna on the show Then there will be a lot of drama 

how is she a role model for today&#39;s youth?! kuch bhi??

Jahnvi She&#39;s pretty, charming, both are my favorite jahnvi ur sooooooooo Beautyfulllll 
this is one of the dullest interviews. Kareena looks absolutely uncomfortable and disinterested. janhvi is good but kareena seems like she is just dragging the interview and just giving some awkwards reactions like aaw and haaa . too boring

JUSTICE FOR SSR 
bebology  =  cringeology

Ohoo ohho look who&#39;s talking about hard work...

Janhvi u r looking beautiful
All I heard was Generation Generation and Generation

Well..... Hopefully NCB team will crack your shortcut mall words....

Nepo drainage my foot
Hats off to maam working during pregnancy also

Kareenas fake laugh is on point

<a href="">6:15</a> The only moment that&#39;s not fake in this entire video

Janhvi has much more substance than that chunky pandey’s daughter, forgot the name. She has evolved into a beautiful elegant swan ️

&quot;&quot;Role model to today&#39;s youth&quot;&quot;...hahaaahaa..

Bebo 
Kareena dear you need good rest your face is just so puffed up..

Two beautiful women

Quite dumb
can you interview Aditya Roy Kapur?
Jahnvi is the best Star Kid of all 

Jhanvis nose is really weird especially her nostrils are too big.

Kareen is one of my favourites but why she is looking so chubby

This is a talkshow for advertisement

Kareena ji you are very beautiful  plz invite to Rani Mukherjee 
Is it only me who thinks that Jhanvi&#39;s accent is so alike to Sonam&#39;s?!! 

Kareena never really acknowledges other person’s answer.. It seems like she’s just waiting for them to get done with their answer so she can ask another question. She’s not a good listener.

Role model hum sb ke kiye...country solder.. Hai

Ye sb audience ke liye laudnde and loundiya....

Role model mt was
Surnames nepotism rocks without any talent

Show full of nepotism gangs

How come jahnvi is a role model to today&#39;s YOUTH.... Kya ukhada h unhone??

I feel your make up, hair dresser and outfit designer are fabulous. You always have the best looks due to them and I appreciate your choice for that. There are few more actresses who are really very pretty but due to lack of choice of these people in their lives they do not look pretty much and updated.

Janhvi is so well spoken person ️

She&#39;s constantly looking at another screen to read her questions, so obvious! Her one word answers &quot;oh God, or oh my God&quot; are very irritating. And the fake laugh. Janhvi seems sweet and honest.

Kareena looks like she&#39;s about to fall asleep. She should give up this show

Jahnvii is soo gorgeous!!! I wud lov to date her....
jahan kapoor is better than ananya pandey
Kareena 
Kareena is giving such stupid reaction  Jahnvi has been watching Kareena for 10000 times.
Role model for today&#39;s youth lmfao

Kareena’s attitude in this interview  was about as real as the tooth fairy...unseen and unbelievable.

2 biggest proofs of nepotism 

<a href="">11:40</a> so cute hahahah

She&#39;s discovering her self jhanvi.........Kareena looks pregnancy mood swings but she made it  glowy as usual 

Love u Kareena
Everything is awkward here

He has come for a whole night.
There are so many actresses who can host better than Kareena kapoor. Pls stop overacting Kareena..

The only part Kareena looked comfy was discussing her own shooting matters She&#39;s a great guest but not a too good host ..!!

Karan karan karan...nepo 
It&#39;s scripted. All part of the PR.

Least interested in ghatiya kareena kapoor, showoff productAnd hope janhvi knows that her mothers death was not a accident but a MURDER

Kareena is pregnant leave her ffs she&#39;s working and not sitting at home is something to learn from instead of trolling her for everything

Jhanvi is role model for today&#39;s youth?? I wnt to shoot myself now

Lots of love to ur dedication

Their accent is irritating 

Plz invite Katrina kaif
Why don&#39;t they work in Hollywood??I think they forget they work in Hindi film industry 

Brother, this is so cringe, man. Kareena is like, what do you have to do for your pet?
Kareena is not even listening

Janvi is a bahanji boring but good to see she is being genuine 

Hi kareena mam we want katrina on the show... Plzzz.....

Jhanhvi is definitely very grounded ...

Janvi is so gorgeous

Jhanvi is itching her body again n again.... Machhar honge ....shayd

Why is She hosting if she&#39;s not interested

Over acting. Kareena

I watch videos of kylie and i think Janhvi was good in imitating her accent. And in terms of kareena i think she is pregnant &amp; which results into mood swing. May be her mood wasn’t letting her show much interests  in hosting.

Kareena is looking sooooo gorgeous asual but today i thibg very special because of her pregnancy a natural glow... Big cheeks i like it

Its not what women want.. it&#39;s all about what the Kareena and her filter and her friends want..Stupid portrayal of nepotism kids ..

J kapoor took hindi classes befr stepping into Bollywood.
Kareena’s strange laughter is so annoying.   She looked disinterested in Jahnvi and the interview, is because she was busy staring at herself in the camera, and saying “mein apni favorite hun” 

Please have such an interview of Tanya Maniktala. And janvi is also amazing ️

It’s almost like Kareena thinks she is the smartest and she underestimated Jhanvi. She was a little surprised and awkward with how well J spoke .. lol

Love you Janvi
I think Janvi has some itching problem

I love jhanvis work.she will be a great actress

At a young age,she has experienced the greatest loss any girl can experience  yet seems so matured and balanced..Love you Janvi..may you succeed.Kareena ji,Janvi is much better off and seems more hardworking than you at the same age.I remember you being arrorant,show off and speaking ill of your competitors at her age.Janvi is much more decent and does not speak ill of her competitors.If you have succeeded in the industry,Janvi deserves 1000 times more success than you  have achieved as she seems nice,humble and more hardworking  than you are.

Janvhi is soo cute and she is real and she has no ego. After all she is sre devis daughter, I love her from now on! And kareena is glowing as usual and I’m sure she is having a boy again!

<a href="">3:25</a> what&#39;s that

Janvi is sooooo pretty like her mother 

fake laughing from kareena..

How is she a role model for today&#39;s youth

Kareena was dis intrested in ananya&#39;s and janhvi&#39;s interview maybe because they dated ishaan sahid&#39;s half brother

I love jahanvi she is down to earth and real.

Kareena’s seems so distracted like she wanted to nap instead of sitting through that interview get in to your pjs, satisfy your cravings and enjoy mother hood total chill mode lol

kareena lacking confidence in front of jaanvi

Appreciate janhvi for speaking hindi️
People saying kareena seems disinterested  i don&#39;t think so and if yes  i think because janhvi is speaking hindi

Daughter of greatest actress ever sridevi ji️ janhvi ia such a sweetheart

Wow!!! Janhvi is truly amazing ️

Will love to see more of janhvi️

Janhvi is such a sweetheart

Janhvi is far more better than her contemporaries 

Janvi looks fav
Who said that our role is icon..Faltu ki bawas wala show..Konna fake kroge tum log nahi aati h kya..Fale people
Khadani bullywood's aunty proud 
Kareena&#39;s fake laugh

Jhanvi was very nice sensible n elegant . God bless her with all the wisdom happiness n success

OMG....Kareena looks like a 90 year old! N behave like ones too!

Her english accent is so typical

Aren’t even these two related? On Their paternal side their great-grand father’s were first cousins to each other

so boring

Only watched this episode to watch Janhvi. She’s such a delight to watch!Kareena on the other hand, super facial and totally over her head!Agree with some of the comments; Kareena is totally not interested in Janhvi’s responses. 

What a i q balay qus puch rhay hai..........

Jhanvi is adorable. Thankyou kareena for your show.

Bring Saaara Ali Khan please
From this video I noticed that Janhvi is actually simple, humble and grounded person. Not all star kids are same and they have their own challenges to face.

OMG!!! what a pregnancy glow on Kareena’s face....she is looking so beautiful!!! Seriously

Kareena ka mood off hai

Sridevi must be smiling from heaven by seeing how well-spoken and graceful her daughter has turned out to be, Jhanvi is so sweet and honest, i really like her.

Role model?? Are you f*<b>***</b> serious kareena?
Kareena tried to be super fluent in English &amp; so does everyone comes on this show.. but being Indians why is it so difficult to converse in Hindi...??? So fake!

Since when Kareena has started laughing so annoyingly, that too quite a few times in the interview! 

Common girl ko kitna kuch krna prta hai actor banny k lye orr ye pakoray jesi larki kitna itra rhi hai just bcoz she is star kid

Janvi is a pure soul and that&#39;s why kareena van never ever gonna appreciate that.

Janhvi is so sweet!️

Ehhhh ehhhh ehhhh - kareena

Karina and janvi look beautiful Show is best and karina  too

Why was this so awkward pls

I love Kareena Kapoor and hatsoff her hardworking is an idol n every human should respect her love the glowww️️️️️

Role model to today’s youth ?Y’all have got to be fucking kidding me !

Both are fantabulous, I totally loved their accent

Very sensible and decent answers from jhanvi , for her age she is well spoken

Role model my foot
Seriously? Role models?? Teenage icon?? You can also make money and promote yourself.
Those who watch the video here are giving rise to nepotism... tomorrow only those who use Bollywood will throw it in the dustbin... and then don't say that this is what is happening with me... they are so called liberals. kutte - <a href="">kuttiya.jo</a> yaha akar maje le rahe hai.Justice for SSR.And Jai Shree Raam.
Jahnvi is really elegant. Truly

You should not say publicaly dt sara should not date shushant ( 1 st movie actor ) ever1 has emotion .. and wheneven u try to disturb it that person feels hell .. u r a person wd full of ego . U used to be my fav actress since childhood bt now i dont want to see to at all . If beauty + brain makes a good combo den beauty + heart makes  the best combo .. m a lot smaller dan u still know ki person should not ashame an1 in interview . U r a puublic figure its right  . Try to spread things which makes ppl feels good and not  wasting their sleep for days and days . U r not like a real women bcz women dont disrespct other u love taimur right his sisters also used to love him .  I just say yaakkkkk at u .. be beautiful from heart also plz u need to put creams and lotions  to yr heart yr mind yr feelings so dt it can be clean . U know ppl take facial once a month u should take it everday not to yr face bt to yr heart to make to clean and pure all tym bt all tym what u all do u just. Put on yr face  plz rember 1 thing if u make cry any 1 wd full intension u will also feel that same pain beyond limit once alwz remember

Janhvi kapoor very nice

Fuck you guys..
Love Jahnvi ️
Jhanvi
she has this calm , charming face  though modern face , very peace on her looks , composed and  elegant

I used to be team Sara but after I saw her atrocious acting in Coolie No.1 I feel Jhanvi is much better. She was 100 times better in Gunjan Saxena than Sara has been in any of her movies. Jhanvi will go a long way like her mom.

What is with Kareena and her fake laughter

Kareena try to copy priyanka..she’s competing with her..by this show ..

Another dumb nepotism product promoted by chakka karan johar

Abba she is nt role model...please no false narrative..

Kareena is behaving like Sonia (Mostlysane)

Y kareena is talking lik paagal . Jhanvi is gud. But, again nepotism. I think seniors r helping juniors to get up. But Jhanvi don&#39;t underestimate urself always. Be confident. U shud not say jaise ki maine bahut kuch karliya.... No, show us ur josh. Be confident. Kareena ko dekho uske expression kaise laga rahi hai . Vo soch rahi hogi sara tho best hai. Drugs leti hai. Jail jari hai. Uske saamne tho tu waste hai Jhanvi kapoor . Jokes apart, Jhanvi is really a gud girl but just boost ur confidence

Kareena is being very not in the interview ,like not interested ,laughing weirdly ,&quot;yaaaahh&quot;,haaahaaa&quot;

Call Sara Ali Khan again...
 Abhi bhi boycott ho gha don't worry
Hi kareena , u r super gorgeous ! Love to see u again and again.

Flew  to LA for just a night ? How much does she earn ?

Lovely 
Oh my god.. Do they even exist on this same planet EARTH 

Some kind of maturity

Airpods and a mic !! Clearly not techno gen z

Who&#39;s M ??

I guess kareena put more weight than ladt pregnancy

Jhanvi best
Hi everyone please visit tamang kitchen
role model to today&#39;s youth, what a joke

Quite intelligent
Hindi boll liya karo
Uff Janhvi!! Love you And of course you my Bebo When Janhvi does Kylie Jenner’s voice it’s AMAZING! 
Aise hi shows women ka time waste karte hain aur usse bhi jyada men ka! Seriously the audience is changing. A common man story is more inspirational and informational. Why it was in recommendations?

Are we gonna ignore the fact there is allegations on her dad killing her mother!

Kareen is not disinterested Just casuall

plssssssssssss interview Alia

Janhvi is the only starkid i am ever going to like. You can feel how genuine she is through the screen.

Shri devi junior.. seems like that

What is with the fake kylie accent??

ok in all interviews.... kareena don&#39;t listen host but she is always ready to ask next question

Karena is so artificial &amp; negative vibes in the episode...

Role model my foot 
Maybe here kareena was pregnant (fatness shows on her face)....she seems she is in pain and not a good day to interview anyone...bad luck for Janvi

Kareena secretly agrees nepotism is absolute hell once the interview was done i am sure she threw her airpods away

I want to ask a question kyou Sade ke tumara bab ke Umar sa ?10000000/00// million I want to answer this question demag sa nahe Dil se chayea so please give me your answer.jai hind

Stand close to me, the power of kissing will give you the knowledge of your own self.
Jhanvi very genuine beautiful unlike Ananya Pandey who sounds fake.  Definitely grounded upbringing.

Kareena eating cow beef that&#39;s y becoming thick n healthy fat same on u love Jihadi u r teaching young girl to marry muslim man WTF

Kareena is looking so healthy 

Love jihad this show

Ched waali thaali

Now these are the ones left who didn't get the noble price.
Kareena&#39;s attitude in this particular interview is very off-putting. Whether its her pregnancy, her discomfort really is all over the place. Made Jahnvi, and the audience uncomfortable! FOR SURE!!!

For the first time I really liked what Kareena said, though it&#39;s just one line...:)Our generation really needs to do a little bit more hard work to achieve our goals...

It is super cool to see you working in ur maternity too.. truly an inspiration

Janvi is too humble Nature girl.

Ye bollywood bane hona chahiye, pure indian culture khtm kr de rhi h.
Teenage icon..... Please correct this... Intna bekar intro kabhi ni dekha..<a href="">#down_nepotism</a>

You are talking like a dirty drain, you are talking in such a way that you are showing that you do not know the language of India...when you come here, the public doesn't like you because you are doing drugs...
What’s with Kareena, she looks like a lost lust 

Jhanvi slaying  kylie voice.stay strong
two dynas together
Janvi l love your mom take care yourself and your sister too

Two wast product of nashari Bollywood

Spontaneous and fresh. Older generations - you could learn something from younger generations too 

dislike karo chutiyo..star kids ko avoid karo..jab kuch hota hai to tab bakbak karte rehte ho fir kuch din bad bhul jate ho

Such a crap talk show.  Please do something else.

Why do you have to see these stupid people's eyes? Why are they in ads? Reporting straight away..
These brokers are deleting negative comments. Listen girls, after Sushant we have boycotted you. Run away from here.
<a href="">

Kareena’s laugh sounds fake. She seems disinterested and it is not helping this interview in a positive way.

Kp

Arr Not bol le
Who are the people of Bollywood?
Who..Kami.nhi hai.....
ye role model!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!wtf
Kareena is constipated or what 

This show is a big example of nepotismKapoors and khans so far
