Simi grewal i dont know  if u will read my comment but if u do. Their is a humble request from the bottom of my heart to please come back with a new season. The class,grace and poise of this show is at its peak. Your way of asking questions and showing empathy towards your guest in this exquisite room decorated with these colorful flowers is a treat to watch and yes the background music which is so soothing that it gives us peace. As a 90s born im soo happy that i grew up watching this show in my childhood. Its soo disappointing that today we get to see plethora of interviews which has no depth and our just waste of time  for example shows like kofee with karan which is nothing but a gossip mongering with some really sleazy and disgusting topics which we feel so ashamed to see on a national tv that we cant even watch it with our family. Soo im waiting for that magical day‍️ when u will make us happy by announcing the new season of this ethereal show Lets hope this new year of 2021 gives us a new surprise.

I feel like I&#39;m watching William Shakespeare interview...

Such a charming personality!! Gosh!!
<a href="">9:25</a>

Speechless.... I never ever seen women like her.....  She is just wow amazing person I ever seen my inspiration lady
She is so real!

None of miss universe till now not even 10% of Sush

She is amazing women 

This type of personalways be alone at all , although they pretend to be happy ,adopted child just the show off.

<a href="">22:42</a> the way she exactly mimiced her mother when she was asked how your mother win the crown just so precious and adorable 

Such an idolizing person

Totally feel her

Incredible Women Special!
I can adore her for life️

Wow she was ahead of her time truly, in her demeanor, her thoughts on herself and self love. Truly inspiring and will learn to apply her values

This episode is beautiful 

I just love the episode 

&quot;I feel better than I look.&quot;

<a href="">13:54</a>

<a href="">11:31</a>

WE LOOK SSME

WE LOOK S

<a href="">13:20</a> so beautiful

<a href="">15:35</a>

<a href="">13:42</a>

<a href="">17:41</a> this part is just soo precious, gosh how being a mother is just wonderful 

<a href="">11:31</a>

-<a href="">17:15</a>

Simi garelwals pista interview ... every interview is fabulous with extraordinary people 

Sushmita is Everything....

<a href="">14:00</a>

<a href="">13:40</a>

It made me cry got vry emotional God bless.

I look like sushmita sen
I can listen to her like I don’t knowHow many times..her choice of words..her vibe is just out of the universe..rightly she is the miss universe

She is miss universe for a reason..... like i can already see the difference between two pagent while miss world is more grace and elegance....miss universe inclined to be  more fearless and bold...into the unknown

This show will always be An Iconic!  BESTEST OF BEST HOSTBESTEST OF BEST GUESTS    SIMI ma&#39;am start another show 

<a href="">7:05</a>

<a href="">15:35</a>

<a href="">11:34</a>

<a href="">11:59</a>

<a href="">6:59</a>

such a mature show. I miss this

<a href="">7:00</a>-<a href="">7:20</a> 
I look like sushmita sen
I have same personality and face as her

Shushmita one of the down to earth women in Bollywood

She is a beautiful soul. Inside out! Elegance, grace and confidence all in one! Strong and humble!!!

Sush is an enlightened soul!

We look and sound same

I loom sound and behave like hee

We look same
I look like her and even we have same personality

@simigarewalofficial dear simi ji kindly bring up Sushmita mam on your show again as she mentions in the end that I will see you 5 years later so I guess the time has come now  she is awesome in herself  I too am a Scorpion and can easily feel all that she says  would really love seeing her on your show again ️

I wish I could pull off pink purplish eye shadow and lipstick

I wish Sushmita met MJ.Both of them loved children and are misunderstood

WHAT A ROCKSTAR AT 2+..!!! Full marks Renée Sen..:)..and well loved, Sushmita Sen :):)
English is not understood by everyone, no one can digest it even if he becomes bigGarv Sir Taj 
It is not a crime to write correct English Vinglish beyond my understanding.
Have you contract fishing jhingha mocholi i mean needs some water of suchs beautiful beer gorilla values ​​of ambuiaas prothinidhitho kuch poilay doi dinho poncho k but kai sesh oltai desh and besh sondhoreei loghokhi but ha batho ka silly khkhus jheda ka moshokhori ka liyeea not seriously kemon sujhatha hoolywood likes bat juta manho abhi hum sob eekai jhoyghoyotha raja ka rani sonsoni sonsoni kohinoora values ​​of ghajhaiaa krodhos sohisnoraa fuckings jhustly rascles who am i i do you know completely universal soul power ️️️️️
She is a magical woman 

Turly an inspiration the Sushmita sen! Much love and positivity to you 

this is real beauty. lks. pls retaliate

<a href="">10:01</a>

She’s pretty fake

Absolutely looove this  this lady is the most beautiful inside out!

My favourite interview  love sushmita 
I  All Three of hers 
Omg such a precious child and Shushmitha sen hats off and ur blessed with Renee

Fantastic GirlMàsha Allah
She is amazing woman  a beautiful nymph walking on earth  her 

The most powerful personality in bollywood . she is a diva

Sushmita Sen always teaches us life lessons..grace and elegance personified didn&#39;t want this interview to end

Renee is really amazing. I also got to remember my childhood seeing her.

I still remember as a 9 year old girl in a small city in the Philippines watching Sushmita Sen win the MsU crown. I always thought she is a perfect woman, beauty, confidence and intelligence. Always proper, always have the quick wit and a smile to give. I am a fan for 30 years and I always thought of her as a perfect woman.

Please  start new series of interviews

Wow<a href="">#7423</a>

She is super pretty

I love Sushmita ️️️️
Truly Miss universe, 

c is really a world champ very smart still

sush was so fed up of having relationship with men, she ended up having a kid  That&#39;s always long lasting ,I just loved her concept !! Destiny&#39;s child !!

This woman, Simi Garewal, is so graceful. Good diction,nice presentation.  No funny accents.

<a href="">9:50</a> beautiful answer by Shush️
Shushmita  is amazing love the way she speaks 

I only admire two woman in my entire life i.e Sushmita mam and my Mom.Things that are common between them:-★Both of them taught me the meaning of a true and selfless love and dedication for other.★Both of them are super woman.★And more over,the importance of having +ve approach towards life and how to stay away from toxic and -ve people.You are the epitome of knowledge and wisdom and I listen your stories from my mom who admires you since from my childhood.Stay blissful and prosperous mam.

Absolute Queen!

Beautiful God Bless You Sushmita and Renee

I love that she has zero regrets and has taken it all as life experience! Good and bad. Such a beautiful soul.

Her personality is soo strong n amazing, i think a reason why she won title of miss universe

apaman na hogi. poor

She seems like princess diana

I love sus mam
<a href="">15:43</a> Either you match the size of my diamond or the size of my heart! ️

This has to be the best episode.

Nixe

Why she speaks like power.

Renne is soo cutee 

Love from 🇯🇲🇯🇲 Jamaica
So much to learn from sushmita complete woman in every manner

Epitome of elegance and maturity...Sush and Simiji

Lvlv

How bright &amp; kind hearted women she is The epitome of true Beauty ️

Great gources women ️
Omg she is sooo beautiful 

Love her, always ️ 
Little renee ... &lt;3 heartmelting

Graceful and honest

I love her vibes

Can we see a new season pleaseeeeeee!!!!!!!

I love her ️️️️️️
the sheer amount of class these two ladies radiate, unreal. 

Sushmita is also a epitome of selfishness unfortunately the adopted kid does not have the looks class or pedigree of sushmita

I love you Renee, sushmita sen love
Simi Ji Bollywood Evergreen Beauty  Queen and Susmita Sen Always The Best  World Famous India Famous Bollywood Famous International Beauty  Queen The Unforgettable Beauty  Susmita Sen  The Real Beauty  Queen  ,

I love u sushhh.i hope i meet u once in my lifetime
<a href="">10:00</a>

MADAM  SIMII  LIKED  YOUR   T A L  E N  TTHE  WAY  OF   S  P  E  E  C  H

2 beautiful souls.....dignified awesome and so elegant.....Sushmita is very clear about what she wants from life ......and yes it is her journey.....just lotssssssss of love and respect.....Sure Renee and Alisha will add joy and happiness to her journey.....Sush yes U are INSPIRING.....It&#39;s your life....live it on your terms .....do not give the Remote of your happiness to anyone else....loved this....destiny celebration.....

really my friend you are acting really well...ha ha ha ah
The CALSSIEST WOMAN I HAV EVER SEEN OR HEARD .. SHE IS OUT OF DIS WORLD .. DATS Y SHE S ( MISS UNIVERSE )

What a natural loving caring adorable horgious innocent strong natural lady i respect her from cour of heart may she live long with health success and long life aamin sum aamin,, ️️ so cute renay so  lovly
Renne just made my heart melt
What an amazing lady,so impressed what she did she said and how beautiful lady she is.I wished I was like her. She a lot of support from her parents.

how can U 4 the life of me TOLERATE these nincompoops ,,,,OMG

HOW VERY INDIAN,,,,,,,ASS WHOLES

wat u nid is a hard chodo

it is PRONOUNCED V O I D ......NOT W O I D ,,,,,,,,idiot emulate english

hypocrite VIXEN

beautyfulmadam

Beautiful and wonderful interview

One of my favorite people from this - beauty pageant / bollywood industry! So smart, so beautiful.. so inspiring. Soo very self aware and absolutely classy!

I really respect this beautiful lady. She is very kind and humble.

This wise man lived his life singing but could not build a house.
the way sush was proud of her... my heart

cutest kid ever oh my god
Both equally eloquent and empowered women. What a wonderful interview. Easy camraderie and I loved how Ms. Garewal&#39;s questions helped us in the audience see Sushmita with a renewed depth! Miss this show.

Gosh! Renee and Sush I am just speechless. Love you both. This is our destiny to be born with such humans around. God bless all! ️️️️️️

God bless sushmita, what she has done is amazing, what she is doing is  great and for sure what these two kids will do is wonderful &#39;cause they got you as their mama...

Every time I hear Ms. Sushmita Sen, I find her so organized, unconventional, goal oriented .... I guess , after my mother, she&#39;s the only woman,I wish,I could be like her 

very beautiful lady

I am love creating BESTAK.
Live breathe focus only best Aishwarya khatri..... I am love.

Here after the modi thing

Never watched it before. She was magical and she is too. 
Two of the most gracious ladies in Bollywood.

I think Renee is the most well behaved toddler I have seen till date. Just proves you don’t need to birth kids to be parents. All you need to do is give time to child

Cutest interview

Amazing interview , questions n answers all superb

Sushmita is a problematic woman who really needs a good psychiatrist. All people with decent and sane mind who lead a decent way of living will think the same. Still changing men at 47 and yet adopted two girls ( only God knows whether those girls are really adopted or her own biological children with different men ) ?What kind of mentality, morality and emancipation is this ? True fact is sushmita sen is an immoral and shameless woman and a bad example in the society. I think the fact that she won miss universe when she was so young, only 18 years old got high in her head and till now she never recovered to be a supporting and proper life partner to anyone. I pity those little girls who live with her, who have new Dads every back and then. She must be ripped off of all titles, and she deserves none. This is the tragedy of life when you get success and fame too early in life and then believe that only you are right as you have won a competition; that is merely a beauty pageant which has nothing to offer to the society. That victory is only for her own. I don&#39;t understand the fact that how winning a beauty pageant can make a country proud ? It is ridiculous !!  She needs a certified psychiatrist in true sense .

So pretty

The best part of this video is when Rene entered.

She is really so beautiful 

Sush is Miss Universe but walks on the ground. She praises the other person from her heart. A golden hearted woman, she has contributed a lot to the society.  The credit for the huge increase in adoption goes to Sushmita. There is still no one to take her place.  No one can be as daring as sush ... I love you so much

Sushmita is Sushmita &lt;3

The remorse in her eyes was so evident when she saw her ex. He looked so vulnerable and intimidated by her persona. She said it quite aptly, she enjoys the moment but is careful of long term commitments.. and that&#39;s where you find a typical scorpio trait, cautious yet impulsive!! Sush and PC are two amazingly eloquent actresses of our times.

They are so Blessed for each other  I always look for Sushmita interviews because I learn alot from her ️ God Bless her 

‘Just because you give birth to a child does not make you a mother. Bringing up the child makes you a mother’. Can’t agree more. All women should know this.

I absolutely adore Sushmita. Shes such an inspiration for women and Simi ji&#39;s beautiful way of interviewing her guests will always be iconic 

She is the most incredible personality  ever in Bollywood . Listening to her interview is like a  personality development class . Her beauty , grace , politeness , clarity , decisiveness is all what makes her incredible . Love you Sushmita Sen .

As a Scorpio, she has learnt one of the most important lessons very early in life which is of Letting go...so beautiful !!

God Bless Them Abundantly 

You are tow wonderful woman and love both of you 

She is such a strong and wonderful woman.She is something most women are afraid of. She is just a perfect example of strong head woman.

Beautiful video, beautiful World filmed  ⚘⚘ greetings Slovak tonko badice fan of Slovakia I wish you a nice day, I greet the one who made the video world beautiful beauty beautiful shot 
Shush so brave

Simii come back please Sushi there can be no one else like you

Enjoy and felt happy to see both of you together . Intelligence,beauty, emotions, love and many more things.

So amazed to see this much of empowerment in her during those days ️

She is amazing person ,I love the way she speak but she is wonderful mother

Why do I feel Priyanka Chopra Copied her

please comeback with a new season..with the smell of fresh bloomed rose flower...

Confidence 
I wish this interview just keep going and goin and goin ️️️


Such a sweet cute  daughter

Oh my God!! Every single time I look at this... beautiful creation of god! every single time I listen to her talk, I fall in love with her. The amount of poise, grace, strength, maturity, charm, beauty and intelligence this woman has is mind blowing!! I will forever continue to love, appreciate and adore her, not because she&#39;s a Bollywood actress or miss universe. but because of the fact that she is such a wonderful human being.

So sweeeetttt ️..her version of i love u got so famous

Her mannerisms and body language and smile is a lot like Kiara Knightly..

Today&#39;s so-called heroines r not even 1% close to these lovely ladies....,In terms of beauty, intellect, wit, appeal, character n even acting skills.I m sure if Deepika&#39;s n Jacqueline&#39;s see this episode, they might want to bury their head in a gutter n not take it out ever ️

Super ️️️
She is the epitome of women empowerment

So cute renee
I love sush. ️️️
Sushmitha Sen although a Miss Universe of India, she is also an icon beauty of India, and along side Ms Aishwarya Rai.... Miss World. A mark of Distinction to Sushmitha Sen....and Aishwarya Rai.(Loves from London).

Her voice n her aura..beautiful

The baby is so adorable

U are an exceptional, unique  woman.May God bless u,always  to continue  to have that great heart u have

She’s well intelligent. I also watched her work in 🇩🇪

She is a real genuine person. I like her for this and respect her the most. More power to her

Sush is my role model ️

This is really joyful, blissful to watch. Sush is such a meek and mild and blessed with cute baby daughter

Sushmita Sen has wasted a lot of time, energy and her life behind men....she could have achieved so much more in life than just one achievement....what a waste of great talent 

What a personality

Now we have an army of gawar hosts and their greater gawar celebrities..we are on right path

She is a beautiful soul...!

Super chat show

Waooo…. What a lady…. Evertime when I listen her…..I just sayyy waoooo

COURAGE &amp; WISDOM ARE VIRTUES ️
Watching the talk 9 years later

The way she answers questions  she&#39;s so smart and mature. Damn!!

Simi ma&#39;am needs to be back on TV....I think it&#39;s time for a show like this to come back.

Sushmita Sen ji, she is queen I love the way she speaks with a lot of maturity. She&#39;s totally different from Everyone in the Industry. ️ Her voice is so sensuous and energetic at the same time Her children are very lucky ️

She is so stunningly damn classy.. out of this world ️

God this bond️

Very gorgeous woman Sushmita..i envy you

Sushmita Sen has wasted her time, life and energies behind men...She could have achieved so much more in life with the kind of calibre she has....waste of talent 

Magical... So pure 
This is class act! 

She is the real miss universe 

Come back with a new season...we need some meaningful shows too

This woman. Sushmita, is absolutely phenomenal. I have no words to show how much she inspires and motivates me. Gem of a person, truly ️

please mention year

Married life never become a challengable, it&#39;s enjoyable, then it&#39;s good otherwise worst

Married life is the smallest part of whole life, some person makes married life is greater than whole life, some reason likes in gents family always want keeps ladies should be lesser than gents, that&#39;s is the biggest reason married life is biggest front of whole life.

Lovely interview. Lovely women.

Some one show this interview to that person who just keeps gossipping with the actors he invites on his show. Not a single mention of any other actor here the questions are just about Sush and her career and her perosnal struggles, So natural and amazing ! Interviews can be done this way as well, the way simi asks and maintains the decorum hats off. We should have this show back with good actors and persons at the same time like Priety Zinta, Sush, Lara..  Bollywood should have more such gem persons rather carrying nepotism forward..

Worth watching on 1st day of year. I left it incomplete yesterday... so did it first thing in morning... so inspiring..i think my thoughts match with Sush a lot... even i wanted to adopt a baby even before i got married.... but unfortunately i was not self dependent .... but she has made me thinking again..

Now she&#39;s In her 50s and dating guys who are almost 20 years younger than her who she picks up on instagram..if any guy wants her she&#39;s just one click away online Anything but classy. Rohan left her too after using her lol

I know why Sushi never married .it takes a strong,secure,man to accept her.Maybe if she were in the west they could accept.But for indian men from India while in India would be difficult but not impossible.

I&#39;m selfish ,not denying it

From my observation, only the winner of Miss Universe from India, Sushmitha and Lara can talk like this. No fake at all. Very natural. Now 2021 again India won. I believe Sharnaz also will do the same ️️️

Omg.sush..you are an university....loads to learn from you

sushmita and MJ has something in common--- the way they speak!!!!!!!!!!!!

Please do one on Harnaaz kaur,Kaur, needs a push.

She seems like such a deep and beautiful soul  love her non conventional thoughts...she&#39;s so raw and unafraid to be her vulnerable self . Love this interview. Hope Simi returns with another season  what a wonderful host! 

Wow

Beautiful

Beautiful interview I have heard till now

Wow...such wise women

I can&#39;t love these two ladies more!!!You both are so adorable, elegant and all the good adjectives belong to you both

She&#39;s a true inspiration, Many people can be successful in their career but, some people can also be successful in personal life; and, she&#39;s such a person, love her personality 

I love rene
I like sush
Just magical, feeling like hearing on and on and on. Amazing beauty

True miss universe ️
Simi is much much more graceful,beautiful, a pari like,...even in front of miss universe

The way these two are vibing 

I love this graceful lady Sushmita Sen️️️
️ se lajawab Sushmita Sen best actress️️
What a cool interview it is! So natural..so <a href="">beautiful.it</a> is showing d real beauty of human relations and life....loved it

Offlate i found her Videos..Sushmita you are Awesome Soul️
Shes the real Miss Universe beautiful, smart, humble &amp; kind queen,, love &amp; support from 🇵🇭️️️
God bless Simi!
For all those who keep complaining ki do aurat ko baithado aur dekho kitta gossip karengi... Bhai tu dekhle kitta deep conversation hai yeh. Adhi baat toh shyd sar ke upar se nikl jae apke. I wish such amazing interviews are held even now and with such honesty. Kudos!

What a beautiful, spontaneous, motivating and honest interview! Kudos to both of these gorgeous ladies.. Love this interview even on 14/12/21. So many lessons that I took from them specially Sush ️

Ur awesome person

Beautiful interview and story as well Sushmita she&#39;s a deep woman I really admire her intellectual level really unique

Amazing personality with beautiful heart...

This woman 

She has a  beautiful  smile.

The way in which AB talks about what the media reported is very Clintonesque. Very carefully chosen words.

The most decent show

Super english Sushmita speaks and Simi. Fantastic

Great.

Butiful human being also

Renee is so cute , she is a grown up girl now , such a nice upbringing

Sushmita is just so adorable, beautiful and full of love. May god bless her with health and wealth... 

She is the only one deserving Miss universe.

Renee
Philippines loves you
Beautiful idea. Adorable
Sushmita is a strong lady that&#39;s why she is not successful in bollywood

She is so beautiful ...at the same time she has a beautiful soul

alag pece so NICE past SO cute
Very very beautiful girl ko laya he
Very very beautiful

She is wonderful orator...no dictionary can match her vocabulary....I loved the way she articulates every sentence

Sushmita is such a beautiful lady, not only by looks but by heart, mind, and soul.

Two diamonds
When she gave her Bobo my hear melted

I found this conversation so spiritual &amp; got to learn so many good things with practical examples! Thank you so much Simi &amp; Sush.. Love you both ️

Sophisticated chat show with articulate abd dignified anchor and gues... not a single chat show match up to the aura of this show...

Sush sush ️️️️️ just perfectA perfect human being and a perfect mother ️️️
I am watching this interview for the nth number of time and it still feels so amazing to see 2 intellectual women having such a beautiful coversation. It has a distinct healing property.

You are amazing Sen, I&#39;m a great fan to you n your incredible beautiful heart ️

Wonderful ladies on one frame. Love to see more Simi Ma&#39;am.️

wow... fell in love with this show. Adorable Simi n Sushmita... loved them..cuteness overloaded

Power lady like Sushmita is an inspiration.....she&#39;s an iron lady

Rene is a fit and fine girl now 

First, tell me do you feel as wonderful as you look  what a beautiful way of making a person complement + comfortable +  smile. Damn, what a beautiful interview  I am in awe of these strong ladies. So much to learn from them.

Sushmida  Sen  was a miss world from India and she was also a  beautiful  actress in bally hood and kollywood ; Her appearance  in in tamil movie &#39;&quot; Uyire  Uyire &quot; was blockbuster  movie  with  Nagarjuna

698 people have disliked this interview! Can imagine how much hatred such people carry in them!Renee is pure bliss!!! Love you Sush!

Beautiful and perfect

Totally agree. Simi is just awsum.

I use Simi&#39;s show as my therapy session. I imagine Simi as my therapist and I answer her questions, think about it. Its wonderful. I&#39;m mentally much more aware watching your shows.

Very nice 
This interview is not for the weak hearted ️

SUSHMITA HAS THE CUTEST SMILE OF ALL.....WHICH MAKES HER MORE PRETTY THAN ALL THE REST.

Sushmita Sen is the perfect combination of beauty,brains nd beautiful heartMay  God bless her always

sushmita sen is incredible indeed down to earth straight forward person a far more ahead of plastic aishwarya rai she has nothing else to say but just about how privilidged and lucky she was to have such face and parents,she is also too attractive but is never bragging about her fortune,hahahahaha!!!!!

Sushmita, you are so gorgeous and a breath of fresh air! Wise beyond your years!

I&#39;m at a loss of words... Seeing Rene&#39;s eyes, tears welled up in mine ️ She is God&#39;s own ️

She&#39;s extremely beautiful

I love both.. both are gorgeous, graceful and elegant..
<a href="">22:45</a> 
SIMI belongs to that wonderful group of great intelligent Human interviewer of Tabassum

She is so graceful. ️️️️️
I love u shushmita sen
Dear Simi Grewal,I really am in love with you! I wish I could meet you someday in life! My deepest regards to you! I&#39;m just spellbound by the charismatic aura of charm and peace of yours!

<a href="">#Susmita</a> madum

Such and honest conversation .. bravo Sush!!

Sush and simi both are very intelligent girl I just love this interview

Just in love with the way sush presents her point of view and does believe and practice it in her real life too

Oh! I love running 
Lovely baby...its not easy to be a single parent..

A woman becomes a mother by heart, not because of her uterus ️ Thank you Mother Sushmita‍️

Its always a pleasure to listen to our forever miss universe sushmita sen

“She had no choice she didn’t choose me I chose her but down the line I hope she chooses me”damn my heart

Only if this interview was conducted by someone else

I wish sush could adapt me

She was way ahead of her time.Her emotional intelligence is simply remarkable.️️

Such a strong woman, lovely mother nd a great human being she is.️Sushmita Sen

Lkng very beautiful and good hearted person.MISS UNiVERSE

The time when I was a kid and my parents used to sing a song while looking at each other &quot;Wada Karle Saajna&quot; , I used to think which song is this ,I wanted to watch the video of it and got to know about someone so beautiful who was featured in the song and that was Simi Garewal...I love the way she looks and the way she talks...

Huge respect to two beautiful &amp; wonderful women  and so much ️ to cutest baby in the World.. I don&#39;t know no words such a dignified interview, happened to see this again, God bless ️️

How lovely is the lip color and the way it is applied

Actually rhymes need to be redefined by ReneeRENEE RENEE YES MUMMAEATING SUGAR NO MUMMA :-*Proud of you sush

Her expressions ️️️️️
Sushmita gaves me goosebumps! Such an amazing lady..Also Simi Grewal.- Epitome of Poise and Elegance!

Susmita sen is a really beautiful woman

She is so beautiful .. perfectly deserved for the 

Lovely lovely lovely

<a href="">

Susmita's smile looks very similar to me
Sometimes little about is more enough to know about the person&#39;s maturity and their intelligence and she is one of them.

Splendid interview.  What a fantastic woman. I think Sush and Lara has lived up to their titles.  Ash would have been to if she didn&#39;t  marry into that A- hole family.  Loved the show. Wish you could have Lara and Sush with their grown children.  That would be a fantastic season opener.  ️🇺🇸

Even rich people ask their children to sing infront of the guests Jokes apart The interview offers so much to learn from life of others and such positivity

Real heroin...
Watching this on Mother&#39;s day...Sushmita Sen you are a miracle and so is your daughter

Shush your my role model all time ️️️️️️
Madam Sushmita is really outstanding 

Ms.Simi Grewal&#39;s presence is awesome.Her shows were mind-blowing.We wish to see Ms.Simi Grewal again .

Rain 
Her word play 
Sushmita is the opposite of a role model for strong women.The sheer hypocrisy of labelling her two daughters, one by businessman Anil Ambani, the other by hotelier Sanjay Narang, as being adopted! Being modern and strong does not justify leaving a string of destroyed marriages in your wake. I don&#39;t blame her solely for the affairs and broken marriages. Nor for the children outisde of marriage. But to call your own flesh and blood adopted, for the sake of her image! <b>sigh</b> while i <i>can</i> understand, i cannot simply condone because she gets accolades based on a false narrative.Edit: to take out the starting part &quot;Probably the wrong venue to say this (i love Simi and her show), but&quot; and grammar.

<a href="">13:48</a> Both Simi and Sush have complimented so well to each other! The best interviewer and the best interviewee!

After all these years, I adore her as much as I did as a child, the thought she puts in answering.. She is amazing

Vikram bhatt is a cheat.
Oh god! Sushmita is graciousness personified!!

I like Sushmita Sen so much.---gorgeous lady.
Queen of beauty ️️
So much love to sushmita sen and her daughter Renee 

Miss Universe Title seems small for the incredible person that Sushmita is ️

We want next season Simi ma&#39;am. I liked the way you have conducted this interview so  peacefully and smooth.we want you back. love u a lot.

Two graceful women in one frame

Every word that Sushmita Sen speaks, inspires me! What a woman!

I think after Simi garewal sushmita is most desirable to take such marvelous interview of great people

sushmita sen  first wenner  miss india  miss universe 1994 held in my country philippines in songs mabuhay in mean  a life  long ago when yean age

Sushmita Sen was so ahead of her times that most actresses can&#39;t catch her even now. It&#39;s like she is in a league of herself. Majestic 

OMG.. I can&#39;t resist falling in love with this lady..  Just so pure so amazing..  So so amazing

Sushmita - Ashwarya - Priyanka / Mary&#39;s substitutes : never deserved any award - title..., 1978 Man Machine caught com : Rozario, zero.

I love older generation actresses accents

me 2 i wanted my babies so bad!!!
Why wait for somebody else to celebrate you ..  sush..

She is so pretty. When Bollywood was popular in my country, around the 2000s, she was one of my favourites.

She so smart and beautiful

I totally agree especially about the ring. I did it myself hahaha

Loved the interview and Renee and sush

Simi why haven&#39;t you interviewed Salman Khan the most desirable on earth

Scorpios  rule Bollywood Sushmita Sen Aishwarya Rai Shakhrukh Khan
Congratulatinns Susmitha sen you are great

Sushmita Sen and grace are synonymous

What an incredible smile Sushmita has ️️

Renee, you’ve clearly proven yourself right! You are a star now and Sush has done such a good job at raising you! ️

Such an inspiration Sush is Her take on life

I love u ️ sush
Respect to you...Sushmita

Watching this show on YouTube is just soothing to eyes,,,,I love you Sush Mam&#39; ,,,you are beautiful, gorgeous, great human,,,god bless you and your family ,,, Every single day brings colour, fortune ,wealth in your world

<a href="">13:00</a> <a href="">16:00</a>

What a wonderful person ...she has a pure soul...sush

Such an admiration.... no man could match her level ....

I&#39;m watching this 10th time..

Gorgeous soul n mind Sushmita Sen ️
I can&#39;t stop crying ️
It&#39;s my greatest luck and blessing to have watched this beautiful interview

&quot;down the line I hope she chooses me back&quot;️️️

Sushmita tuse great ho

It is really strange and surprising that I was busy wondering about the so called stars like khans and kapoors and didn&#39;t know about such an amazing personality &#39;Susmita sen&#39;.Really she is awesome and a true inspiration for me. Love you

Ohh God this little Renne... Grown so fast

My birthday is also 19 November 1985 End i love it  shushmita  form meeta

Sush is a really intelligent woman and such a sport

I relate to her life... Hope I meet her one daythe only person I look forward to meet 

Love her and she is beautiful inside and out

She speaks like the way poets write....

Love sushmita.
I just adore her
Look how far we&#39;ve come from Rendezvous to Koffee with Karan! 

Huge Respect to sushmita mam..️️
Simi mam , it&#39;s like I&#39;m transported to another time, a Peaceful Graceful time.. Please do come up with another season. We need quality interviews back.

And now Renee is an actress, starting her career in films. Wow what a journey ️

Who are these 638 people who disliked d video lol

Such a beautiful child... God bless her ️

I literally cried after listening Reene’s songs ,, Sushmita is just great n great n so so awesome momma for all the time 

Here after Renee&#39;s actual launch &quot;Suttabaazi&quot;.  We all fell in love with her watching this.  All the best! Renee.

Oh wow what a lovely daughter and mother and renny is adorable she sings so well

I can&#39;t believe she is renneee so clever and cute ️

Omg Simi mam shows were so pure and informative about the star&#39;s life. This is so pure and magic 

Flashes of jennifer anniston...

She is best ️️️️️️️
She is incredible

Simi Garewal, your interviewing skills are amazing. I hope you make a comeback.

So inspiring ️
A real solid self assured feminist.

sushmita sen is innovative Indian person which is difficult to originated from that of culture. very very spearhead of Miss Universe.

Sushmita Sen is the kind of lady to whom i can listen all day long and learn from her how to be so charistmatic and calm in every possible situation...and oh my goodness what a good conversation was this mam...it almost felt heavenly...never felt so calm watching an interview! No wonder she is Miss Universe

&lt;3

Ladies where did u this poise?

True tired of gay karan johar 

Kind hearted Ms. Sen

Huge respect really beautiful sushmita sen

I&#39;m proud <a href="">because.my</a> name is also susmitha...

Sushmita Sen, you are wonderful lady and sets examples for all moms..U touched my heart &amp; soul..thankyou for doing this interview and telling about ur girls...Love u sush



Adorable ladies, motivational lifestyle of sushmita sent ️heartly respect her.

Super taughts

She is so so so incredible.. this is how miss universe should be  lots of love  so positive vibes...My idol️

Soooo cute om Jay Jagdish hare
Sush is a v compassionate person

I don&#39;t know y but shush is reminding of shahrukh khan so deeply in facial expressions,, seriously y but really

I wish you had interviewed Satyajit Ray and Rituparno Ghosh. That would have been a precious rendezvous. You do share strong bond with Bengali culture and films.

Very few in life... Especially a single parent being male take such bold decision.   The cute little angel is truly magic.. Simi.  Thanks for bringing Sush back

Shus and Lara are both different and unique in their own

This women is like a walking Lifebook... The more u listen to her the more u learn how to live life better...

Whn I was a child I wonder y they awarded her with miss universe title wht they saw in her she isn&#39;t tht much beautiful....but now I understand it&#39;s her aura her elegance thts her beauty wch is very rare

At <a href="">18:49</a> so cute

Is it even possible not to love Sush, especially after watching this interview.True women of substance.

Who is after Aarya Web Series ?

Amazing............
Such a genuine person she is, living upto what she said

Salaam friend  she is the Queen of women Masahallah Ameen Masahallah 
Extremely good dialogue. Sushmita jee looked so beautiful, graceful, talented, kind hearted n humble.  Her  views r very good. Simi Garewal jee is a most beautiful, sober, renowed n established anchor. It is very prestigious to any one 2  joined her popular programme. We r proud 2 both of u. All the best Sushmita jee,  Simi Garewal jee n concerned personalities of this most popular programme. God bless to all of u. Thanks.

God bless her she is so kind and so beautiful !

Sush you are wonderful lady. Respect for you from my bottom of my heart.

Can someone help me ?What&#39;s the colour her lipstick ? Any suggestion regarding name &amp; brand ? I want similar one for my woman ️

Plz hindi translate
At that time .. Loom at the calmmess in their voice .. So pleasing ..

Sushmitha is such an intelligent woman..

Sushmita is too fake and manipulative woman. Her fake sweet voice is also pretentious, only to draw attention and the people&#39;s minds. Because she knows very well that she is not beautiful and attractive at all. She also played this fake sweetness in femina miss india contest to win over Aishwarya. Her answer on textile heritage of india🇮🇳 was technically too wrong, just used Gandhi&#39;s name to impress judges and to win over Aishwarya rai. She also stole the swimsuit that aishwarya was supposed to wear in the finale and hid it somewhere else with the help of some co contestants, just out of jealousy and to make Aishwarya nervous and to kill her confidence so that aishwarya couldn&#39;t win. Pathetic nature. Sushmita sen is the epitome of a manipulative mind and ultimate fakeness. Period.

Sush
Raising kids is a nightmare. Not easy to manage kids below 10. I love kids but so tough to raise small kids.

This has meditative quality

Love u shusmita
She&#39;s the bestttttt such a intellectual ...

These are called conversations, jo log dekhle toh yaad rkhna chahe, apni family k sath baithke dekh ske, jindagi jeene ka falsfa seekh ske, kai baar lgta h ki life bhi rewind ho skti, taki um lamho ko phir s jee skte.Thankyou  so much simi MamI feel blessed that these gem like conversations are still there in this world which is to some extent going in altogether a very sad mode.But let&#39;s look for the best, &amp; as sushmita mam often says duniya badalne ki jarrorat nhi, u change one life, one thought, one idea your life will change. It&#39;s true. I really appreciate the idea if you come back with a different season &amp; giving us some more memories in life which we can cherish later &amp; learn a lot.Thankyou️

Always appreciated her bcoz she lived upto her answer for the  final question, which won her the crown !! True person... Didn&#39;t answer just to win a crown..That too when  she was only 18 yrs!

I m fan of her voice...

Welcome to Scorpio season… enter if you dare… From October 23-November 20th

I love sushmita
If at all Simi starts her new set of series, it will be a great change from rotten Koffee with KJo. Do not ever interview the so called who’s who of Bollywood. They r disgusting to the core, fake and evil. People like Sushmita r more intellectually stimulating. We wish ur show a better comeback this time. We read about ur classy show getting off the tv coz of some filthy politics. All the best.

So beautiful sushmita ma&#39;am
I love sushmita ma&#39;am
Sushmita ma&quot;am is incredible but she is an average actress

She is a true epitome of women power.... god bless you sushmita..

Not sure what kind people may dislike this vedio :) love this women she&#39;s one of her kind so rare...

I LOVE YOU..

I know you deserve a lot more but I will give you my heart all more than that I have to tell you my heart at my feet no one has done such a thing So far but you have to understand one thing I leave in front of you you are the best best actress I bow before you

This show was way more classier than those shitty show KWK and KAPIL SHARMA SHOW

Wonder Woman.. Some say about her stunning looks.. some say talk about her Articulate speech...some talk about her Intelligence.. and some like they way she carries herself..but what i like is her Kindness.. towards every human being..

What poise and subtlety!!!Now this is what a good interview is unlike some these days...

This is Perfect. Perfect. ️️️️️
I just love her️. My inspiration 
I love the way sushmita sen looks at her daughter with so much pride and twinkle in her eyes while she sings the poems 

Sushmita is a gem of a person  

Just love Sushmita Please take more of her interviews of her

Who&#39;s watching in 2020 ?

She reflects a future of mine .

I am seeing it in 2020... loads of love to sushmita.. and simi grewal, please come back with another season of Rendezvous ....

Great show!! Sushmita sen everytime I see you, listen to you I feel so special about myself. Thank you so much for making everyone feel so good in their hearts. Love you. God bless.

Sushmita is the most beautiful and perfect woman in the hol world ️️

She is my inspiration

I thank Shusmita madam&#39;s Parents...

No one in this bloody world is more beautiful than susmita sen..

Parenting is indeed very challenging and Sushmita Sen has guts to take up this challenge so young in life that too as a single parent. She is an intelligent and mature woman as she has proved it by bringing up 2 adopted girls.

my eyes are stuck on sushmita sen...she looks so lovely ...really a great soul..

No words for this lady.... Sush you rock. So sorted so humble so kind. How you have taken life altogether just wow.

Namaskar
Namaskar.....
Love u sushmita and simi you too..

Sushmita you are just awesome amazing adorable words are very very less to praise you dear ️ god bless you n your kids!!!! loads of love n respect to simiji for airing this show

I PRAY TO GOD THAT LUCKY MAN WILL COME SOON IN MISS SUSHMITE SEN LIFE WHO WILL BECOME A GOOD HUSBAND BUT ALSO A BETTER FATHER.

MISS SUSHMITE SEN IS A TRUELY OPEN HEARTED LADY(MOTHER). HEART AND HER TOUNGUE ARE SAME BEAT WHICH REFLECT ON HER FACE. I THINK SUCH A PEALE LIKE MISS SUSHMITA SEN  NOT ACHIEVE HER REAL POSITION IN SOCIETY

Best thing she did was not to indulge deeply in Bollywood ..shows her clear ambitions and which route to take. that would bring her the success for innerself and not materialism,

Please simi ji come back️️️️
I love her voice very loving and ek apnaapan h voice me.bahot comfort voice h bahot...mature very kind noise...Sush luv u..

Simi grewal i dont know  if u will read my comment but if u do. Their is a humble request from the bottom of my heart to please come back with a new season. The class,grace and poise of this show is at its peak. Your way of asking questions and showing empathy towards your guest in this exquisite room decorated with these colorful flowers is a treat to watch and yes the background music which is so soothing that it gives us peace. As a 90s born im soo happy that i grew up watching this show in my childhood. Its soo disappointing that today we get to see plethora of interviews which has no depth and our just waste of time  for example shows like kofee with karan which is nothing but a gossip mongering with some really sleazy and disgusting topics which we feel so ashamed to see on a national tv that we cant even watch it with our family. Soo im waiting for that magical day‍️ when u will make us happy by announcing the new season of this ethereal show Lets hope this new year of 2021 gives us a new surprise.

Adding to all the other positive comments, her genuineness is reflected back in her eyes. This woman is liberation personified.️ I feel a little unburdened after watching this, thank you Sushmita and Simi!

This show is way better and classy than Koffee with Karan. Simi ji please bring back this show. We love it.

Luv her a lot n totally agree with her here <a href="">10:13</a>️

i could listen to her for hours

wat a queen beautiful confidant articulate kind just amazing

A true scorpio energy i must say ! Always loved sushmita for her humble nature and astonishing personality.

Best shows ever... This is called something deepful and logical conversation.  I don&#39;t know why even people see that bloody mean johar&#39;s show

I love the movie where she acted as a school teacher. Her smile in so beautiful.

I am a Canadian,and that young lady is one of my best actor. I have no idea why i love her. But today i know why i love her,she is a beautiful heart. She is simply, she is a great lady.

I can keep watching sushmita all day long ... what a graceful woman !!! 

amazing. 
Susmita  is  undoubtedly  Miss  Universe  in true  terms . But  the  lady  to interview  her , is  an  <b>Epitome  of  pure  intellect , grace  &amp; class</b> . Howsoever  I  describe , it’ll  just  be  less .                                                                                                               Ms. Simi Garewal , if you are reading  this ...I  want you to know that you’re  <b>Gem of a staff</b> . And I mean this from core . To listen to you , to look at you is  a  delight to the senses . And  this  is  what I miss feeling  . I miss you  so  terribly . Your  show is a reminiscence  of  my  past  that  I  still  cherish  to . Wish  it  was  back  . But  anyhow , it’ll remain  irreplaceable  for  eons  &amp;  eons . It  will  . My love &amp; regards for you lady . Stay blessed &amp; prosperous throughout! 

Both sushmitha and Aishwarya are scorpio

Susmita is such an inspiring lady! She has great parents too

She is amazing

Oh simi grewal @8.47 i justhad a thought if i had u as my mother.. You r so genuinely concerned understanding and compassionate.  My mother is totally opposite of you

Wow what a wonderful interview

The black magic of bengali women they are talking about..!!

Simi introduced us what real talk shows are about sharing real life experiences and intelligent take on it not rating people on sex appeal !

Two classy women! Simiji, you conduct all your interviews with such grace! ️When Sushmita asked Renee to thank Simiji for the toy, that&#39;s parenting done right, people!

This is lovely...

Simi Garewel&#39;s questions are so good and Sushmita Sen&#39;s answers are so direct and satisfying. I feel like she&#39;s singing in my ears. Why there&#39;s no such talk shows nowadays? Classy!

Cutest baby ️️️️
Miss Sushmita Sen looks the epitome of elegance and good taste. What a cutie girl she brought with her here.

She is just fab. So Intelligent she is.. nd no comparison..

This woman is my inspiration. I can clearly see myself in her. Love you sush!!! You&#39;re an angel.

She is awesome. She is a really Miss Universe.

Sushmita is such a darling...always loved to listen to her chats. Seems like yesterday when she won the Miss India...and then the incredible Miss Universe crown. Wish her great health and happiness.

Sushmita is so smart, elegant . Oh God !

Ive seen this conversation before, and I&#39;ll see further too...Never ending fondness for these two Ladies...I just get very many vibes and spirits from them...More and more love and prayers to you both

She is one women you defines perfection with flaws

i wonder she could have called scintillating intellects like shakuntala devi sachin tendulkar rather than inviting and reinviting the same guests all over again.

I just love her......She is phenomenon. ...

Ohhh sush ... you r fabulous ..... what a personality you have!...

Love you sushi... woman with big heart

I m also.she is my daughter. Gifted  me mother Teresa. Also Marline jude.

They are REAL women.........! Incomparable!

Sush is full of positivity ️️

Such a beautiful interview..

I really love you mam....So so so much gorgeous you r

What a beautifull women

Your 
Ellen show....best I think so...on seeing this show..tis is the best of best show always..

I love this women ..I can&#39;t be tired to much to listen..I love her 

Ooh come on.. why exploit the little girl

She&#39;s a beautiful human ️

<a href="">18:40</a> ..!! That Johny ..️️ it’s me..
Love u sushmita sem  madm g  very  very  love u ok
Love  u  shushmita  seen   madm g
Love  u  shusmita  sen iam very  very love ok ian your old fan plz

What I can say about her.....she is breathe of fresh air.... I can hear her speaking  lifelong ......

neither of Alisha or Rene should ever be actress

Miss Universe indeed!

Shushmita sen is a beautiful n incredible woman who speaks out her mind candidly... she is an epitome of beauty with brains ,. Kindness n talent...I salute her ... Womanhood in it&#39;s most glorious form..Ya devi sarvabhuteshu, shaktirupena sansthita, namastaswai,namastaswai,namastaswai, namo namaha.. 

There is no comparison between sushmita and aishwarya Sush is completely Real Soul and aish is fake plastic 

What an intellectual insightful conversation that now is veryyy rare to come across. Seeing you both was an utter bliss, and the poise that you both carried yourself with is commendable.big fan.

The classiness in this one interview outweighs all the cringey   interviews of today. Especially, Koffe with Karan.

I like your personality so much sushmita sen your way of talking is very impressive your voice is so sweet your daughter is so adorable your personality captures my heart what a wonderful woman waoooooo amazing your eyes is soooooooo attractive and deep just love her. God bless you always be happy with your family.

What a woman !Unbelievable ! So classy and well versed well  spoken well dressed  to a superlative degree .

This kid looks just like her

Lady with golden heart ️️️

Renee &amp; Alisah are the luckiest girls in the planet 

Sush has the brightest of smiles 

Beautiful description by the host in the description box abt Sush 

Sush is my role model in life.. she&#39;s so so inspirational

Why wait for somebody else to celebrate  you!

I mean... Miss universe pageant, great job!
&quot;But I can say it&#39;s a huge loss for them&quot; I am in love with her.

Use my comment as a petition to bring this show back (1 Like = 100 Yes)

OMG!  I m going to love with her day by day..no words to say abt her personality 

I always wanted to adopt a girl child since my teenage. But life took different turns and I am now a proud single parent to a wonderful little boy. I am proud of what Sushmita has achieved. She is living a dream of many such women like me.

Sushmita sen is truly incredible she is truly the queen of bollywood love you sushmita ji your the best and my favourite actress

oh what a good heart mom and Renee means born again which a believer in christ is also..

Dear sushmita would adopt me

This is the best, i love sushmita

I am watching this conversation over and over again.I love this woman!Sushmita is very brave and real.

Simiji pls do consider coming back for a new season... We miss your presence in this cursed generation of trashy talk shows which like to probe bedroom secrets of ppl more than their journey of success.. now is a better time than ever to make a comeback.

Oh mahn!!! What an effortless, smooth, intelligent conversation this was! I am amazed at this quality of talk between these 2 legends. These people need to be our generation&#39;s role models and not who media regularly shows as bollywood. I am glad I stumbled upon this gem of a video. Definitely lifted my spirits! :) :) :)

Sushmita is very talented... she didn&#39;t get her deu in bollywood

Such a great interview!

Such a strong woman

Incredible experience!

Wish I could interview Simi some day.. In awe of her.. Watched almost all your roundevouz umpteen times. Especially this countless times... Zeenat.. Menaka... Rekha..       

In love with her

Fuck how did we come from this level of intellect to Ananya panday&#39;s struggle

The most iconic women, Sushmita Sen

Such elegance, light and beauty. Enlightening!

Wow. I found this channel too late. Love it the way you create her image

The Real gorgeous woman Sushmita sen. She follows her instincts only. She is living her life to the fullest. Hats off to her

The way she talks about Rene was very lovely.

Why I found this conversation so poetic, so deep ..epitome of class, grace and beautiful smiles..at the end I didn&#39;t even know when my eyes started getting wet..can an interview be so heart touching?..all the love to Simmy ji and Sushmita (my favorites)

Sushmita mam is a real miss universe .. she is a real soul ..

What a women!!!!.....uffffff.....godd

The way she talks and articulates is absolutely stunning and oh boy, is she wise. She is amazing. Her honesty stuns. And her daughter was such a sweet kid. Lovely interview.

Omg what can i say about sush everytime she stay me speechless and rene is so adorable and i know she also became good human being like sish

What an episode.. Truly magical.. Each and every word! Wow wow wow!

This is Just WWWoooooooww ... Simi Ma&#39;am , GOD Bless you

Iam in love with sushmitha sen after watching this interview...most beautiful soul of Bollywood !!!

This is soo beautiful. God bless her always ️

She&#39;s my inspiration for adopting kids.

This woman is epitome of perfection! The most deserving miss universe there ever was and there ever will be. Period!! 

There will never be another Sushmita Sen or Simi ji. Two women who are epitome of beauty , grace and Intelligence ️

lovee her️️
Sushmita you made me cry... Love you
What a classy girl.... ️️️️️
I can listen to her all day she is so positive and calm and very encouraging

This woman right here is so underrated my God ... I bet she belongs to a kingdom ! I wish she does more roles and the world realizes she is legendry and the world needs to see her

So so cute 
What happened with Vikram and her ?

She had really good teeth here. Now she has it redone and it changed her look completely.

Who is this guy on TV with Ms Sen ?

I just love rene s expression when asked how did your mother win the crown? The bgm the timing everything was just perfect

My fav episode ️️️️
Sushmita and her daughter is really adorable......they are destined to meet together 

Will never be enough of listening to Sushwhat a personality she has

She answers all the qstns quick and confident... Inspired 

Elegant and classy.. 

Seeing her has made me decide that i want to adopt a child at some point too..

Renee had tweety&#39;s voice 
i think if we put up a list of miss universes, she must be at top. she is admirable.

I love sushmitha

she seems like such an honest person i really liked this interview. simi is such a great interviewer. much love, from Sydney.

Simi mam ....just love each of your episodes.... They are always a treat to watch....

Beautiful person ️
I like my lovely Miss universe, Susmita Sen. She is very clever, beautiful than. Aishwarya Rai. God has given her very very kind heart. She is the model for every woman. She is real Angel sent by God to Earth. May God bless her abundantly

Mahro,by.
Vikram i felt sleepy looking at his sleepy face.
Grace elegance beauty confident inspirational

Wat a voice she has...

I get goosebumps each Time she talks about Renee

The guy was not right for sushmita shes so much better

Simi ma&#39;am, can&#39;t you start an online version of rendezvous ??

Sus is always a sweetheart...loved her words the way she represents her...love n respect.

She seemed to be a very proud moment 

I LOVE YOU

This is really beautiful mam.

tears came to my eyes seeing this cute baby. now she is a lovely  teenager.what a good a deed you have done .this is why you are so luky sush.

Love you sush and renee

Renne is so cute

She is successful and these positive ️ comments shows it all

This is what u call BULLSHIT..

Susmita sen is soo Beautiful!!! Her beautiful hair . U can have any u want or wanted I was young other wise I would had told u susmita all men are like children.

Sushmita mam you re the only female Indian actress who give happiness to those children&#39;s who have not shelter home  .. you re a inspiration for us .. love u mam ..

Incredible
The questions and answers coming out from both this woman are just incredible. Sush has so open and westernised thinking and I love it. Simi can you do another interview with Sush and ask her more indept questions about bringing up kids and how she has coped with tantrums and mood change etc single handedly. It cant be a perfect perfect world with kids.

her best interview to this day! rewatching in #2020

So much LOVE. I loved the show ️️️
usually i don&#39;t comment on any video but i cant control my hand to write : ohh you both women simi and sushmita are gorgeous and superb.  I love you both.

Omg... Renne was too cute.. she still is... And yes she is the carbon copy of her mamma sush... Hope she grow up to be a wonderful wise kind hearted person just like her mamma.  ..

I love you Sushmita!!!!

what a soothing voice she has!!...she is a beautiful person at heart

Oh my God I was crying 

Yes she is more beautiful than aishwerya

Most beautiful woman in Bollywood always been best actress back 90&#39;s 20&#39;s made many mistakes her personal life and professional life

,  here we can see, how beautifully and bravely she faced all those tough questions, answered all of them and didn&#39;t try to dodge a single one, such an inspiration, not even to all those single women out there but also to single men :-) .

I&#39;m cry_
Amazing.,.is very small word.GOD BLESS YOU ABUNDANTLY

Sush is love.Real beauty beauty in n out she is just amazing I really liked it when she said don&#39;t wait for man to celebrate celebrate yourself n what she said in 1994 she meant it this is what Sush is for <a href="">you.Beauty</a> with brain

Renee is very cute

What a wonderful teaching her child

Wow such a pure thinking she has...

Hey anyone in 2020?

When I see  this interview I’m crying  sus you are such a big  heart n down to earth  person before I like love but now I respect you lots. dear I’m so proud of you my darling sus

It&#39;s a treasure to watch you to hear you and to believe that there are still strong and pure souls in this world

Such an amazing interview n Sushmita&#39;s daughter was so adorable as a kid... ️️

Sushmitaji you are a class apart!!.. you are and will be an eternal source of inspiration!

This woman is wonder 

Btw Sush didn&#39;t want to participate in Miss India &#39;94 but the next year fearing the famous supermodel Aishwarya Rai, it&#39;s her mother who motivated her by saying that if she participates next year then the competition would be easier, her mom wanted her to win by facing the toughest competitor.

My younger sister is named Sushmita, I wish she has a personality like you, may she be as confident and as strong as you.

In the Miss universe &#39;94 finale, she said something about feminism....a great answer we thought, she knew that it wasn&#39;t just an answer....it meant much more to her.

Very intelligent sushmita daughter

Women ️
True Mam,she is a treat to watch and to hear too.... Very classy, elegant, poised and intelligent....

Best mom in the world 

indeed a lucky daughter

Had tears...Sush you are tooo good...Simiji you are a legend and Renee 

<a href="">22:38</a>

The most honest &amp; dynamic personality of a women. I have ever met or heard. Such a beauty inside out Sushmita Sen.

Talk about aura and positive vibes. Their conversation made me calm throughout. This is how HUMANS should be, and desire to be.

You are amazing

The child really is sharp. Three powerful women in a frame 

What did you whisper in her ear with that surprise in her eyes.... she immediately sang om jay jagadeesh.. . Sush How beautifully you talk .. so adorable..

I have watched this episode of sush several times... Simply love to listen you.. Sush....u are mesmerizing..

What a great actress,human being and unique <a href="">personallity.love</a> her baby may God bless noth of them

Always inspired from her (sushmita sen) i also wanted to adopt a baby girl but first wanted to make myself that much capable for her. So i can give that child a better home ..  love u sushmita always

Sush is such a Class!!!

There are very few whom you seek to meet in life,  not for reasons but believing strong rational, Sush is one amongst few to carry that space and time.

3 most distinguished humans,  women and talking,,, that&#39;s no surprise,   They raise bars for defining &quot; Beauty with brains&quot;. Salute. If I expressed my love ever, I know destiny surely will find a stick,, love you beta.

She&#39;s so pretty just like her mama. Love you miss sushmita. God bless your lovely family.

Why comments are turned off in Sidharth Malya video

<a href="">11:01</a> left at the right point to grow

<a href="">6:36</a> huge loss to the biological parent

My god, she speaks like a philosopher. Love her, I don&#39;t like to compare, but I will after seeing this, Ash is nothing before this incredible woman. Sorry, I had to say it.

Dilbar Dilbar, ooo Dilbar Dilbar..
Simi... you&#39;re just a beautiful human being. I wonder how God had to be the best craftsperson while making you. Talking about Sushmita... Blessed are those who want to be blessed... Sushmita is a wonderful interpreter of the philosophy of life. And Renee is brought up in a loving family. Wish she&#39;ll stand strong against the storm of chauvinistic society... God bless you and God bless all...

She is amazing

Renee is such a intelligent genius girl God Bless her.....she is yet the most beautiful daughter of a beautiful intelligent star

Omg.... how classy these women are. Watching it in 2020 . Still the way they talk and their dignity.. is at its best.

Very inspiring. Hope to meet you one day in life. I love your thinking. Want to follow your footsteps. Your expressions when asked about fear of failure explains everything about you.️

Love u Sush for showing us a mother need not be biological by adopting Renee and alisah

Semi looks more young beautiful than sush

The beauty of KoiJism is as if it is looking at the beauty of the sun. eeeeeen MarmareeeeeenHusne Janaaa Kee Tareef Mumkin NahiAfreen Afreen AfreenTu Bhee Dekhe Agar To Kahe HamnsheeenAfreen Afreen Afreen AfreenUsne Janaaa Kee Tareef Mumkin NahiUsne Janaaa Kee Tareef Mumkin Nahi
So heartfelt.....honest n innocent expressions of life and love.....thank you for uploading your shows on you tube for us to view any time...any where

Cute baby

Sushmita ji. .mujhe bi God lelete....me to maaa vaap k hire huge bi anath hn

sushmita is so genuine and nice and down to earth 

Sushmita sen so smart girl
Okk.... Can we juz add ds conversation to the syllabus?? 

I like sushmita sen  very nice  gorgeous

The ending said “I will see you five years later” interview is overdue!!!

PERFECT WOMEN!!!!!!! BOLLYWOOD NEED SUCH A DIVA. AND 2020 HAS GOT ANANYA SARA AND JANVI. LOWER STANDARDS OF BOLLYWOOD
Why did she have to show the interview with her ex. It was so embarrassing. You can tell from her expression.

What a beauty and how amazing she is

How incredible Sush is 
beautiful women&#39;s, smart and Intelligent.

Smile is awesome sushmita

She is like a book a very good book love and respect alot

Wata baby she has... Adorable

ash nd sush  wndrfull actress nd person tooooo i really lv both vrry mch  big lov ️️

While watching her i remember that artificial laughter of aishwarya.. she is far more beautiful in every way then aish

Sush&#39;s reaction while Rene was singing in the end of the show brought tears in my eyes.

Renee made this show very very special 

Susmita voice is so ellegant. Her eyes , her personality is way better than plastic ashwarya man, literally.

WHAT A SOUL TOUCHING EPISODE ..i was fond of shusmita sen&#39;s intellect but she is far beyond her time and race ...

Sushmitha sen looks like old samantha.

Benguli,s are ture intelligent.

She&#39;s ugly.

God bless u darling. I lv u Sush. You truly represents the womanhood 

Looking you,Iam spellbound.ctg,Bangladesh.
The way sush explains everything ...is commendable

Renee is sooooooooo ADORABLE
I got emotional while smiling after watching this

You are the best host I ve ever seen and sush you are superb.

Simi has radiated an intelligent, charming, and sophisticated  persona  filled with beauty grace and humility and do have the knack to bring out the best in people.

Sushima reminds me of the Brown version of one of the Kardashians&#39;  looks. .

I have loved this show extremely. Actually this episode. Both 3 of you made this so so beautiful and special. Love you

Im scorpio person may be susmita not maching with horoscope but mine is much similar acording to any way here I want to tell that susmita is better then aishwarya nd simi my swt heart

She is a rare gene” 

Cutest Girl on the earth none other than Renee Sen 

She is amazing. Such class, grace, elegance. ️Love her 
The fact that she didn&#39;t give up on the baby on finding out her medical history, just shows her integrity.

It&#39;s really charming

This is the best interview i have ever seen 

What an amazing kid renee is soo cute 
I like sushmita very much

I respect you Sushmita Sen.....you&#39;re a gem of a person.

“God’s love to  me is wonderful!” Sushimita Sen is living the true meaning of the song!

My parents gave me my name for her.. they want me to be like her.. i am proud of her as an indian.. such a gentle lady

She is so intelligent, so smart, so graceful, so elegant, so patient, beautiful and such an articulate person...after a long time, I&#39;ve come across an interview which is so complete, in terms of the ideas these two ladies share and the conversation they hadThis, of all of Simi&#39;s interviews, is a rendezvous in it&#39;s essence

Wow she&#39;s way beautiful man

sushmita is such a Narcisist...

The true pageant queen.... Mystical creatures

&quot;Mamma, you are destiny&quot; ️
So pretty perfect face
It&#39;s always a pleasure to watch sushmita sen , the best human, the best woman and one of the best mother..... Lil one seems like her bio child.. I wonder what values would&#39;ve sushmita&#39;s parents taught her? To be such sensible and thoughtful about life.

Mostly intelligent women are single!

One and only Gorgeous Sush!!! Miss India ...Miss Universe!!

Tears in my eyes after watching this video.Greatest Actress

<a href="">22:42</a>, 
Omg beautiful soul

Example of how a woman can make a life Bloom with honest motherly  love . This is so powerful .

Yes she&#39;s right the passion n love grows after experiencing relationships. Love is not a race it&#39;s a dynamic process. So u can fall in love again n do absolute  justice with Ur partner.

A very well spoken Miss Universe.. love you Sushmita!

This woman legit an eg of how a woman should be.sucha a humancouldnt stop adoring her at all

She looks like Deepika Padukone&#39;s older sister

Awwww cute pie

Both r glamorous and beautiful

no other actress can meet the grace, wisdom and intelligence of Sushmita sen

I wish I had some of the incredible qualities she has as a human being. She is the epitome of woman power.. Pride.. Respect.. Feminism..

She deserves miss Universe crown she dint concentrate on her career r else she would queen and her title would be the most most beautiful and wonderful women in the universe

there will never ever be a buety like Sushmita Sen

Shusmitha ... “The real beauty”..samantha slightly looks like her

Every miss world have beautiful. But sushmitha you have amazing look than to every miss world. No one can&#39;t to reach your look. B crz u have amazing look than to miss world.... Wonderful miss universe AMAZING MISS UNIVERSE N THE WORLD.....

Who agrees that she is more natural and real beauty inside out than the fake plastic aishwarya God she didn&#39;t had a good luck as aishwarya

She has beautiful accent of language.

Sushmita Sen is more genuine than Ashwariya Rai.

Sushmita Sen is best actress of Bollywood

Sushmita Sen is just awsm

such a wonderful women is susmita sen

Sushmita sen is a very natural and beautiful actress I love to watch her my Lord bless her and her children

I don&#39;t really like Bollywood actresses and then Sushmita Send happens and all the amazing things she do... And the perfect aura she has.... You have my heart 

Real beauty Sushmita️
This woman. My gosh. How incredibly admirable. How incredibly strong and kind and generous and graceful all in one. She&#39;s been my inspiration since i got to know of her from my mother and now many years later I&#39;m 24, still in awe of her. Love you Sushmita Sen

She&#39;s a gorgeous women who is full of passion, knowledge, courage, love and elegancy... 

One of th most lovely Bollywood actressess i have seen, Sushmita, Rani, Preity, Aishwarya etc

Renee ,little sush.

Sush and these days prabhas from South movies these two personalities are rare like Amitabh ji.

What a gorgeous lady ,sush personality I have never seen .

Renee jesi is the same as my sister. Ki ladhki hai cute i love rene so cute beautiful i like sush mam
oh my god.. her comment on the diamond.. that is what priyanka chopra has been quoting verbatim .. lol.. priyanka has an inspiration

Oh god!! what a lovely conversion

Why not in Hindi, Indian wants to be always westernised thinking to acquire attention across the world,But I say &quot;gulami abhi bhi barkarar hai&quot;

2 gorgeous women Simi and Sushmita. I didn&#39;t know this happened-this conversation. When 2 articulate ,intelligent women,  meet over a conversation -what can u expect? -No words to define this conversation .. Well both of u r very fascinating .Simi and Sush you are one of a kind ,u both don&#39;t belong to Bollywood, your  sensibilities  are not Bollywoodish. Maybe some kind of ambassador -for a larger human cause ? ? I wish to see Zeenat ,Sushmita and Simi on one platform someday. Humans  like these are not made everyday, Once in a while, so we must celebrate and appreciate  them.Both have the same charisma, aura ……..

What I liked about this chat show is that this wasn&#39;t a gossip show like karan johar or latest neha dhupia&#39;s. The questions are such phenomenal. You get the to know real story about their life. Elegance at it&#39;s best.

I just want to say ..i love u sush

A Diva in all the sense.. I just adore her for what she is..

The thing is fabulous personality, may Allah give you hidayah

What a wise lady she is.she wowed me

Not a plastic actress like we have now.

&quot; celebrating yourself has to come from you&quot; -sush

Sushmita always  amaze me. Her gift of gab is just phenomenal and uncomparable. I have watched this interview for more than 20 times and I still feel excited hearing her respond to such intelectually-stimulating questions. I also adopted a child more than 3 years ago and by far, it is one of the best decisions I have made. Much love to the both of you - Simi and Sush.

Tons of elegance in one frame 

Love it when she tld loudly sing shamelessly sing I wanna be that mom

She is lovely strong and confident woman !

Watching this is July 2019, and Renee u r so cute and catchy and no doubt very smart child. Sush mam is lucky to have u and u r such a awesome women.

OMG  look at her face while she is smiling 

16.15 Don&#39;t need a man for that Yes i did buy my first Diamond   with my own money.... As Sush very rightly said.... Y need someone to celebrate  urself... Wooow loved it... I love u Sush as many others do... BTW me Bengali too from Kolkata.. Tumi Sotti ekjon osadhoron Baktitor Manush ( U r an Unbelievable outstanding Human being)

A beautiful mother and a human , she is so elegantly dignified....and yes Renee is so adorable she remember me singing those songs back in nursery...

2 strong women...
How gorgeous you are sush  you raised your babies like princess so humble &amp; talented.. May God bless you

Superb Susmitasen and her daughter

The interviewer and Sushmita really compliments each other... One of the best intrvw

Rini is so sweet

Incredible Women!!! I love her....
The diva of best women in this universe @ miss sushmita sen

Rendezvous pronounced as rawn-dei-voo

When she said &#39;celebrating yourself comes from you within &#39;my heart added beats 

Sumitha is an earthly Angel. Every word she utters is like a spell of a pure soul. Love you Ms. Sumitha.

Such, dear. Hollywood is waiting for you..i have yet to see a deep thoughtful actress./ artist..Their is a definet void here, I wouldn&#39;t be surprised they necessarily feel it, plz try it.. Even your personal story.. Love ️

What a beautiful <a href="">conversation.love</a> u sush .

I love her 3000 ️
I really respect <a href="">#Sushmita</a> sen!!Am happy that I am fan of her!

I love  her always 
This angelic woman️️️
I cried a lot to see  their bonding

Lucky girl.. Renee
Ek aurat ki definition h sushmita.itni choti si age mei bachy ko adopt krna sush is symbol of luv , sympathy and care

She is so magnificent..she reminds me of Jennifer Aniston, the way she talks onlyOtherwise she is the Sushmita &lt;3

Sushmitha ur a pure soul,, love u,, my respect to u  

Thanks for sharing these wonderful moments .Sushmita, you are amazing. Love you 

I don&#39;t know why people say so much negative about  AISHWARYA while talking about Sushmita. I have found one thing  that Sushmita  is a gem to the common people but Aishwarya is a gem to the creative people. I think this is the chief difference between these two great ladies.

Found this interview on my YouTube recommendations like really YouTube u suggested me this ... so late but m happy that I found it

&quot;Why wait for somebody to celebrate  you&quot;- wow!! What a line 

Act U
This is so amazing..Sushmita sen I love you so much

what a beautiful smile  love you always sushmita

Sush u r an inspiration for every girl in the world 

The level of questions are so high that no chat show of current time can match.. amazing

Shes gracefulll miss sen

How can someone dislike this video?

So cute baby

Indeed  a beautiful  soul

Respectable  lady
while listening to this lady  ...i  forget  everything....  she is so attractive   so   elegant ....so  beautiful...actually,  no word  has  that  perfection  to  glorify this  lady  to the  best.

Simmi ji such a great show you have done. You are a wonderful and graceful lady I ever seen.  I love all episodes of your show. God bless you.

It is a one of my favorite show. Really I can feel that love and bond between Sushmita ji and her daughter Renee.  Its like make me feel so emotional. I really a big admirer of yours Sushmita ji and I love you so much.  May god bless you and your daughters with lots of love and happiness.

I&#39;m literally kissing my mobile on Shushmitas Face...i hv watched this interview too many times but everytime again watch... Love u Sush... Definitely u deserves d Miss Universe Crown ... May b u more worth thn many things

Who are you Sushmita? How do you have this type of maturity at very early age? You are really an inspiration.

She has got a brilliant kid

Both r really elegant...well spoken n sophisticated ladies

HOW COULD SHE BE SO AMAZING SINCE SUCH AN YOUNG AGE.. WHAT A LADY.. SUSHMITA!

Great respect to Sushmitha ji&#39;s parents ,the way they raise her amazing , they are great role models to all the parents out there.

Who is here after rajiv masand interview...?? Can hear to her all day....

She is so generous....So warm and she has a Class...Sushmita rocks as always..

She is truly miss universe.. Only a miss universe can take care of a child out of bearing one of own unlike so many others who only care for their own womb children.  She is God Gifted...

Simi is amazing..

&quot;down the line i hope she chooses me back&quot; ......... Loved it

Who is here after watching Rajeev&#39;show??

Such a beautiful human being, a pure soul, lots of respect to you sush.

Love sushmita
Fabbbbbbbbbb woman No idea why directors didn&#39;t line at her doorstep. Probably cuz she didn&#39;t act dumb n sweet n cute. Aishwarya on another hand, her contemporary. Is so fake AF. No one can watch her interview. And with age, she lost her beauty too. But this woman grew in beauty 

Being a little bit selfish is not a bad thing. Denying it is .

God bless Renee and her sister too and god bless sushmita

I just love u Sush immensely....there is no other  world to define you....

Beautiful and natural, respecful  Indian woman

Speak so I can see your soul....lovely title track

m really overwhelmed by watching ds type of bonding bw reene n sush... love u both

the questions were indeed amazing... Sushmita has such a strong personality. Very inspiring &lt;3 &lt;3

Sush eyes when she talks about Reene are so bright.... Love her can&#39;t  get enough.,and the host Simiji is so beautiful and calm...no interruption during the guest talking...

22.29 Woooow me too Bengali feels so proud that finally she used few words in Bengali... Which means she&#39;s growing that Baby so well... She already speaking 3 different languages... English Hindi Bengali.... Love u Sush ...u really Proved d Best thing comes from Bengal... Like many legends Rabindra Nath Tagore... Satyajeet Rai.. Mrinal Sen..Hrisikesh Mukharjee...  R.D Burman.. kishore Dada.. Alka yagnik.. Bappi Lahiri.. Kumar Sanu.. Shan..Abhijeet.. Shreya Ghoshal.. N very latest  heart throb of Indian Male Singer.. Arijeet Singh.... Woooow Proud b Bengali... Thr many names if i tk d names it ll b endless...

Not against Aish she&#39;s Miss World definitely for a grt reason... But when i look at Sush.. For me she looks even more beautiful than Aish just look at her eyes it&#39;s so <a href="">#pleasant</a> <a href="">#Smooth</a> <a href="">#deep</a> it just speaking itself so much..Her Smile.. Her Teeth.. Her voice tone... Her hair her Lips  her body language  her Way of talking it&#39;s just tooo  wooooomp just toooo perfect... Now u people&#39;s out thr u know y she&#39;s Miss universe... So clear mind no confusion no hesitation.... Better choice of words... 

sushmita sen is so inspiring...

You are a true beauty not only physically but also by mentally. Love you so much

Her smile .......
Such a beauty with elegance and grace... wish she&#39;ll have her own daughter to carry it

Interesting thought .. why wait for someone else to celebrate you 

She is amazing pure soul, very inspirational 

couldn&#39;t they afford a better television?

Just love her attitude..so much to learn from this lady..

God bless u sush...respect u very much...live long and happy life...

Thank you Simi This lady Sushmita Sen she is awesome... pretty and very intelligent,  you lived every moment of your past. No one else can speak through your vocal cords, and, equally important , no one else has your story...Sush - God bless you, love from  Sri Lanka 

Who is here in 2019

This is still fresh

I have seen so many episodes of rendezvous bt this episode made me write a comment....Sushmita ....u r a wonderful woman as well as a wonderful Mother....so glad to see d wonderful bond between you n Renee..I love u...Love u Simi ji...

A lovely host and that is Simi who is so unparalleled Sushmita is one of the most revered women I have ever come across She epitomises Renaissance in herself,a true woman of substance Hats off to her grit and devotion for whatever she wants to do You both are my favourites

Susmita is an international model . So seductive voice so genuine 

You are great sushmita but please tell your daughter to marry not to become like you .you had family with siblings but they are orphaned so please ask them to marry

Incredibly beautiful

I love Simi n Sush.. 
When I speak about class,  there are few who comes in my mind first... 1. Zinat aman2. Simi garewal3. Shridevi4. Sushmita sen

I love and ADORE you Sush. . .May God bless you

This was such a good show how come kwk replace it ever

Renee is so cute
After seeing I so emotional I m and crying

She&#39;s way ahead off her age and time.

Mesmerising

She&#39;s the ideal....

Now this is called &#39;Femininity&#39;

I just love sushmita sen

Rene is love

The most honest interview ever....  Love her..  She is awesome

She is an amazing personality a magnetic personality

I love....I really respect her...she is a true beauty... Sushmita...is a wonderful person none of any miss world can be like her....

Which is the lipstick Sushmita Sen is wearing

Why would someone dislike this!

She was gorgeous 

love!

I got goosebumps...listening to her tell the story of her adoption.

sush u r incredible
Aami shona koi..aami mithoo koi.. Sushmita ... and renee..

Omg!  Sushmita is too mature, i love her kids

God!!!!!Reene is sooo adorable Sushmita mam I just love you 
She can easily get a contract at the State like Ash but it is her own will of focus on her own family rather than other rubbish. Keep in mind she&#39;s a fomer beauty queen and she is famous.

Two beautiful women ️️and such a sweet child
We Filipinos love Sushmita Sen!!!
I wish I were Renee so that I could live with Sushmita Sen.

Sushmita sen is really an asset of our country.She is far .far different from all other beauty queens.There is nothing fake in her behavior.I love her always.

Renee was the 

Sushmita&#39;s daughter is so cute.

She is so beautiful inside out. She is destined to be Miss Universe. Amazing human being.

She didn&#39;t choose me I choose her ️ what a lady 

Sush, still so ahead of her time in such a gentle, matter of fact and humorous manner. True class.

Sushmita needs to stop smoking....her teeth are in bad shape

Miss Universe 1994

How come an eighteen years old be so composed and have such depth? No wonder why she won the title. Every-time I watch her interviews I am spellbound. She should represent India in the world platform than Aishwarya Rai, the Miss India runner up and somehow she won the World title as well. Did she?

I do salute both the ladies. Proud of you

May i say she is the most amazing woman in the business currently...It&#39;s a bliss to see u talk, so articulate, clear and sorted ️

&quot;Either you match up the size of the diamond or you match up the size of my heart.&quot; What a line!

Sushmita is really love. What an amazing mother she is! What  cute baby

A true women and a mother with golden heart....love u sus and Renee

Awesome interview.. she is the real Ms. Universe. She is the real diamond amongst lot of fake stones around. Love u Sush, not for ur beauty outside but for ur inner.

Susmita mam ur r just adorable person....Too much respect 4 u mam

Omg How Beautiful She Is? Well now I Proud to be a Scorpio

PeeCee&#39;s interviews have shades of her persona as well :)

You can like her interview videos without even opening them. That&#39;s what Sushmita Sen brings to the table. She&#39;s the first woman that comes to my mind when I look for a true inspiration and strength of steel...whether it&#39;s professional success, personal fulfillment, unapologetic desires, you cannot help but admire her for having so much self awareness, clarity, humility and strength. She&#39;s true definition of a &#39;Diva&#39;!

Sushmita is so underrated

Oh wow, this was so beautiful. Sush love you and Rene...

Two most gorgeous people! Both of you have been my inspiration, epitome of grace n elegance.

A negative person also seems to be good in this show.... magic of the show.....

Sushmita Sen is a Diva in every aspect ..more respect to her...lots of love god bless her

She defines woman at the highest level. Epitome of feminism. I literally had tears in my eyes!! She is an example to many generations to come..   Love you to the core...️️️️️

Love three of them..

No 1 beauty queen....she is the best!!!

Beautiful lovely..heart touching.. baby Renee is Sushmita&#39;s.. heart.. just loved it completely.. Sush Ma&#39;am ur adorable and full of love.. respect..

Just can&#39;t get over her
Omg shush look alike hollywood star Madchan Amick  even same accnt
She looks similar to samantha

Shut it up
What a lady.. Suits both..Stunning Simi and Super-awesome Sush!!No words to say!!Love you to bits!!

Such a great host India has ever and will ever see.... Simmi ji your are yourself the best epitome of grace pious and beauty....... Susmita sen is the ideal for everyone..... She nails every word... Every expression and every feeling...... We are do Proud of you and you are the most beautiful miss universe ever

her smile is damn cute 
The way Sushmita&#39;s mind works before answering a question is so good!!!and Renee brings such a big fat smile on my face!!

she has so beautiful smile. but now a days her smile is looking different , she has done smthing to her teeth..

Every questions she answered is so motivating

The secret to success is to accept that &quot;I am imperfect&quot; - so beautifully put by her. She is beyond words. Her flaws are her strength. Her ideology of motherhood is something which should be learnt by every woman. My respect for this incredible woman knows no bounds.Simi ji, words fall short for you. You are and will always be the best host anyone has witnessed. Nobody can generate a run-time of 30minutes filled with only and only good conversation. Your poise, your stature, your credibility is remarkable. I wish you good health and hope to see you back if possible. Lots of love!

Omg! The way she talks is mind blowing

Gem of a person Sushmita.....

Beautifully Fake

no words

Tears in eyes

Whenever i feel bad , i hear her. She is amazing ...

Sush is my inspiration

Both are cute superb love u sus

Drop Dead Gorgeous

sushhh is jus Love

Love the confidence and attitude Sushmita have.. just love her for this

such an inspiration...

Beautiful 
I love her voice..I love u sush diiiii ummmmmmmmmmmhaaaaaaaaa....u are realistic

Something about this interview, I keep coming back to it. That moment, &quot;Amar mitthu koi, amar shona koi&quot;...Awww;-)

God Bless U....Both....

This is a very very different interview than Sushmita&#39;s other interviews. My heartbeat dropped to see her eyes here. Deep like ocean, expressive like the splashes on the shores.

but vikram bhatt as having a marital affair with sushmita sen - how can she be so graceful and at the same time be part of such an affair

a million likes for sush. so intelligent and speaks so clear.her phonetics are very good. sometimes a mother who has given birth cant bring up her daughter so well, the way sush is bringing up renee. so confident at that age. lovely.

Can’t get enough of listening to her. So genuine and inspiring strong woman.

She is really miss universe!!!!!

How did we let talk shows go from classy like this to karan johar level trashy...

Sush is so self aware.. it takes people a lifetime to achieve this awareness. She is mature beyond her years 

She is one hell of a classy woman! I have always admired her for the courage, charisma and amazing personality she exuded! I hope she continues to radiate positivity and thrives on in the process.

I love Sushmita Sen.....she is so intelligent, such an amazing person, a complete human being. But I wonder why she got into a relationship with Vikram Bhatt- knowing he was married. Don&#39;t respect that, and of course Vikram Bhatt suffered later on with life for his own decision.

It touched my heart.  Icried.  So sweet sush

Beautiful
