Russia performing military drills in Russia?... Such a provocation!For all the money spent on military hardware you could buy plane tickets to have Russians kiss U.S. politicians&#39; feet.

They have the Russian Btr in gta5 playstation 4 version and it is BADASS!

Go Russia we support you even with our life.God bless you

commies love to play.....

cant wait to see how western MSM try to portray this as &quot;Russian aggression&quot; as it will be most amusing to see how they try to pull that conclusion out of their cavernous collective assholes xD

Nato= ISIS

To the NATO losers, you know the defensive alliance of retards, ISIS is our #1 enemy and you&#39;re yet to fight terror.Stoltenberg is retarded..!!

Fucking communist

I have an itchy feeling that multiple wars will start up soon and Kiev Ukraine is involved with the plot. The globalist elite and the US military I do not trust and Kiev leader Poroshenko is another Saddam maggot.

It must be a great feeling being out in an isolated forest driving a <b>Yars</b> missile launcher getting ready to nuke the yanks.

I would like to have the truck on the thumbnail to make a heavy duty RV out of it.

Ph is thankful to Russian Federation having giving us our very first AKs this month

One <b>Yars ICBM</b> can take out 8 yank cities = that&#39;s all the power you need.

Russia give an AK i go to war

The Russians are coming, pay attention Russia will defend itself.
Viva the &quot;Polite Army&quot;.

WORLD WAR 3 IS GETTING READY

Russian u say that guy looks Chinese <a href="">1:17</a>

All right RT people, you know the drill, a new video is out and time to suck some Russian dicks, get to work, chop chop.

in collapsed, Russia millions are starving when warmonger Putin spending millions for arms communism brings no prosperity, but only destruction.. However, China survived because of American money ..

I hope they are NOT the SR 28 Sarmat&#39;s!  The World is not ready  for a 100 megaton Firecracker! I heard it has a blast radius of 300 mils! and Russia is making 500 of them!

<a href="">00:48</a> ...Mad Max-vibe!

Shhh the boys are concentrating so they can save their lives BUT i cannot speak for those that send them into danger their lives maybe in jeopardy mmm just a strange kind of Wishful thinking NO NOT PUTIN

The rich family cabals will do something stupid to the humanity once again just like in ww1 and ww2.They dont care about people of this world only their profits.I hope they die in vain just like us.

Oké, in the wood iTS more difficult.....

instead of drills just blow the shit out of the EU but not scotland ........the English government use us but we love Russia

The Pallavicini family is a top bloodline in the global crime syndicate and they govern Palatine Hill in Rome. They had multiple family branches in Italy and Austria and ancestry from Athens Greece. The Pallavicini family married with the Rospigliosi Papal Nobility and also have a branch in London through the Cromwell family. Horatio Pallavicino was a financier for the British Crown and his family merged with the Cromwells. The Pallavicini family ruled over ancient Parthia or Iran and the Pahlavi dynasty that ruled Iran more recently are an ancestral branch of the Pallavicini family. Pahlavi is a term for the ancient Parthian language. Giancarlo Pallavicini from Milan was an economist and adviser for the Soviet government. Prince Filippo Rospigliosi is an Earl of Newburgh Scotland and also holds Pallavicini titles in Venice and Genoa. The Pallavicini coat of arms uses the double headed eagle like the Scottish Rite and the masonic checkerboard pattern. Prince Filippo is a high level Scottish Rite Freemason.Yahya Sergio Yahe Pallavicini of Milan runs ISESCO or Islamic Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization and he is also the Advisor for Islamic Affairs in Italy. Nasser David Khalili is a Jewish British-Iranian billionaire and Vatican Knight of the Order of St Sylvester and Trustee of the City of Jerusalem and serves the Pallavicini family. Mahmoud Khayami is a French-Iranian millionaire residing in London who help found the Iran National company and he is also a Knight of the Order of St Sylvester. Elvina Pallavicini was known for supporting the United States war on Iraq. Iran and Iraq have been rivals and enemies. This family engineered the US war on Iraq. Prince Moroello Diaz Della Vittoria Pallavicini and Prince Sigieri Diaz Della Vittoria Pallavicini are top powers in Rome and the world. The statue on the Palais Pallavicini is holding a harp which refers to their authority over the USAF&#39;s HAARP system used for mass mind manipulation and weather modification.The Pallavicini family own Pallavicini-Immobillairie a multi billion dollar real estate development company, Global Wealth Management (GWM) an international finance firm, and they are invested in Greentech which is involved in renewable energies. GWM is located in Milan, Rome, London, Malta, Geneva, and Luxembourg. Banking is private in Switzerland and Luxembourg. The Pallavicini princes run Rottapharm pharmaceuticals and Prelios asset management. Alfonso Pallavicini was a top executive for BNP Paribas an international banking group with assets worth nearly 2 trillion. Members of the Pallavicini crime family include Princess Maria Camilla Pallavicini, Prince Sigieri Pallavicini, Prince Moroello Pallavicini, Margraf Edouardo Pallavicini, Marquis Alfonso Pallavicini, Yahya Sergio Yahe Pallavicini, and Prince Filippo Rospigliosi.

Go, Team Russia!

Mighty Russia stands strong against terrorist NATO.

Russia must design ICBM&#39;s as petrol tankers… easier to manoeuvre… hidden in plain view… 

Get ready people, something bad could be on the way for many. The psycho politicians on ALL sides should be placed on the front line!

Am I Imagining it, or is every military in the world on exercises.  Maybe I am wrong, either way all those young people will be fit as butchers dogs.

Spintires: Combat update

lol... russia is scared shitless of something lmfao !!!

Nuke Israel for peace. Guaranteed.
How Abouth  swarmdrones ?

This crap cant be good man!!
