Do you guys know that the world is very big because of social media, it is visible to us only on social media, it is visible to us that we do not want to keep relationships private, no one gets even the slightest hint, there is no spring in the clothes of Jaanvi Kartik. Where is the PR going to go and what is this stupidity they are doing right now?
Just for promotions

We know kartiki is a good person per PR Ke chakkar mein

Kartik is so Kiddish ...ewww...please nooooo....Janhvi do a movie with Vidyut Jamwal

Janhvi Kapoor and Ishaan Khatter best Jodi 
Who cares  like her mother let her also spoil her life dating no control   bcoz father not   interested only money matters

Sara and  kartik  Best  but  jhanvi suite  Issan  khattar

Wow. Jhanvi. And. Kartik. 
a lot of love

Wow - he is a real player.  Another one added to his list

Promotion

no he&#39;s not good for her

Publicity stunt

Not interested  in their life  story

We r not interested

Ugly boycot

Very nice 
Not janhvi and kartik .. I like only Sara and Kartik .. Please broke up u both .. Please Karthik date Sara not Jhanvi .. I only like Sartik..

It&#39;s cheating.Kartik Arayan is Kriti Sanon&#39;s boyfriend.
I will hate every girl that will become upcoming girlfriend of kartik because I only like cute beautiful couple anantik not anyone

Who knows maybe this is also a PR stunt?

He want to follow RK footsteps,they are not contented in one girl.they want only to play and use them,then goodbye and find again a new one then again goodbye..poor women!

It&#39;s just for promotion

Dostana 2 will be flop

Omg I loved him now his a playboy y 

Janhvi kapoor best
I like sartik

He is literally getting linked with like every star kid, sara , ananya and now jahnvi lol

Karthik is a playboy who wants to date all the starlets. Jhanvi should beware of him.

Janvhi my frvt actress ever ️️️️️
This nepo kids don&#39;t love any one they just do time pass for publicity and then live them just like how Sara has done with Sushant

16th

They will make a good pair️Waiting for Dostana 2 

14th comment 

One slipper marunga!
remours

My girl you are making a big mistake U are half south Indian You must look for your life  partner there if you want to be very happy An don&#39;t make mistake dating bollywood stars looking outside to avoid problem and also make your mum proud

First

Waiting 
<b>Karthik is the next ranbir kapoor</b> He was linked with ananya , then sara , then jhanvi All sara,ananya,Jhanvi  will become rivals now for that guy like deepika, alia &amp; katrina

Kartik is the new playboy..

Third comment

Upload Sidharth Malhotra birthday gift video
Frist Comment
