<b>WHY DOES THIS VIDEO HAVE SO FEW VIEWS?</b>
Kaay yeh raand peepar mint khaday khaday chudwaay aise rong ghabraay jaay agay khud samjhdaar ho
&quot; Salman khan ki mari hui lund me lapet do &quot;
No bhaijan is great its wrong

Who Is She ??

Are they from India or from foreign, speak Hindi, whatever you want to speak.
When salman has girls like  Jaqueline then why he would f**k this 10 rupees gb road  ki rand?

There is nothing better than Bollywood madarchod...
To save time summary of this vedio is she is saying that salman khan fucked her and didn&#39;t give her movie ..... so she is okay with getting fucked....

<a href="">

I don't think anyone has given me the pussy to fuck.
How many balls have you bought?
Mother fucked me full of bolloywood 
This woman is a beast..


Reality of bollywood.

It just frestation.

You are talking about Salman Khan. You yourself are a Randy and you have no one to talk about others. You are telling your character and you are telling one thing that you yourself are the one who makes false accusations about others. This fate will be very bad today, not tomorrow. Salman is Salman, you are stupid, I am ashamed of you for making a mistake because you yourself have made a mistake.
Salman is like a lark who will sleep with you 
Fake girls

Salman Khan 
Who slept with us 
Real Bollywood



After this all?

bollywood vale chutiye hai

What&#39;s her name?

Who will understand the bitch?
This is true
They  killed SSR️. Bollywood is gutter  boycott it
Bolliywood gutter
India wale hai hi selfish and religious

Oh nice nice
 percent true bat bollywood hai hi aisa
Guys, the way she is speaking is the reason why the society is wondering who is Randdi..some talk must have been said and it seems like she is saying hate you girl because whatever you are saying, even the children are watching it..that's it guys. Tell everyone why you are uploading the video..
Salman Khan has never met anyone like his father in India.
Q. Why god don&#39;t punish bad people?

Just truth,There&#39;s a dark world behind  those flashes

Kaam deo bhai इसको वर्ना येह ईसा क्रेगी येघ
Salman's place is available
Her language show her character..
Why did u sleep with him just to get a chance in film..

Nice

Brother, this is my soul, she is insulting her brother, this is not a good thing
And yes these people are like that ,Phle ke actors kam se kam inse toh ache the.

Support talent not star position in bollywood ,if you seem to not getting work in bollywood,finish this thing now ,we have so much population that we should make a team of states independently , including bollywood.

Omg 
Toh abi tak Kyu socp tii  Pussy kol nay kaileya chup ty
Wow... first I went out to sell my honor for money.... or now I am crying.
 ohhhh my GOD
pehle tawayfe hoti  thi , aur dallle hote the , aaj unki jagah ye bhar rahe hai .

Sallu bhai...kaisi lgi aagya swad.Best roast of selmon .Bollywood m aesa hi hota hai.Sallu and his family are super duper betichodo.

Everything else is true, everything is true. But it was your mistake, you were greedy and you introduced yourself to these children. Hey, the rest of the world is stuck only in movies, they have some money, they can do a job, they can do a home based business. You took the famous honey, did you give it to everyone every day or did you take the unhoney bee. I think she is wrong but you are more concerned about your situation.
Pagal hai

Good 
BHAI TOH KAAM KARE KAR NIKAL GAYE 

Salman khan my favorite because anyone rost him

where are you from
Fakeer
️️️️1
Good video
Somebody give her publicity

hahahahaha
Ani

Whatever it is, but Salman Khan is laughing in reality
What the fuck 

Omg
comedy video h

What Laga De Salman Khan ki
Selomon can 
She is true 
Full of hole sale trade

And fool people watch movies..lol

Too much
Salute to pooja

Kitni  mari

BEHEN JAL GYI BEHEN JAL GYI....PAGAL AURAT! HAHAH

What the hell is this?
There is nothing I can do with him.
all film industry are derty

Good one 

Goli: Are you understanding Moli:hnGoli:No you do not understand,,..slmn that is why you are not marrying,, this is what you are getting  why are you marrying,,,, Moli: hn bhai now understand,, ,
Goood

A video which is so viral is so bad that all the other videos go viral without any reason, but this video goes viral with 2 lakhs and it goes viral.
Ur mishra nd gone to mulla khan

It&#39;s not fair free mein chodna galat hai  paisa do uska Salman

Daru pikar pagal
There was fun and this is the fun that I want to give to every Indian.
I don&#39;t know man. She could just be a schitzo. 

Selmon ki aachi mari 
You are acting very badly.
Jacqueline ferendz ko dekho salman khan ke sath pura lockdown sath rhe thi Rozz tapatap tapatap

The poor girl did not get cum after fucking for 10 years.
It is called aag bagola

You madam salman ne maja nhi diya
So Desperate for attention
Sherani
Drunken
This year's going to be bad
You ducked him right so why you Complaining

She is very upset. God bless this beautiful lady and must punish her culprit.

Film mafia

Salman is the best
Bycot khans

U all bollywoods are gutters ...U all can give your ass for films

mind blowing madam ji
Whatttttt

My fb id Nadan parinda



Unnecessary attempt of gaining some limelight

Agar ap asli insaan hai toh don't watch Salman Khan movies in theaters plz
Why did this video not come in the news? Salman got exposed.
Atcha wild huiya
So painful.. .
True sherni. ...
Bollywood drama 
Video leak kro yar
Puri 200% pure Randi hai ye tho
Call me 9129356429

Mujhe aapse bat karni hai

Tapa Tap Tapa Tap
Sexwood   bollywood 

Real face of Bollywood yes true

Rundy

Boycott selmon boi
She faced so much prblm in her life.. That&#39;s why she so angry

She will not kiss Salman Khan from here on out, Salman Khan will not let her see his picture's.
Is it a fact.... Then it&#39;s very sad for her.

Pooja what is this behaviour

Bollywood is randikhana

She is speaking truth Salman &amp; many heroes fuck their co-actress &amp; give them role



very nice
U r screaming because u dud not get money

matlab kuch BHi
Something was indeed

Bc hume bhi dedo koi yr
A real gentlemen or lady can not be part of entertainment or film industry.

Pagal ho kya?

Salman bhai toh phaskaya
What are you crazy about, yes, that's why she is talking like this, Salman didn't show any emotion...
What an english

She needs help

Jhooti

Real picture of so called heros of India

what proof is there
F*<b>***</b> me



Hahahaha Bhai it was fun <a href="">#SSRians</a>
Bad bad bad......

Why didn't I complain to the police?
Just watch this video if you feel bore 

Viral this video

salmon bhoi 
Brother, why are you keeping this video?
Salman Khan is dead......L
She&#39;s durg addict
Yes my College Friend Also said me this same Points. ....................<a href="">#Boycott</a> Salman khan. ........

Y to aese bol rhi h jese salman ko isne hi debut film di thi suraj barjatya ne nhi
And mental h yar
ye tealty h film industry ki

well done
Ye hai Bollywood ki hkikat

She is on drugs

Sushant Singh Rajput 
My dream to fuck hole bollywood

Bollywood aslil hrkat krta ha

Bollywood 

I hate bollywood

ẞuPEB
ẞalute and rESpeCT your bravery mam

Bjp-bhag jolha PAKISTANN
ReAL face of bollywood

 this is the real face of bollywood

he said the right thing
Tu pgl h

She said 100 % true lines about Bollywood. Yes guys this is the face of Bollywood. Which she exposed once more time.

Salman is Gay why you shouting

She needs to be in a mental hospital.

Send them to bodoland.... We will chop their dick into meat

Mumbai =  ,.......... Y even people follow them....
Ha ha

@salman khan
You are a whore, you have cheated yourself
I&#39;m sorry But,That&#39;s the way Hollywood in USA works. Ask me Personally. You should love doing it. No Bickering. Follow Sunny Leonne.

mujhe bhi chodna hai

Bitch why are you crying?
nice one

700 th like mera

salman khan me january


There is no animal as beautiful as Salman, all of them are prohibited in Bollywood.
Salman suar h
Abey isko Salman ksise chod sakta hai  sakal se hi rand dikh rahi pig jsisi sakal hai isko  upar Salman Khan totty bhi nhi krega ..fuck of bitch ..witch girl fucking born by dog

salman khan khud sona gachhi jake apna gaand maarwata hai
Randi's saver is Salman Khan, Bhosdi's saver is Saale Gidr...
Fuck u girl dont talk about salman


Rande sali proof De sadly
Next Kiska during Randy's party sex
Haram ka pilla Salman Khan
Noo body from Bollywood dare to support shushant&#39;s case.... Who will yours... After all you are a girl, it&#39;s always your fault.

There are many shushants and pujas are being suppressed to death  by these Bollywood Vultures.... God where is our morality....

Bhai iske paas proof kahan hn ki isko chod diya?rape kiya h to case thoke 

Salman nali ka keeda
Shi hy chodo buddy kah

speak in Hindi
Salman's mother's house was destroyed.
Salman's truth has come to me brother, Sushant is like this and has committed suicide.
She seems true... Bollywood is gutter

it&#39;s bitter truth ...
Viral karo

Viral kardo

How pure is this lady, he knows from her language..or the same thing that Salman Khan is saying to this person because of what he has done...
You need treatment

Who would have fucked Salman Khan's sister too?
Salman's mother's pride.. Louda  Said it right
This is Fack

What is reality?
<b>WHY DOES THIS VIDEO HAVE SO FEW VIEWS?</b>
<b>IS THIS TRUE?</b>

randi h
Reality hai ye...kaafi heroines and models hai jiska rape kiya hai salman ne...or with family...lekin pooja mishra ko sab pagal bolenge....kyoki salman sach kabhi samne aane nhi deta

Randi

True

Cant belive her guts
Randi

App ki height kitni hei , net mai Salman 5'8&quot; hey

Is there any example to show what is the benefit of eating like this?
Jabe randi

What is this?
Her face is worse than my dick.
Oh my god, when no one asks...that's how my ass gets started.
Pooja tu to Randy hai 



He is nice
Isko khud paisa kya bekharan sali...this poor guy has not been given any film hahaha...simply he has the talent to speak unsuccessfully.
Randi

Now many ass holes come and tell her bitch But not a word to Salman So that no other woman can&#39;t speak about their abuse

Salman ji please mess up her mouth I hate her
Randi

Ranfi

is it true? 

Salman khan subke burrr aur pichwada ko dhooza dhooza kartaaa hey he fucks all those who r costar and another .     He fucks according his wish may be in back or down hole .  I think salman fucked her very hard and didnt give what she damands so,she aggresive      fuck you both     U fucking lady u should know that bollywood or filmy industry all r same.

Laude se!!

Tu to randy

Bokchudi
