Are you using Mac or Windows?

Windows: has been doing the same things apple has and doing it way better for way longer, with a chesper price. Plus your able to do a lot more.Apple: looks nice i guess.

Apple is made in China GARBAGE - do not buy CRAPPLE

very click bait! i have to give my 2 cents... i totally know the feeling your experiencing.. thinkPad good choice for a PC work horse.. and for powerful &quot;mini&quot; devices.. i bounce back and forth..<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/m8MfY4jbFsWJhL0PyouA2Ak"></a>

Almost any laptop + GNU/Linux will give you the Unix experience, way cheaper and the freedom of FOSS software

Apple is killing in Smartphone but not in laptops.

Now all you have to do is getting rid of the heavy OS Windows and install Linux

overpriced crap

This didn&#39;t age well..

I just got a macbook pro (my 3rd) and all I do is ways to get rid of it and get a windows laptop. The mac OS is a fucking joke. A literal fucking joke compared to windows. I remember ranting about windows but I take it back. Im sorry windows. I didnt mean it. On the other hand I have an almost brand new base model macbook pro for sale. Still under 11 months warranty.

Why did you open the other one the same way

Windows is simple with no restrictions.

how y&#39;all don&#39;t use mice on y&#39;alls&#39; laptops is a enigma to me

Windows 11 steps into room 

Sorry this says nothing ... this could happen to any product ... a production mistake !!! GIVE ME A PRACTICAL REASON RELATED TO WORK ... just beca one product version/ series has a production problem it DOES NOT MEAN THAT APPLE LAPTOPS ARE BAD : I was hoping for some real professional advice ! You wasted my time THANKS A LOT

I will use windows for life

Windows sucks but at least it doesn&#39;t cost an arm and a leg.

I did the opposite. I switched from a Thinkpad x1 extreme to a MacBook Air. The Thinkpad is heavy duty but at the same time it can feel cheap. Parts feel like they&#39;re loose. The bottom right side below the trackpad creaks and &quot;pops&quot;. Something that seems to be a widespread design flaw.  Having that said I just bought a MacBook Air m2 and I&#39;m loving it. They both serve their purpose but the MacBook seems like a laptop I can carry around and sit on the couch with where the Thinkpad is better on a desk. The thinkpad gets pretty hot too and the fans can be loud. Also it creaks worse if it&#39;s not on the desk. Other than that I had a few potential issues that may require repair. I was running into BSOD and other issues and while it may be possible the Thinkpad is fine after I did some things to it I&#39;m glad I now have a Mac in my collection.Both are good options, but I&#39;m enjoying the switch from PC to Mac right now.

Thinkpads are known for their industrial looks

Booho, bad repentance

Unfortunately the Lenovo support is horrible and the devices have many problems (bloating batteries, overheating etc.)

apple did an entire campaign how pcs are for boring people and macs are for young people....except now macs are stuffy business machines that ignore gaming.

Apple has HORRIBLE battery life. I&#39;m typing on one right now. It holds a charge for about 5 minutes. No joke! Don&#39;t buy apple!!

Association with the apple brand??? How is that a positive for any product????

I waa curious about Apple Macbook Air and bought one used from 2015. I liked the design but I hated the operating system and replaced it with Linux. I also hate that I can&#39;t upgrade the RAM. On Windows machines no problem.  So much better with Linux

a year and a half after this video, m1 processor came out and buying a mac became worth it

The truth is that Apple was Steve Jobs... after that has become a black hole sucking money. They even come back to the same design for phones that Steve Jobs created! That says a lot about the creativity nowadays there... Also the design of the laptops is lagging behind many Windows laptops (Huawei mattebok with their thin bezels and better keyboard or Dell XPS) i used to own a MacBook Air from 2012 and it was awesome. For 7 years i used with no problems. It was a beautiful design back then that no other laptop was have. Now they look ugly with this huge bezels and this horrible notch! Also people complain a lot because they have a lot of problems already after one year! It unacceptable for a 2000 $ laptop! But people will just buy no matter what because of the brand. They will keep making money but the magic has disappeared and in one day Microsoft will get their OS right and then it will be game over for Apple. They will need to improve or die out. Now they still live of the legacy of Jobs. But this cant go on forever.

Never had a Mac computer, however I&#39;ve noticed a common trend. Almost every single Mac user I&#39;ve ever met are computer illiterate people who don&#39;t know that there&#39;s something better. Apple is just overpriced and not that good!

I&#39;m using this stupid laptop macair.  I&#39;m selling this to my brother. This is the worst. It was brand new when I bought it and I have been using it for less than a year. I hate it  It&#39;s very limited.. Yuck

Macbook screen just broke on me. To get a replacement is nearly £300 and I have my thinkpad and its never given me any trouble. So yeah, I&#39;m done with Macbooks now.

i have both win and mac pro. but to be honest windows beat macs at all levels for me

Apple is the WORST hardware and software available. Unless you are an idiot and retarded, you do not buy apple. Apple is the sewage-tier of any hardware and software.

As a Linux user - I&#39;ve used my os of choice on various machines.One was a MacBook air - which was a joy with a low footprint OS (Lubuntu). I&#39;ve also used a Dell e6410 - arguably the counter opposite of a 2013 MacBook Air.The build quality on both were, from all I&#39;ve used - put simply - Tank like.Some HP probook series are worth a look.On the pinnacle of that was the Microsoft Surface - which from a performance POV (i7 - ate EVERYTHING I threw at it) was pretty much untouchable in relationship to the others mentioned.Build quality though?I was scared of looking at it too sternly. There was already a creeping crack on the outer screen.Awful. Display was too small too

Apple is a garbage company most of their products are outdated poorly built by wage slaves and macbooks all need smashing with a hammer pieces of low rate garbage

My web designer and marketing graphics both had Thor laptops crash full system and all I was told was is gone. No recovery. Recovery went with it. In other hand windows petitions it’s own recovery.

I have macbook 17 inches  2011 plus macbook 15 inches 2013 both have same issues the key  D, E, C, not working at all. thanks for uploading the video   I just purchased ( Dell XPS 17)  No more macbooks

I’ve been using my 2017 MacBook Air with no problems at all. I think about switching back to windows time to time. However 1. Fan noise in windows is waaayyy higher than MacBook. The fan noise becomes disturbing and annoying after a couple of hours.2. The trackpad is incredibly easy to control pretty much anything. No windows laptops have anything like this. 3. macOS is by far the most advanced operating system. I just close the screen and come back even after a month, all the open apps and tabs everything is right there even if it runs out of battery. Windows doesn’t have this.

I’m quitting MacBook as well. I’m now changing to Windows because I’ve noticed that Macs are pretty much harder to use than PCs cause I’m so used to PC.

because an x230 beat a 2019 model mac book air 

The M2 Pro 16 GB ram that I bought like 2 weeks ago is just amazing, about the best keyboard, trackpad, speakers and battery life with amazing performance, overall a great purchase that should last me 5-6 years if I use it without dropping it and breaking it like I did with my old 2015 Pro

This video didn’t age well 

Your words are so true. I recently tried to go from Dell  Inspiron to Apple Mac Pro. I used the Mac for 7 days and it drove me nuts. It is now on it&#39;s journey back home. Too many apps, so complicated to access, and a major project to operate. Do we want a laptop with a fancy name, or one that meets are needs every single day? Give me anything but Apple!

Windows is reliable :D :D One month later: Here&#39;s why I&#39;m officially quitting Windows Laptops.

I am boycotting Apple because they do not stand by their product. My 2016 MacBook pro 13&quot; has the flex gate issue and it just happened 6 months past the recall service warranty and they are trying to charge me $700 to fix a known issue that is their fault. Fuck Apple.

Apple = overpriced. end of story

I used both Windows and Mac Macbook air: Fanless (no need for you to do the clean up) ,Long battery Life (last for 18 hours) and lightweight ,suitable when you use it for work or light use.Windows: usually for heavy use such as gaming or do some video editing which it more flexible compare to mac.Both are great it depends on how you going to use it for.

Since apple with their crazy expensive prices, everything laptop in other companies has raised prices. it&#39;s awful

Try Linux instead of Windows. You&#39;ll see the difference. More speed, less errors, and more security.

Apple laptop days gone...new Intel processor windows laptop killing

2013 Mac Pro never upgraded because I never needed to still perfect no problems to each is own but just because a car has gas in it eventually it will run out nothings forever people lol

How I always talk about my thinkpad quality when anyone ask: when you put it on a table, it becomes a part of the table.It&#39;s just that rock solid &amp; reliable piece of hardware.

What I want are the near future to present laptops were the screens are transparent and I hope the manufacturer&#39;s (if you are one reading this please play attention) can make affortable machines with a new or excellent cooling system). One of my dreams in technology is to be able to go to any place and use my laptop, as simple as in a bench in my legs and not feel ANY heat at all from my computer.That would be so great and many can say with that it can boost productivity. Since start of COVID many of us work at home, so, think in that please (you rich and powerful people) give us that joy.

You missed to say that the Thinkpad can be a tablet (360 degrees); I love mine too (very much) BUT I think you just were in the point that you wanted a change (Apple laptops are as a matter of fact pretty much the same thing over the years, no much of hugh changes). When I was using Windows sometimes I would change to Linux Mint, cause of that (need of change). One thing is for sure now this 2022, you don&#39;t look in Apple things that you can&#39;t find in other brands. So, pickup your flavor and be happy.

Windows is smooth as hell i got a 2017 Lenovo yoga 920 installed with windows 11 and man I tell you it’s so damn smooth on a 5 year old computer that I don’t even think a new laptop is worth buying

I bet you contemplated your life choices when the M1 was released

FlexGate cable problem (backlight problem), KeyBoard problem, Battery recalls. What is going on with Apple laptops. Honestly I have lost all the trust. After using apple for 9 years. I am on windows laptop now. I recently had the First problem. Flexgate cable issue. Apple only recalled 2016 models to fix it. These issues are reported in 2016, 2017 and 2018. Its a 700 USD fix for screen replacement. For keyboard also. Its not just keyboard. Whole chasis has to be replaced.

This video is not relevant anymore

This was before M1 Max...

and the hinges ... i think they are gone in 3 years

Press F for Respects, Apple Fanboys. 

3 yrs after...here&#39;s the latest macbook pro and it bangs....fuck off mate 

having problem with c and v on my pro

This didn&#39;t age well

Now that MacBooks have great port selection, a lot faster and more efficient with the M1 chip. The battery life is far superior, they switched back to the fantastic scissor switch keyboard. The MacBook are the best speakers on the laptop market. You might wanna reconsider

This kyboard stuff is somthing that rally piss m off

apple laptops are expensive garbage you will need half the laptop price to repair the screen and mostly you will prefer to buy a new one rather than repairing the screen

Now, You have to rethink, because of the M1 chip.I&#39;m watching this on my M1 Macbook Pro, I&#39;m so satisfied.

I can&#39;t tolerate the music in background

TLTR : boomer going back to windows after 10 years and getting owgasm just by seeing the development it has made cuz he though more money means better experience and comfort

Ok keep using pc, u notice that Typing on mac is fast typing on pc is slow!

And Soon ill send u a plastic d k to s k u and bill gates to enjoy both usnig ur pcs = piece of cr ap s

No mac is durable

No mac looks pretty its made of steel in california usa, pc is made of cheap plastic made in china!

No u wasting ur life using pc and i wasted my life using pc because of my dads stn gy ness like u do!

No no no no mac is the best, u just wanna save money

No just keep using pc till its b0 mb s on to ur face

The keyboard is hard, just buy a apple wireless keyboard or use ur shty plastic made in china keyboard to it

Hhahaha, im totally opposite of u, i have been using windows for 10 years, its time for me to switch to mac for faster and no more errors!

I Passion Mac and Apple! :)

Because u dont love it

Here is Apple&#39;s fix... Uhm it&#39;s gonna cost more to fix it then buying a new one so let&#39;s see the newer model, it will break even faster than your old one. Louis Rossman answers oh it&#39;s a 20$ fix.

i bought a macbook for school work but every now and then i run into problems and i end up having to go to the apple store everytime. That’s why DONT BUY A MACBOOK it’s expensive but trash

As APPLE user myself :  I regret my decision!!

Lenovo over Apple anyday.   No bashing of Apple.   I can mod a Lenovo easier.   Way more useful applications.

how about now with the m1 macbooks?

Do you guys think this video had an actual influence on Apple‘s decisions regarding their macs? I kinda like the idea that they actually listen to the paying customer

I have never dropped my macbook or slammed it on any surface and it cracked and the crack started to spread.

Remember apple had alot of heating problems because it was smaller

Came across this video because my MacBook Air is showing its age, and I&#39;m seriously reconsidering what my hardware needs really are. I never had the keyboard issues with my Air that are mentioned in this video, and I&#39;ve written entire novels on my Air. That said, I found the argument compelling that going to Windows, you&#39;re just not missing as much as you used to - or that the difference between OS experiences has narrowed a lot. I&#39;d love to hear from folks on that. I&#39;m not interested in the Apple vs PC tribalism, but I&#39;m definitely open to being sold on how PCs and Windows have gained on the Apple form and function in recent years. Because as a long-time Apple diehard, Windows machines look a lot more compelling than they used to.

I too am moving on to the Lenovo. Your video an honest feedback come at a good time.

My Mac suck u can’t even download anything

bro its apple there definitely not the best

I ended up braking mine. I&#39;m not rich,   but certainly feel rich for smashing that shit up. Like health is wealth rich. I am glad it is not in my life anymore. You can tell I have problematic anger issues.

For the apps that you have pinned, Chromebook is more than enough

&quot;Here&#39;s my clickbait title but I&#39;m not actually quitting apple laptops cause windows devices are garbage&quot; (not saying apple is perfect tho)

&quot;not missing much&quot; is there anything on Apple OS that is comparable with Windows; OK yes, &quot;Notes&quot; is useful so  that&#39;s 1/10 for Apple vs 9/10 for Windows; unfortunately from my experience its impossible to get a Mac to boot from Chrome OS  so unless your willing to pay 100&#39;s of dollars for Windows then your stuck with an OS that presumably Apple found in a dumpster outside Microsoft HQ about a decade ago.

Chrome OS has taken over both Windows and Mac

You are so correct Lew.. Apple is not the solution.

Apple Laptops total crap product for 2021 technology…..

What broke my heart was the fact that I couldn&#39;t install PUBG on Mac to play with friends

Apple don&#39;t care about slave labor in the country that build their products for them.

I despise my new macbook pro. My old one died after 11 years and this new fandangled thing drives me crazy. I can&#39;t get it to do anything my old one did.  I can&#39;t fix the overly sensitive track pad no matter what I do...can&#39;t scroll... it clicks on everything..can barely touch it.  Seems like all the things that were easy about the old one now takes more clicks and movements to figure it out.

I wish I had seen this video earlier before buying MACBOOK pro. Switching from windows to Mac wasn&#39;t a good idea. I still regret it :)

I would say window cause is very easier, apple computers such a nightmare to use.

Laughs in M1 max MacBook Pro

When you work in real life, you want to have to different integrated ports like the Carbon. Speaking as a teacher having to plug in different screens for presentation, etc.

Man, your contents are becoming mundane. Whenever a new device comes up, you make a video with a caption “I am switching to this…bla bla” And then after few weeks another one. Create something better please.

Oficialy quitting for what like 1week...What a aloud mouth!!!

What is your thoughts now since the M1 PRO came out ??

Fuck apple mac or tiger, mountain, river whatever their shit is called. Switch to Windows folks costs less than scampple.

Now you can come back with the new Apple MacBook Pro with Pro and Max CPU. Will be faster than your Razor :-)

hate gloss displays ... no idea why people enjoy them

phew! thank god i have a windows laptop right now :)

I was expecting something significant and he complained about a sticky “E” key.  …so weird

I have both.Macbook pro 13 inch 2015 and ThinkPad T14 AMD 

I use windows all the time. Macbooks where I live are super expensive. Even if I could afford it I never saw the need for one or switching to one. Same with iPhone and Android. Overall I would more recommend Macbooks to students. Theres Windows laptop and PCs for Gaming, Working, School Work, Online School, etc. And plus Windows laptops come with more storage than Macbooks(I think)

You might want to check out apples new laptops.

Grew up with my dad&#39;s powerbook g4 and original 2006 MBP, but he switched to thinkpad (ran Linux regardless of hardware) a few years ago with a T410, I got a T430 and he&#39;s gone through an L420 as well since then. I absolutely love the thinkpad design, keyboard and trackpoint, I&#39;ve used that nipple almost every day for 6+ hours for 3 years and it is amazingly efficient.

Welcome to the windows club. .

This aged well

4 min deep into wideo and the guy is still laking about laptops&#39; keyboards.. nice

I am using Linux it&#39;s Kubuntu no windows no macbook and no money

fuck those apples with their  craziest prices

This is going to be really interesting once the M1X&#39;s release on Monday.

Well, time to sell a dongle for an e key

Mac is straight beta compared to windows

Why does many people have space gray is garbage

Only thing macs are good for is editing and artwork. They are 100% inferior in terms of gaming, upgrading, power, bang for your buck, 3rd party support, customization. ect.

guysdont buy macbook air m1 2020their screens are cracking out of nowhere

The nutritious century ideally suggest because editor evocatively nest past a scandalous ping. blue, meek boot

Oooo that ThinkPad is sexy. Run Linux on it and you&#39;re set ;)

Ubuntu

cant make spacebar becauseoffuckingjobssteve

very goodvideo

Windows

Apple: charging more, for less

Seriously, something as  simple as keyboard changed your life, all I have to say to you sir is that you sir are a simple man, and good for you.

OH NO I USE MAC BOOK

I&#39;m running windows 10 on a 2015 MacBook air for school and windows seems to run faster than the Mac OS. With only 4gb of ram.

Using a x1 myself so defo not an apple fanboy, but the arguments he&#39;s giving are pretty superficial.&quot;look at this faint black, keyboard is smooth, windows doesn&#39;t look that bad&quot;.If these are the points that make the cut for you buying a +700$ device, I&#39;m clearly living in an other world..

And seriously all these comments and this video is 1 or 2 years old. But now Macbook Air is different (2020) and is the best. Except its camara.

well Mac is still great for me and it will be too.

Apple sucks so much... I can not believe people still buying it. Windows, Android man o man this is way better.

time to buy the imac

What about now with M1 processors?

MacBook air m1 hold my beer

Two weeks later… after a few pop ups and viruses…and 5 reinstalls…

if you&#39;re a commoner then go for windows. if you are a software engineer, nothing beats MacOS.

I brought the Escobar fold because you said it was amazing lost my money fill bad about  that

I got an iPad with lumafusion and I have a 30 minute Vlog video and I can’t upload it to my photos…..What should I do with the video

This year switched to HUAWEI matebook.. one word. AMAZING!

Apple macbooks are total shit. I bought macbook air 2017 at 675 USD(50000 INR).Faced logicboard problem. Paid 400 USD (30000 INR) after 1 year. Now in 2021, faced the same problem again. And mf apple is asking me more 400 USD. APPLE IS A GARBAGE COMPANY

Estas comprando los sistemas operativos o el hardware ..? Si es el sistema operativo deberías agregar linux, no se cuanto te pago Microsoft.

I am on the opposite side of the story. I have a Lenovo (and I like it a lot), but I would like something that feels more quality. The laptop works great but it has a few flaws that my previous HP Envy resolved much more elegantly. The bad thing of the HP is that it had appalling reliability and the customer service and technical repair team suck in the UK.The things that stop me from buying an Apple are the fact that much of what I do requires W10, and the new processors throw further issues due to the ARM architecture vs the x86 that all my other devices have.I own 2 mac pros (towers) and I love them, they&#39;re both Xeons and for now I&#39;ll keep those for Apple development and the Lenovo as my daily laptop.

Apple = cost money even if you want to try Mp3 fart voice...absurd and also that shitty keyboard doesn&#39;t work it was a real gape for me...

I have a Lenovo thinkpad T450 running windows 7 and it’s one of the best laptops you can buy. I have never had a problem with it. I love it.

I have been using the think pads for about 20 years in my corporate environment of Chevron.  It is the best laptop ever.  So I bought one for my personal use but found out quickly that the damn Norton antivirus program kept wanting to install and pestered the hell out of me!!!! It drove me crazy, I didn’t buy it and it kept forever pestering me every time I turned on my laptop. What the hell!!!! So I said fuck it, returned it and bought a MacBook Air. Now I don’t get fucked with by the fucking software like Norton or Macafee shit.  The diff is that when your in the corp world IT takes care of that shit.  In the real world, you have to buy the Norton spyware or your fucked!!! End of story bud

I am having a problem with &#39;B&#39; key on MacBook Pro 2017 model

Laptop is Netflix player

I used to be an apple fan! But now I realized that apple products are just to look cool. &quot;waste of money&quot;.

Okay, nice I use Windows and thought Mac was better, hhhm k

Him after the M1 Macs were released: :o

chrome os

What an betrayer.

Fuck Shi t no apple is good

I will take the damaged one LOL <b>shooting my shot</b>

cause they suck lemons.-I have been tweaking that nerdy girls since 95

I hate apple computers

... and now for half the price you can get a Mac that performs just as well, lol

windows

He presented no facts, pure BS. waste of time video

and now he is using mac as his primary device lol

Windows Is Best ...No doubtApple is a showwork

My dad had a thinkpad from 2004..... he used it till 2018 and no major issues happened. It just explains the build quality of thinkpads

i would never switch back to mac after using windows once.

Anyway ppl,an apple a day keeps documents sorry Doctors away!

Funny thing, cause I am choosing to switch to Windows, cause my keyboard for Apple broke, and I almost repaired it for 521$.Also if Apple makes something completely different, that would be nice for a change and not the exact same god damn thing with a slight moderation

Windows is absolute trash. After windows automatic update irreparably erased my hard while simultaneously not even giving me the hard drive space back!!!!- and Microsoft could do nothing to help of fix it, I’ll never purchase anything Microsoft again.  Ever.

WINDOWS HAS ALWAYS BEEN RELIABLE.

Surprisingly M1 chip turned macbook becoming the best laptop now in most review....Fyi, i never use macbook yet

windows ftw

Damn things have really changed for Macs! Magic keyboard is actually reliable and wonderful to type on and the M1 chipsets are amazing. Leaving Windows for the first time in my life for a M1 MacBook Air.

Mac is good if you like crap products.

I&#39;m disappointed with windows and mac, if mac had more usb ports and their cloud storage actually worked, if windows updates wouldnt screw up everything right now I which I could combine macs hardware with the pcs easy functionality  and all the generous ports, I struggle just to right click and where&#39;s the task manager? like macs interface is not user friendly at all. Windows is common sense, mac makes you think to hard on where to go and what to do. Right now windows is so fucked up that the creative cloud isnt working at all. But it works perfectly on my m1 macbook pro. Like I cant win for shit.

Lol this dislikes are all from Apple nerds

I think USA is litteraly the only place in the world where people actually use Mac haha. Its so strange you talking like the most normal thing for most people is having a Mac and then experiencing windows after a long time. I&#39;ve only seen a Apple laptop user one single time in my life.

But u can run windows on the MacBook Pro

Unbox Therapy in 2021: Coming back to Apple Laptops because of the M1 Chip that Lenovo does not have

Look at the Thinkvook!

who else can&#39;t wait to download Windows 11?

&#39;<a href="">08:45</a>&#39;  Hi, I only got frm <b>Modnana :</b>   absolutely the sole

&quot;<a href="">00:30</a>&quot;  I actually have been using  <b>MODNANA</b>  no issue with it all

&#39;<a href="">08:24</a>&#39;  I prefer to use <b>Modnana :</b>  ️

Hi, I was wondering how to replace my working laptop Lenovo Y700-17 (I use it for graphics - I don&#39;t play games) with a new model.

But I don&#39;t know what to look at, I have already a 27 inch Dell UP2720Q monitor and a separate system unit with Rizen 9.

I need a laptop with only 17 screens, I took 15.6 top-end Apple Pro (it heats up and makes noise, which is just horrible), sold it!

I&#39;m looking at Dell G7 17 (7700) on Intel Core i9 NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070 SUPER.

For me, the power to work with video work and graphics is important and 100% SRGB, and close ADOBE RGB 100%

Budget 3000 $

Your answer to this video that was very true, is Apple silicon, M1... or the processor model that comes from Apple.

Why shadows are so black in this video?

Appl*

Took you long enough to realize the massive flaws within the macs and the freedom they give to customize and create

I haven&#39;t even had my MacBook for 5 years and the LCD is messed up and got marks all across my screen and I&#39;m also having battery issues and I&#39;ve been taking care of it the best I could and have not done anything to cause these issues. I had cheaper laptops that did a better job than this and I didn&#39;t take care of them as I did with this laptop. Macbooks are too overpriced for this type of shit and I&#39;m not buying another one just for the same thing to happen.

Still waiting until he tries Linux

Let me guess, you all back on MacBooks now

Windows get slower with time. That is the major problem.  I use windows 10 at home and office.  My friends use Mac and still have same new laptop performance even after 5 or even 10 years in most cases. That is really important. You know what I mean,  right:)

what ever it is..back to our main objective and purpose either using mac or windows.. every single thing is related with our work and daily life that we can consider to many factors : speed,time, cut cost, etc.

The think pad is what we use for the company and product and its pretty damn good overall quality and I didn&#39;t even know it was touch screen until I was only trying to point something out by accident.

Dammmm! I was thinking only me. I just sold my windows desktop because I wanted to buy MacBook Pro because I am a computer science student and I thought this is dream computer for  coding but guess what!! I can’t download visual studio or DEV compiler. I can’t download power bi. I regret. Please if you are programmers don’t buy Mac  don’t

I use my mac for all things from online marketing to video editing. I use windows strictly for gaming. MAC IMO is still better system and far more smoother than windows.

I dont know man, I have mad my macbook pro 2018 for a while now with no issues. Keyboard has been solid.

How are you gonna claim to know tech if you&#39;re running chrome?

In India each and every person love windows pc.

when you get a virus call windows support.. lol

I have no laptop....so!!!!!!

Watching this on my 2008 MacBook Pro which still works flawlessly and can do anything that modern laptops can do (except for touch ID). All it needed over the years was a good care, RAM upgrade and upgrade from HHD to SSD.

Try Using Windows

More than happy with my Linux :) Lenovo

Install macOS on pc

The new M1 just destroys everything

the moment people turn away from Apple is the moment when they stop being retarded

$2000 11 month old MacBook Pro wont turn on.... Apple doesn’t care and said i have to pay them to fix it.... I’m so mad, so I’m quitting Apple laptops!

M1 chip: Hold my Beer

People who does 3D and CAD stuffs never ever considered Mac as even being on par with Windows Machines. Windows machines have always been far superior and provide much more choices to professional 3D graphics and CAD users, in terms of hardware and software.

Watching this now, Apple is going back to 2014-15 laptops and doing some good stuff. I like other laptops, but Windows sucks. ChromeBooks are better than Windows.

All ThinkPad have smooth keyboard

&quot;Ayo wanna give me the laptops&quot;

and I m gonna unsubscribe u

Apple is for rich people, not smart people.

Did you know inside the Apple laptop the Samsung parts so yeah Apple stop it saying your device is a better know Samsung is no I hate the Apple

Keyboard and typing? In 2021

Uhhhh who the hell wants to use Windows? I am currently using Linux. I would buy an iMac or Macbook as an additional device. Never Windows. Its Dumb

Fuck macbook apple is shit alien dammmm tha shit is for trololo ppl

I do not like that Apple laptopThe Dell laptop is better than the Apple laptop

When windows makes the same build quality as apple and stop making ugly laptops with simple software then I&#39;ll consider.

i had a macbook pro for 4 years as my first laptopmy second laptop is a windows 10 computeri’m never switching back

ppersonal opinion  try firefox instead of chrome

come in from the dark side

then m1 macbook air came .

I wonder why there are a lot more dislikes.............................................................

I just enjoy it because it&#39;s very productivity based. If you want to buy a laptop for gaming or anything in-between be my guest. But with iCloud and me being able to buy a really reliable laptop with a 1600p from 2014 for $450 (Canadian). I can&#39;t tell that this thing is old and the design has aged well. I bought a $800 laptop from 2017 with newer specs but the screen was horrible and it failed me within 2 years.

Who’s after M1 killed everyone

I like how they are whole computers and this whole video is about the keyboard

When this guy get to discover Linux he&#39;s gonna have a heart attack given that he&#39;s that impressed by just windows 

My E doesn&#39;t work on my Mb pro either... Also when the devices becomes a few years old they just throw you out of the bus, and it&#39;s truly sad because the MB pros from 2010+ are still working just fine and still competing with laptops today. But with no support and with a OS that forces app creators to follow their latest firmware making them abondon their customers in a way aswell. 3words - Bad bad bad

My sister use to exclusively use MacBooks aswell but within 6 years she has like 3 of them laying around the house all with major issues that just all of a sudden happened one day, never dropped or damaged them physically. I use the acer swift and its proven to be fast and more reliable and has a longer life than apple while also having the metal body (sister and i love metal laptops alot idk why) cuz im still using the same one after those 6 years. My sisters now using the same laptops as i am.

Mac is prettier? Do tell. I find them really ugly.

My brother was sucked into the Mac OS ecosystem and refuses to swap to windows or Linux even though he&#39;s an engineering major. He says windows has poor functionality and isn&#39;t very user-friendly. Like I love the look of windows 10 but love the bare bones look of Ubuntu Studio XFCE session and regular Ubuntu and I hate how user-friendly mac os is because there&#39;s no customization and if something goes wrong your screwed pretty much the entire time. Like my Linux machine it lost the UI so I just reinstalled it when it reverted to command line. My windows 10 install had a UI glitch as well and I just opened power-shell and did a similar thing which was repaired my install. I am not even engineering I am a nursing major.

One thing I hate about apple is how skewed their benchmarking is. Yes their chips are capable of doing alot of processing but their thermal solutions are awful and if you run heavy program for extended period of time, the chips will simply throttle down to lower frequencies and overall perform worse than you think. Its like a sprinter claiming they can run 40 miles an hour but the race is a marathon.

Awesome video! I made the jump as well. Apple just can’t handle 3D graphics! So, I have switched to Asus 17” gaming laptop for my design needs. Man... I love the new Windows 10! The only thing I do miss is Apple Airdrop. But I found that they make a App for Mac and Windows to transfer files more secured. Also, Mac Driver is still around. I can plug-in my drives as well. My friends freaked out on my switching.... that’s ok.... The last time I used P.C. Is 1993. Boy P.C.’s has change. You get to upgrade your SSD’s, memory, and get better graphics like XTR 3080 graphics card. My laptop is  very quiet compared to my MacBook Pro. I should of done the change sooner.

I&#39;m going through a tight situation to go for mac or Windows, recently one of my colleague bought Mac air last year, and now complaining about the keys.

I&#39;ve just bough a 2021 M1 Air, and it disgusts me to think I was thinking of getting an intel i3 MacBook Air back in 2019. 

<a href="">3:22</a> I had an army moment when he said euphoria and epiphany 

but what&#39;s wrong in installing hackintoshs in your Pc&#39;s and laptops... you could literally enjoy your games and work seamlessly then

what are u talking  about? I am planning to buy a MacBook laptop not only because of the exceptional performance but specifically coz of the perfect butterfly keyboard

I’m watching this on an apple and I’m also eating apples currently

I’m switching to the Mac

My piece of advice to ... everyone !!!Avoid the ...&quot;Bandwagon !!!&quot;Thingy !!!!If its not suited ... in ...Your everyday workThen don&#39;t buy it !!!Just bec. Your neighbor, friend, or right next to you have it !!!Save your hardwork money esp. Were still in a pandemic !!!!

If you like the look of Apple Huawei is even more Apple than Apple.

I had keyboard issues, and when I brought the computer in for repair they found other issues that were not part of the recall.  By the time the computer came back to the Apple Store I had gone back to Italy, and with COvid I don&#39;t know when i will see it again.  I picked up a Huawei matebook which is great.

Just install a REAL OS like Linux on in and there is no no no no going back...

after macbook M1 everybody&#39;s getting back

Yesterday i moved back to windows / thinkpad T14 after a rough experience with macbook pro (which I brought home with a lot of hope and love by the way) with day to day compatibility issues from zipping the files to working on presentations and with no mail recall option in outlook for mac and no visio desktop for mac and browsing files in Finder and limitation of copying and pasting an item to your email and so on and so forthI might be wrong since I had used windows for 20 yrs before switching to mac which I initially thought but when it came to day to day issues which challenged my work productivity, then I said well thats it!

Mmm 14,000 butthurt Mac fanboys.

To ALL PEOPLE WHO CLICKED ON THIS VIDEO THIS FROM MY PART TAKE YOU ALL THIS: APPLE NEVER WILL BE THE SAME.

I absolutely love windows PC, I just hate their laptops. They always poop the bed for me after 2 years. I’m a big fan of apple laptops because it’s reliable and the eco system is pretty cool.

I am so tired of Windows gonna change for Mac

It took you 10 minutes to say you like the keyboard on lenovo better

so I was curious to quite (maybe) the apple ecosystem  (iphone, MacBook Air, Ipad,apple watch) what s a good replacement without being more expensive then what apple offer?

Just went from a Lenovo X1 Carbon to a MacBook Pro M1. The ThinkPad felt lighter; however, I noticed way too much flex in the body. The right side kept &quot;popping&quot; every time I place my hand on it - felt like the clips were loose. Battery wouldn&#39;t charge after 2 weeks. Did some research and apparently both were an issue with a lot of people. While the M1 don&#39;t have the specs compared to X1, native programs work extremely well.

And 2 years later he still uses mac

<b>”An Apple a day keeps the broke people away”</b>Apple...... my MacBook looks fine I think-

Apple phone are best but in laptop thinkpad is my favorite

Bro , you are almost crying when telling everyone how you don’t miss Mac 

I’m trying to switch to a Mac but I can’t because apple doesn’t have a right click!!!

my apple mac pro works fine but the delete key is wearing out

Took you long enough.

For over 2k of course it should be better than the MacBook

Mac sucks

mac fan are disappointed her faulty laptop worth shit

Gl

Goodbye Apple, officially done with you. I remember when Windows Office 97 lasted longer and had better endurance. I miss the old Nokias. sigh

I WANT A MACBOOK  LOL 

Window is internally fragile I experience it!! I’ll go with a Mac!

I&#39;d rather have that Thinkpad X1 Carbon be installed with Linux Mint. That is a great piece of hardware and so fuckin wasted to be used on a piece of shit OS like windows 10, IMO.

I always like Windows more than Apple that’s why I’m bout to get a Dell

windows 10 home

So whats the next step?

I&#39;m not learning a lot?

ok get to the point

Help! Anyone here using a Macbook Pro? Any success with the Excel functions using a Mac?  I am a finance student studying for the CFA and I feel like I am the only one using an Apple product for Excel and having issues with finding all the correct Excel functions/short-cuts. I am seriously considering purchasing a PC for all of my excel needs; but, I love my Macbook Pro. Please share your thoughts.

funny seeing this video after m1 macs

Had a Thinkpad W540 for 5 years...I had a Macbook Air for 10 months and returned it.



I am with my Thinkpad P50 3rd year now. Planning on leaving it in about 2023 the earliest. By then probably the X series will be insanely powerful and good.

The only reason to get macbooks is because of the easier terminal for programmers and that &quot;cool&quot; flex for the brand.Go windows and install a secondary linux OS. Better.

Well guys, I never use Macbook because they are for me overpriced even this Macbook air I know that macbooks are not heavy but they have so bad specifications.With macbook pro you can buy better laptop or PC

I no longer use MacBook.   You cannot upgrade it, you cannot fix it, therefore you cannot buy it.

Apple &gt; windows for dev, from a windows user...

i find myself googling &quot;why isn&#39;t ____working on mac&quot; 20 times a day and its usually some bull apple scripting issue or restart and press these keys blah blah. having tabs open on my 2017 makes it sound like its gonna explode and major battery recall issues for their systems. im so over it but i just bought one yesterday to replace my 2017...keyboard randomly stops working on a 1-day old laptop. im so done

Good one. Actually, there is a lot of good sense here!

I prefer a Lenovo laptop

I have a 2011 Macbook Pro running Sierra, a 2020 Lenovo laptop running Win 10. I enjoy things about both but I definitely lean towards PC. My main machine in my studio (music/sound design/production) where I need power will always be a PC, however.

“They aren’t paying me money like the cartel phone” the real reason some people are pro or anti anything

Aged very poorly, with the M1 Macs.

I love that keyboard it’s amazing

A decade ago i had bought a used lenovo but accidently left it running in the laptop bag, in my car , a whole day, under the scorching sun. The resulting overheat expanded the case and left an unsightly bulge on the hand rest area. I kept using it for another 3 years and retired it out of fear and awe.

My surface book is coming in the mail. Can&#39;t wait!!

as an audio creator, apple has like 1/2 the latency of any windows machines

I’m switching back to Apple laptops. I had a terrible experience with Microsoft’s surfacebook 2 recently, due to Microsoft’s own fault in updating. Sorry but I can’t go with any Microsoft associated products

Can you share the Wallpaper you were using on the X1?

Who else just feel urge to slap apple fanbois

You are smart

Have both but hate the Windows unpredicted updates on the new Acer. Most of the time when starting up or shutting down it needs an update that can take 3 - 5 minutes. Apple doesn&#39;t do that + touchpad is better from Apple. Also Finder is imo more organized than &#39;documents&#39; from Windows.Mission control (current desktops used) + launchpad (folder with all programs) are neat to use. Swiping to left and right to see the different folders is also a great thing with Mac=&gt; Overall I can work faster with a Mac than with a Windows pc.

I have a MacBook Air running Ubuntu 20.04

I prefer Windows better because it’s a lot more easier to use. Apple requires your Apple ID password every time you want to install a game.

this vid made me proud of my self for being a windows user, lol

The vignette effect on the video is seriously not looking good man!

i was more fascinated with macbooks 10 yrs ago.. they look sleek, but all of my windows laptops have been absolute machines and are so reliable, with no ports missing.

Literally just destroyed my MacBook Pro out of frustration and bought a Zenbook Dúo Pro 

I think my MacBook was a worthwhile investment but I also had a Lenovo thinkpad which was very good both are good options it depends on your needs.

I HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE &quot;R&quot;&quot;&quot; KEY

LOL SAME

14k fanboys disliked that

PERSON THATS A CRIME :/

I must disagree, once you go Mac, you never go back.

Apples M1 chip and new switchblade keyboard: hold my E key

im using windows

I’m  a system admin for almost 20 years now. Live and breath Windows and Lenovo for must of my career.My latest T series Lenovo (2019) with 16gb RAM does not compare to the performance I get from my personal early 2013 MacBook Pro ‍️I’m still shocked from this

I view apple as style over substance. They make great stuff, but they get rid of stuff just to get it .1 points more on the beauty scale. Coughs in headphone port

Steve Jobs has made 14k of emails and has disliked this vid 14k times

Lol this aged well

Macs are horrible.

No Steve Jobs, no apple! Simple &amp; easy!

I have a MacBook Air 2020, and a Lenovo Thinkpad laptop. Guess what?! Watching this video from my Lenovo from 2015. (Still an Apple fan).

I didnt know windows was bad. Gen z

Windows is the most unreliable, unstable and most vulnerable operating system with by massively far the biggest hacker community on the world. Mac is UNIX. UNIX is the most reliable, most stable and most secure system on the market. Wait till the virus attacks, the blue screen of deaths, the constant reboots and reconfiguration and tweekings begin, something you never experienced on your Macs. If you&#39;re quitting a system because currently have an issue with one of it&#39;s keys on a keyboard and the other system APPEARS &#39;better&#39; you deserve what is coming to you. :DDDDDD

Was that bought from bestbuy or from the provider themselves? Want to make this investment. Have been looking into it for a while and currently in stocks. Heard it was reliable and just an amazing piece of technology.  Would love if you got back to me with a quick response! Would greatly appreciate it !

I agree that the ThinkPad&#39;s keyboard is a joy to type on. The MBA isn&#39;t. PLUS: the MBA doesn&#39;t have a right-delete key. There is a Backspace that deletes to the left, but if you want to delete to the right you have to use two keys, BACKSPACE+fn. People who write masses of plain text want the keyboard to be EXACTLY standard. All the keys are ingrained in our subconsciousness and we want to keep them there. The ThinkPad is perfectly standard - it&#39;s type and go. Your 500-page novel will be finished in no time.

After being quoted for $520 to replace the lcd of my 2017 mbp touchbar due to those grey lines appearing after using it all day, I was done. Began having those screen issues last year, just a little over two years of having it. Bye bye $2,300.Apple’s latest machines are crap. Am thinking of just selling mine and might get a 2015 one instead. Keyboard is better. Or I can switch back to Windows...haven’t fully decided because mac OS is easier for me to use.

Isn&#39;t that macbook the one that has no connection between the fan and the heatsink :D

you still quitting lew?

Had 2 mac&#39;s back to back and both would not turn on after 2 years exactly. The windows I had is still going...

Did the same switched to windows at 2019. Touchbar, stupid keyboard, thermal throttling, and OS inconsistency killed Apple for me.

I have been done with apple laptops for years now. they may have fixed all the issues with the new models, But what about those stuck with the older shit model they overpaid for. Apple tax can go fuck its self, they dont have the right to overprice the shit there putting out now. I just switched my apple xr to a pixel 4a 5g. Anyone happen to know if there Is a way to keep using my icloud account on my android cell? I pay apple monthly so all my photos are saved in the apple icloud.

But my Mac book works fine

What ar you guys fussing about. I hav no issu

I tried using my mate&#39;s Apple Mac laptop, it was only the second time I&#39;d ever used a non windows laptop. After just five minutes I handed it back to him. I really disliked everything about it, just the layout of the home screen with the icons was bizarre and not anything like the standard Windows layout. Didn&#39;t understand what those three traffic lights were, and having no Microsoft Office was the real deal breaker.

I’m a hardcore apple customer, always been , I have never used an android phone or an android tablet but I have also never used an apple laptop ! Phones and tablets - Apple Laptops - windows

I absolutely agree windows has come a long way from the day.  I had to quit using Apple laptops because their was no flexibility in my work space. I was a Dos person then Apple now windows.  I use an HP 2-in One touchscreen 15 inch.  Its an amazing computer.

So much for quitting after the release of M1

When I worked in design and publishing I used Macs because when I sent files to people they were on Macs too. Then I moved into teaching and education. I still did a lot of design work but didn&#39;t NEED, say, the Adobe Creative Cloud.Mac stuff is stuff so damn expensive these days. Sure, top-end designer PCs are around the same price as Apple BUT there are 100s of cheaper alternatives if you don&#39;t need that. I went further than Windows but decided to embrace Linux and FOSS as much as possible. With Linux you can have a Mac-like desktop, a Windows-like one, something unique like Gnome or a super-minimal &#39;Windows 95 of steroids&#39; one. I won&#39;t pretend that Scribus is InDesign or that GIMP is Photoshop but Inkscape is in many ways nicer than Illustrator. I&#39;m happy.The ThinkPad has always appealed to me. I like its utilitarian vibe, great keyboards and, even on the ultrabooks, are more openable and repairable.

This video is literally a coming out video, you were “gay” for all these years but just suppressed it, now everyone who hates apple is hyping you up in the comments 

im using mac cause it has less updates and i can connect my devices with it because all my devices are by apple and from my point of view and my opinion windows just sucks the only thing i like is that you can do gaming but other than that no i hate windows i got a macbook air

I still don’t like that annoying fan noise . Over time with usage that get worse . I am ok with Apple . Apple is the best .

Being really honest. I like the older MacBook&#39;s keyboard... it has more feedback with with than the new feeling like softy. I Love the Mac-Air 17 laptop more than the 18 pro that I have used before.

I had an apple laptop, i used to argue with my friends saying apple is betterBruhI wanna break my laptopIts uselessI just wanna play a game

That’s good 

<a href="">3:09</a> That weird button is a track pad meant only for moving the cursor

Hmmm.... I guess your confusing device term with S.O software . You are not talking about devices you are talking about enterpresises, that’s sound confusing.

Apple is nice but costs too much

M1 fixed these issues Or not idk ‍️ But you still using other epic laptops rightBut your editors or people in the office (Some) use MacsOr not at all

I use both windows and macOS, and in just terms of software macOS is far better, more simple and smoother. He must not care about the little things, such as random apple genius that doesn&#39;t get advertised that only apple people would know in terms of functionality. Also, if I&#39;m going to spend a large amount of money on a laptop I don&#39;t want one that looks like my nana&#39;s laptop, with plastic everywhere, poor audio, useless touch screen and what not, I  mean heck it looks like a $100 Chromebook!  I do agree on the keyboard, I&#39;ve gotten used to the low travel, but the durability could be better, however I&#39;ve had no issues. I have a MacBook Pro 15&quot; and comparing it to something like that is like comparing a rolls Royce to a Camry. They both drive, but which would you rather have?

Big fan of Apple but a true believer in Microsoft. Happy to see someone else get it.

UHH..Don’t Care!  Not Apple...We’re not really interested....Sorry...Windows Sucks!

for apple fanboys: not all windows laptops are this weird. the trackpad is weird for me too, and the fingerprint sensor

Shut uppp

Now Mac&#39;s are faster due to their M1 chip.  But I still prefer windows as it is the most used just like android and has more optimised softwares

When apple fixed that problem you will regret everything you said only keyboard ️ well you are not a tech reviewer

Learn how to install and use a linux distro, you will thank me later. There are TONS of different distros with all sorts of looks and feels. even ones like mac, windows, and neither of them or both of them combined. its so much more than a nerdy complex hacking programming thing. you can get a linux system to be a &quot;it just works&quot; system that is just as polished as mac osx, not kidding. Go look into it.

apple for long term is a bad idea, stuff will break and wont get fixed because they want you keep buying the new stuff that breaks after a few years

Sounds like you need a Chromebook.

I got the m1 because I couldn&#39;t get logic pro x on windows and so far shits been cool, hopefully my laptop doesn&#39;t trip out like this since it&#39;s the most recent iteration of the macbook pro.

I still have my 2016 MBP. Works like a champ. This was a distraction. Blah blah blah.

Open the mac and you will see the contactless fan blows nothing

I’ve had several windows laptops before and I have friends that have had them too and every two years I had to buy a new laptop because it wouldn’t last . I have had a Mac book pro for 4 years now and no problems and I feel I will have it for a few more years. The only thing I dont like it is using microsoft office as it is a bit of a pain. Macs are also beautiful and no noise from fan, so I wont be buying a windows laptop anytime soon.

Well, the M1 macbooks are actually smokin&#39; soooooo

Dar Appl I hav a problm using my &quot; &quot; ky (th on btwn &quot;w&quot; and &quot;r&quot;). As you can s, I cannot vn write this msg propprly bcaus of that. Apple:Dear custommer: We figured it out of your message that you might use the key in an incorrect way.

Apple has really change since Tim Cook. But I could never go back to Windows, even if necesary

Man... I love you, you&#39;ve always been my role model. Damn that was the best comparison I&#39;ve ever seen about these gadgets. Big Love from Uganda

14k Apple fanboys disagree

I just got a MacBook Air :)

When talking about Apple products and comparing them to other compaines like Android and windows, people show a way of weakness and sympathy towards these companies and trying to hide it without realising it.

If it was me I would stay with a mack

Seriously mate lenovo has seriously great keyboards. I had the ideapad z580 back in 2013 and it was amazing and its good even now. Recently I bought a new lenovo and that is also great.

The venomous fedelini reversely clip because voice distally undress but a deserted watch. unnatural, equal maid

lew every month : Why i&#39;m officailly qutting old laptop

Came after an year to know about the M1 still not using a macbook ?

XP or even 7 still was the best OS.

I’ve always had problems with windows laptops. They slow down like fuck after a couple years and stop working. I’ve got an iPad Pro 12.9 inch and don’t think I’ll ever be getting a laptop again

I am quitting apple laptop too. Moving to Lenovo

It’s the fact that there’s no protective cases for the Pro.

This chanel is shit, this boi still using apple prodact

Anyone trying to trade me their Macbook for an Asus ROG 15.6 1TB 16 ram?

At this point I don&#39;t even understand why someone would buy this.

i don’t trust lenovo and windows anymore. Bought the lenovo ideapad close to £600 and it lasted me less than 2 years because of a shitty update that didn’t go through. Laptops are no longer built to last

Dont use windows 10 its a fucking shit tip everytime it freezes and a hard restart it, OOOP WINDOWS UPDATE!!!! Fuck windows 10

ssd storage, 128 gbs storage, shitty battery life, keyboard sticking, usb type c ports that no one uses, no other ports, overheating issues, all at a starting price of $1300 freaking dollars. Pretty much the worst laptop ever made..

ok, here&#39;s the thing....He switched from Mac purely for the hardware.... He liked the new keyboard. Thats it. Sure he touched on the other bits and pieces of hardware that are nice. But, compared to a MacBook, the hardware is inferior. Worse trackpad, worse build quality, worse mouse buttons and finger scanner. He liked the keyboard. He switched because he types a lot on the go. Responds to emails a lot. The majority of users don&#39;t put that much weight into the nuances of the keyboard. Heck, many people use external keyboards on their laptops when at their desk/home. The big leap between switching here is the OS. I have a hard time believing that he is just as happy with Windows as MacOS. Keep a MacBook, dock it at home and use an external keyboard, use your warranty if a key sticks, keep MacOS.I prefer MacOS, but that doesn&#39;t mean I don&#39;t like Windows. I just don&#39;t see enough evidence in his argument for people to switch over IF they are Mac users. If you&#39;re a windows user, sweet, you&#39;re already there. But, if you&#39;re a macOS user, you already have the experience and knowledge invested in macOS. IMO its not worth the headache of switching just for the keyboard.

There is more than Mac and Windows. Linux rocks!

Macbook pro M1 has entered the chat

I love all thinkpads Laptops i think they are the best laptops in the market even compared to the apple laptops : ) im currently typing on my thinkpad laptop touchscreen and can also be used as a tablet and has a pen :) i love it : )

I still cant believe apple is 1 of the top brands

and the M1 and the magic keyboard happened. ;)

This didn’t age well lol

Apples only are for looks to be honest

What is the other laptop? I wanna buy it

I&#39;m no apple fanboy but guys c&#39;mon how do you not see through these kinds of videos? Almost all tech YouTubers make these swtiching videos when they get a new sponsered product! It&#39;s just a cash grab for them honestly

I still think windows is better but now with apple fixing the keyboard and releasing the m1 chip I think we can at least give them a chance

E

Lower end Acers and Asus flimsy,windows 10 gross.

NOOOOBS I USE ACER I CAN USE EEEEEEEE

So after 2020

My mac just crashed any suggestions

Are you still quitting MacBook?

you know what i agree i am on mac rn it was so hard to do thing all my friends are on windows I also want one.

yay, you have joined the dark side

There in-between specs at the moment has forced me to PC.

I thought the inferiority in production quality of the Macs were widely known, especially for people in tech?Open up your old mac and take a look. The build quality is so terrible that some models would have hardware pieces loosen because of the heat from using the device 

apple buys from samsung

To say nothing of how they ditch support for people who have spent literally thousands on their products only to find them becoming obsolete soon after. I can&#39;t think of any other company that abuses . customers more than Apple.

Macbook M1 enters the chat...

I quit apple laptops when I found out they perform worse than $700 gaming laptops at 3 times the price

Mac looks prettier is the dumbest argument. What use is a good loooking laptop that is ridden with engineering problems?

Trash made by slavemasters

Long time Apple fan, they make easy to use equipment. But windows is a whole universe of options.

Posted via twittee for macbook

Lusu mundo

I’m actually gonna do a hackintosh

Windows became really ugly. I like KDE on Suse, so where is the point? Mac does not stand for good powerPCs anymore. On my home-PC I use a Cherry MX Keyboard, and apple can&#39;t top that with their flat shit. I don&#39;t use windows. I use X86_64 compatible PCs with Linux on it. Well, Mac is nothing different. They are not special anymore like in the 90s. I think only fanboys buy apple anymore.

What about the 2021 model?

Ordered MBA last week and youtube suggesting me this now 

More than 7 minutes of video and I still don&#39;t know why you switched.

I&#39;m proud you are swithing to me

Lew, you must try out the newly coming Asus ROG Moba 5 plus.

Never been an apple fan but I&#39;m about to set my hp laptop on fire it&#39;s falling apart after 15 months

watch from linuxmint

I got my macbook pro in 2015 and it works better than my partner&#39;s new macbook pro. I have had zero issues with this thing in 5 years. It is the newer models that seem to suck. When the time comes for me to get a new one, I am definitely going the windows route.

I’m tired of paying 200 dollars per square inch of glass at the slightest bump. They’re designed to shatter. The whole brand is worthless as far as physical durability.

As a lifetime windows user (and i still do for work) i switched to mac about a year ago. I can’t imagine going back full time to windows, it’s just such a flawed operating system compared to mac os. Everyone i know who owns or has used a mac agrees with me. Apple would have to mess up something seriously bad for me to switch back.

First time and last time I buy a Apple laptop they make too many changes to often and every time you have to buy different components. the end

Used Macs all my life.. finally moved over to Win10... Amazing.. never look back. Since Steve died.. Apple has never been the same.

Now waddaya say abt macs huhhhh!!!!! The m1 is revolutionary..

Chinese companies are producing great products, and it hasn&#39;t begun yesterday...

Damn you uuuuuu

Been a lifelong Windows user - and just placed an order for an M1 macbook air. ... and searched Youtube for videos and came across this. Great. :-) :-( I decided on the M1 mac air for the crazy battery life. I got tired of the &quot;8 hour&quot; advertised battery on most laptops which in reality is around 3 hours.

I am using MacBook Pro 2019 and it sucks .. Heats up all the time even while watching Netflix movies or YouTube... when editing something fan runs like crazy .. I am out of warranty and the $2000 (cad)bucks is too much for this crap .. I have a watch which couldn’t pair anymore .. I have an XR which has a hardware issue and cannot connect to cellular network.. Fixing all these things out of my pocket ??? Apple sucks !!!!! High time I have to move to something else ..

Yessss!!!!

Huh, how the turntables

E =  End.

2011 was the last good year for MacBook Pros. Mavericks was the last good looking OS.

Now there is the m1 mac which is the best work laptop period

the thinkpad is such an ugly laptop tho

Until the m1 came out haha

Mac V PC?I had  windows PC&#39;s from 2000 until 2010 when I bought the MacBook I&#39;m typing this on (Jan 2021) so i&#39;ve had my monies worth!I&#39;m now ready to buy a new laptop and am curious about windows but my distant memory is I would turn the computer on and it would update the anti virus (slowly), tell me some codec was out of date and I would have to wait about ten minutes before I could log into my email or get on the web.If i wanted to connect my printer I would nearly always get an error message saying something like &quot;you need to update to the latest driver...&quot; and the messages seemed to me to be ever more sarcastic ...&quot;You want to what? that codec is so last century!&quot;The mac switches on when I lift the lid,I&#39;m on the web after literally ten seconds,I connect my cable to print something off (once every blue moon) and the printer just churns it out.Tell me how windows has improved these last ten years.

I already know the answer just by the thumbnail

Who is here after the M1 chip 

Have you tried the surface? I&#39;m obsessed.

Not to mention how difficult it is to change your apple id password  the entire apple id thing it was i hate. Im switching too. Iv been hesitant cause windows 7 is the last thing iv used, but i figure by now they&#39;ve figured out any bugs.

There is the normal computers and then there is Apple.

M1 Chip: You sure about that Kemosabe?

Oh wow, another video of unbox therapy disappointed from an apple product. What a shocker.

nnn

ddeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeekjhgfdsrtyuiknbrujnbgtgbnkiuytrdscvjkkjnbv

It’s not about Lenovo or MacBook it is Windows vs IOS. I do have enough of windows 10 annoying me with all kinds of update shenanigan!

My Macbook Air 2017 still rocks. Are u sure you&#39;re gonna quit using Macbooks?

Run linux on that Mac

Apple lost me when they started soldering all the components to the mainboard.  They&#39;re not scalable and any additions require a dongle.

I switched from Windows to Linux.  Can&#39;t see myself returning to Windows.

The apple looks gorgeous!

today my second apple macbook air, this time the early 2018, broke up. after 13 months. i have as backup a lenovo ideapad for 369€/$ and its more stable than this shitty big sur update! its near by 2 years old. i save my money now and catch up a thinkpad x1 yoga 4th/5th gen. i stand 13 month before the decision and i choose the wrong product. really one thing to apple, you doesn&#39;t think different anymore, you killed a second time a macbook via bad softwareupdates. you are the 1984, the dominator which controlls how you want, but if your stocks are more important than your products, than you are out for me. and to the m1, its no good concept, when you leaving the productiest tool away, which you can get with a arm:  the mobile connectivity. have fun with your teethbrushheadphone lemmings. 

No ... tried it.. hated it.. Switched to M1 Macs

I would not buy a Chinese brand laptop.  I supported windows for 30 years and would take Mac OS over trashy windows

I use apple, and I like the hardware and software

Linux, FTW!!!

After new macbook release.&quot;Im using apple again&quot;

Macbook M1 join the chat just now...

I have used dell precision and macbook pros... and I prefer the dell preciousion laptops... I type better on it and it&#39;s a better value for the money (even though it&#39;s not as &quot;stylish&quot;).

Traitor! I think you should be banned from buying the new M1 MacBooks ;)

14k Apple users agree to disagree?

Nice

Hey! Hey!    Apple!...  Look at this... EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

Kick the ThinkPad...it&#39;s Chinese....

this did not age well my friend

i should quit a laptop because your E key is not working

gotta admit, i do kinda regret buying a macbook earlier this year

I use mac and i Curently in the market for the 2017 macbook

Xachacks on IG has been the best to unlock all kinds of laptop issues you kind find,he&#39;s so good and reliable

My 11&quot; i5 Macbook Air died, and until it did this it was soooooo loud and hot and lame. I&#39;ve thought about buying a windows laptop, but then Apple announced the M1 Macbook Pros, and that&#39;s what I bought, and I love it!It was pretty expensive, but I hope there will be arm-hackintosh pcs some day. Until then I&#39;m pretty much happy with my M1 Macbook Pro

Let the video exist as consolation for the people who can&#39;t effort Apple. I don&#39;t know if Windows could finally manage to look prettier then before but the ugly truth is that you can&#39;t quit Apple just because you complain about some components. You can think you quit Apple but Apple owns your future money lol.

They are the best looking laptops, they keep looking great for minimum 5 years and they are Apple. So I will keep mine sorry. Also Windows should have been bankrupted for it&#39;s interface mentality 15 years ago.

can you please talk about how to remove stain from mabook pro screen . i am really tired . people said the best way you have to change all your screen it will bast $1000

subscribed just bcs u quitttin&gt;?@:!&quot;£$$%%^^&amp;&amp;**((@@@  apple !!!

apple computers are not used by real computer people

apple fanboys: you either choose apple or windows laptops me: windows is a software not a brand apple fanboys: well you still only have two options me: nope you ever heard of Linux?

my macbook doesn’t want to turn on; what do I do? (it doesn’t have a power button, it has the Touch ID thing instead; it randomly turned off and nothing i have done was able to turn it back on) plz help....

Never used a Mac

The only reason y’all like MacBooks is because you can FaceTime and message BYE-

I purchase the new MacBook Air 2020 and it literally will not turn on in just two days having been fully charged. Thnx AppLE.

So sad but Lew will be back in 2021 with the 2021  Silicon Macbooks.God bless, Revelation 21:4

agree - of the 8 macs I have owned from brand new, 6 failed within five years due to logic board failures, power issues etc. My garage is a funeral home for macs. The two MacBooks that are still running are 6 years old and both have software shutdown issues (e.g. Mail) because I can&#39;t upgrade beyond Sierra due to hardware limitations. I am now in the market for Windows laptops. Goodbye Apple.

Apple is crapy

LOL... And here I was ticked off that I can&#39;t upgrade my stupid software anymore and hence FORCED to buy a new laptop ‍️‍️‍️By the way, you neglected to mention the garbage Windows store!!! 

That’s because u drop ur laptop and it break it so don’t lie mate apples Better

Wanna reconsider now ?

I buy a Mac, a day later, I come across this video

Dude, I use Mac book pro(company laptop) for every day work(software development). Mac os has very nice UI, screen quality is great... BUT!!! My second laptop from Dell with linux, is so mush better than Mac!!! The mac is all about hype...

You can&#39;t spell Apple without &quot;E&quot;

Apple pissed me off in 2020. USBC only, no micro usb, no extra connections. I had to purchase a docking station. The lock down is ridiculous. Very frustrating.

Welcome to the real world... Apple give ZERO fucks and will wind ways to not fix it... They cant even be bothered to change basic features for YEARS cuz they&#39;re too lazy and just want money

Apple is greedy, and their products are designed to blackmail you to buy a new one or pay a super expensive repair fee whenever you have a tiny issue with your computer. I have a MacBook pro and the keyboard works well and apple tells me it will cost $600-$1000 to replace a keyboard!

I have had to connect an external keyboard to my MacBook Pro. Lots of keys are no longer working. It&#39;s literally just a monitor for me now. Even the track pad doesn&#39;t work anymore. I have to use it with a mouse and keyboard because it can no longer function at all as a laptop. Apple is kind of a joke?

OK, and why does Apple still even sell laptops with 8 GB Ram, for the prices they charge?  And you can&#39;t upgrade?  Wasn&#39;t 8GB the standard like 5 years ago?

I just switched from a MacBook pro to an HP Spectre. The macbook pro lasted 9 years because RAM and sad. But now that&#39;s no longer user serviceable. So why not save $1200?

My &quot;W&quot; button on my macbook sometimes doesnt work

The Macbook Pro mid 2012 is the best Macbook

M1 is laughing at this guy

SO TRUE WHEN I PRESS MY SPACE BAR IT DOES NOT PAUSE OR PLAY

M typing from my MacBook..

i hate you now

anybody using the new Mac with the m1 any complaints?

This is a legit review because it’s based on real experience and not bias

No-no-no, you don&#39;t use trackpad on thinkpads. It&#39;s there just not to scare customers and get them to buy, then switch to using superior input method: trackpoint )))

My problem with mac is: less interfacing with those ports

I never own a macbook, thinking invest in one, but now i am happy ro see this video for not impulse shopping.

Apple just for those wanna look cool.Windows for those who are intellectually cool.

I love Mac but windows sucks because there is no 3 dots when you open a window and the icons on Mac are so vibrant and beautiful except on windows because the icons are not vibrant at all. So I would rather switch to Mac

You should use gaming pc&#39;s

you full of shit haha

Me too! I am over the iworld but I won’t go Windows either. I am going to dive into Linux.

Curious what you’re using daily now? Do you feel the same?

You should switch to windows

I quitted 10 years ago

I haven’t watched the video yet, and after all the complaints I have heard, my guess is going to be butterfly keyboards.Edit: Boom.

I&#39;m joining apple after the M1.. M1 is insane!

Welcome back lol. m1 has arrived.

It&#39;s fixed on the 2020 model

Never, ever will Apple Scientology get a cent from me.

Soo will you come back to apple now???

What about fan noise ?   Because Macs are very silent. I&#39;m using a Macbook Pro at the moment, and most of the time I&#39;m not hearing fan noises at all.

Just subscribed. I used to work at MS in Redmond, WA. Never been a fan of Apple. Notice that he is wearing a Samsung watch too! Way to go dude!

bet he feels stupid after m1 release

Welcome to the sane world

Someone convinced me to try a macbook. I used talk a lot of smack about apple products, and I still do. The ports got me before, and still do. I should have expected such a dense and heavy metal product to get hot, but I wasn&#39;t thinking. The slowness surprised me. They really aren&#39;t special anymore, if they were before. That &quot;user frendly&quot; UI is stffling.This should be a interesting couple of years ahead. I don&#39;t think anyone will be able to get me to try an iPhone or any more apple products. My choice, my mistake, time to pay the price.

Now it&#39;s time to install Ubuntu and your evolution will be completed.

Now what do you think after The M1 mac?

Windows Forever

I have a Windows laptop, but I&#39;m seriously trying to get a Mac.

My space bar and b key both don’t work well on the 2017 pro

Why just why was I so obsessed with Mac books when I had a 15.6 inch acer windows computer

man how times have changed the new m1 MacBooks are great

Who’s here after the new macbook air running circles around just about anything ever made?

This summy my hp laptop of 6 years crashed... I wanted to get the XPS 13 before it was released in stores in Canada but the process for delivery was problematic I chose the MB Air as the last resort because I really needed a laptop for work. There’s really no hype to it. I installed google and Microsoft apps because I enjoy it better than the preinstalled apps from Apple.

Oh boy after M1 Macs this video will not age well

I have both Thinkpad X1 Carbon and Macbook Air. Macbook Air is heavier (but it&#39;s called air???) and its keyboard really sucks.... If it&#39;s not that the coding and programming setup under Mac is easier, I would have never bought the Macbook Air.

Apple Silicon M1 just came out! and I think Lew might want to go back to Mac!

I gave up shortly after steve jobs passed away,  steve strived for innovation and creating art and not shit. Now apple strives for one thing and thats making money. Keynotes use to be filled with excitement waiting to hear steve say “ oh and just one more thing” where he would unveil something amazing and filled with innovative that would  just blow are minds.  Now they cut corners on parts, going back and forth on old designs they used in the past, there idea of innovation is removing all ports including the headphones just to make more money and piss off there remaining customers. Apple use to hate IBM and strived to think different, no apple is ibm but worse lol

My Mac key started acting up too

You don&#39;t know how to use a macbook

Hey! Im currently in school and need a laptop due to the increase of internet work and also for practicality reasons since I have been using the very old family pc. We use things like oneDrive, word, office. Microsoft teams etc. I am also probably going to use any laptop I buy for digital art and some gaming. Im thinking I should get windows but not too sure. Any advice for which one and maybe some brand recommendations?

cool video

Never bought into the Apple laptop hype!  Windows girl all the way!  And I love my asus laptop! Way more features than an apple pro and runs beautifully!

He switched from apple to windows coz he had keyboard issues?  Interesting.. Nowadays ads r getting smarter! Anyway, i think design of thinkpad is cool too, but not enough for me to leave the apple. Apple is way more interesting to use than windows.

Ok so this is probably a good place to ask. I&#39;m looking for a good laptop mostly just for everyday use nothing too fancy. I&#39;ve got 1500, any tips?

I love Mac books

Thinkpads have HORRIBLE touchpads though

I was an apple fanboy - now I hate them. 2016 Macbook Pro = bricked. 2018 MBP = bricked. 2015 MBP still going strong. I wont buy another one. im about 5 grand out of pocket and Apple could not give a shit

apple is decent it&#39;s so overpriced

I was holding to mbps for their screen but all flash architecture and other manufacturers like dell putting out great screens its no longer attractive. Not to mention the price.

This is not a proper reason to avoid macs.....

Apple&#39;s Next Innovation: We are bringing an &quot;E&quot; key that works but we will remove your z key!!! what an innovation right!!!Apple fanboys: Read more

After apple Silicon launch: Heres Why I will be switching to apple laptopsThey are Incredible !

Everyone bashing apple but be the same ones with IPhones and IPads and MacBooks  stop the cap we all use apple products

Lol

HIm: One of my key broke, change to windows

im still using MacBook 16inch (mid2015)

Thinkpads have the best keyboards ...EXCEPT they don&#39;t cuz they fucking switched the CTRL and FN!!!! Morons....

Clickbait

Its ok not to like apple products. Some just like mediocracy and are used to it.

Mine does not have the balls to talk to me face to face. bye. If that sounds nuts.. Well I&#39;m bat shit crazy. stay safe everyone.

How does this have over 10k dislikes lol

yo what will you do with all these things after showing them to us 

Why do idiots dislike the video it&#39;s his choice  he can do what  he wants .

I never used a macbook in my life I&#39;m soo happy with my windows Hp experiences Apple people are missing out on alot of things.

I was going to buy a macbook pro but i have an android phone...

I have a brand new Mac and it is shitttttttttt soooo sooooo shitttt

I&#39;ve got a 2013 13&quot; MacBook Air which is great and a 13&quot; 2017 MacBook Pro which is rubbish and one of the USB ports has now stopped charging the computer - very poor - style over substance.

Thanks for this, I’m thinking whether I’ll upgrade my Macbook Pro or shift to Windows. But I’m not sure what Windows laptop to get. I think the Thinkpad laptop looks really handsome and cool.

I personally like mb pros. But they’re way to expensive

Cool video. However, I’m still going to buy the new MacBook Air with the M1 chip. 

to be honest if are you aren&#39;t editing big media ubuntu laptop all the way!

I found programming in MERN stack to be easier on apple, your thoughts?

Tips if you’re looking to save money on a windows laptop:1. Windows laptops are usually cheaper and you can get more bang for your buck. I got a MacBook Air for almost $1000 and a windows laptop for $650 and I found the windows laptop ran better. It had all the same specs but it was also touchscreen and came with a stylus, as well as additional slots. 2. You can find brand new windows laptops on eBay or other third party sites selling for cheaper than from the store. Make sure the site you buy from has buyer protection, or you use PayPal, but you can usually find a pretty good deal because people want to sell it and get rid of it even if it’s under the manufacture sell price. I find that for Apple products the price normally doesn’t fluctuate too much, or as much as it does with windows laptops.

Windows is a way better deal in my opinion. I found a dell laptop, 4k, touch screen, fingerprint reader, facial recognition, backlit keyboard, 16 gb ram, 512gb SSD, comes with a stylus, core i7 latest gen, and can find it for $1000 or under. Meanwhile I put the same specs in the Apple website, it’s $1700 but doesn’t come with a stylus, isn’t touch screen, has less ram, storage, and a lower processor. If there’s anyone looking what to get in my opinion you’ll usually always be able to get a better bang for your buck on windows laptops. If you’re really rich and have money to burn you might want to get an Apple laptop and that’s fine, but if you’re on a budget a windows laptop is better. Apple is really popular and trendy which is why more people have it, many college students have it for light work and Netflix and stuff like that, and that’s the basic MacBook Air or MacBook Pro which ranges from $900-1100 I believe on their website. Apple resale value is also a bit hard, if you buy an Apple laptop online and it’s new it’s likely to be around the same price as from the store, whereas for the laptop I hope to get, I found it for hundreds lower than the retail price and it’s brand new.

LESSON: POOR PERSON SPENDS MORE ON A EXPENSIVE PRODUCT TO LOOK RICHRICH PEOPLE SPENDS MORE TO MAKE HIM OR HERSELF MORE RICH

I have the same computer, when the keys stop working for me I just spam them pretty hard and they work again :/

My thing is that if you been using Apple Laptops for so long why are you just now figuring that this problem is happening... when there of been countless of problems with android computers every android computer I’ve ever had has failed me.

Quit Apple, if you are an half-way intelligent mind - easy as that

Lenovo fans are Blushing....!!!

He’s like Louis CK if he were smarter an into tech more

Using Windows Pcs since 20 years. I’m switching to a Macbook Pro 16 inch with maximum specs. Probably the most expensive thing i ever bought.(i need a good laptop for my creative work-grafic design, video editing, writing) Also switched from Android to Iphone a year ago. All this after always picking on apple. Was mostly only comparing numbers. Don‘t underesitmate asthetics and haptic feel. Apple is far ahead in this. The ecosystem with tablet, phone and Mac works also just so beautiful together like no other brand comes even close to.( icloud, photos, notes/pages, airdrop etc.) Not trying to convince anybody in some ways windows is just better....Thats why i install windowsbootcamp on my Mac :p

PC is way better if you do more than web browsing and writing

The thing is that i cant tell if you are joking or really evaluating the laps

I love pc but wait until you get forced update

lew :simple matte black finishmarques brownlee: did  some one say matte black?

Some people choose MacBook is for the Apple logo, not the function.. yet they&#39;ll regret if not choose the right laptop, which have no usb port, or bad keyboard..As a MacBook user, I&#39;m glad with my 2014 series..

About 8 years ago I bought my first MacBook Air, which soon became my last MacBook- after about five uses I gave up and never touched it again-there was absolutely nothing good about it except for the look. It was not a smooth working laptop at all.

When I buy a laptop I&#39;m looking for performance and reliability, what cpu,gpu,ram, storage how easy is it to repair or upgrade.......looks are way down the list for me

I think the E button doesn’t work because of the butterfly keyboard? The magic is really better.

What&#39;s that non apple laptop called?? Lol

Look, Lw, my &quot;ee&quot; ky is just fin. Spak for yourseelf.

Is it black or silver...

Hate to say, but there are many true here. I do buy the new one ( not anymore) MacBook Air 2016. and I had some very bad experience.Two months after their laptop was new, it was defective, I sent it to a service center in Sofia, I waited 14 days for it to be returned to me. It turned out to be &quot;very unusual, some socket inside was taken out by itself&quot;. Very disappointing. Мy old laptop was also MacBook, but I expect so much more from the new one. I pay around 3 400 leva, in Bulgaria for this same money I did buy Kabriolet Megan, no shit. Well is not new, but is really good car. So yeah, I will may never back to Windows, but sure they can make it so much better. Thank you for the video.

Get out of here man, you came to bash apple 

I had a Lenovo laptops for 5 years within any problem and I sold it to second hand market. I am pretty sure it will last for another 3 years

Fuck apple

The same thing happened to my caps key and they replaced it but it’s starting to act up again 

Still wondering why I haven&#39;t seen a single unboxing of a Dell XPS.....

I love apple because it makes me look rich Lol

E key sold separately.

umm.just get a mechanical keyboard for macbook.?

If u like iphone then u will loves macbook more

What about virus protection required with Windows?

Apple went down after Steve Jobs died.  No more innovation.

Apple sucks!!

2k for a laptop that doesn&#39;t do anymore than a chromebook

I LOVE MY DELL LATITUDE 7400  1TB SSD

Nothing but a smartphone

Unbox Therapy: Are you using Mac or Windows Me: I downloaded Windows on a MacBook Air

I quit in 2019. Touchbar problem, battery problem, and other compatibility problems. Best /Last Macbook pro: 2015.

I  have 2 MBP  laptops, a 2010 and a 2015 and both still work 100% including all keys, even after some hard falls. Before these I had an HP that also did it´s time until literally falling apart. My only grievance with Apple´s latest products and marketing approach is the  eventual forced updates and that  memory updating and battery replacements are not possible by the user.  I have had both PC´s and Macs over the last 20 years, and both have pro´s and con´s. Personally, as a music producer/programmer I still consider the older Mac´s better , likewise application installs are much easier. All considered, whether they are PC or MAC, computers will always  breakdown or end up pissing us off!

<a href="">02:15</a>you speak &quot;whoaaaa..!&quot; your eyes &quot;what is this shit&quot;

I&#39;m not a power user but my Lenovo ThinkPad x201t core i7 460LM with 8GB RAM, Crucial 1TB SSD running MX Linux 19.2 is the best laptop I own followed closely by a late 2012 13&quot; i5 MacBook Pro(non retina) with 8GB RAM and Crucial 1TB SSD running Catalina are the 2 best, most reliable laptops I own. Don&#39;t get build quality and keyboards like that from so called modern laptops.

My 7$ keyboard is better than these laptop kayboards

I have a macbook pro touchbar 2018 model and this idiot machine now giving me flexgate issues with my display not working on certain angles even though my display is perfectly good and its the issue of the display cord which is attached and would cost around 30-40$ now these ridiculous apple wants me to change the whole display costing me Massive $700 !!!

Unbox therapy: im switching from Apple to windows cause Mac&#39;s &quot;E&quot; key doesn&#39;t workMe: or or or you just got a better brand deal

I wanted the Lenovo Thinkpad too but I’m living in Germany and I didn’t find it in Germany:(

I&#39;m using mac and I like it.

MacBook Pro 16 is my first Mac and the last after having many problems

Who cares why u screamin

I love how Windows People see this as a personal victory  cheap skates, once you go Mac you never go backJokes aside, for me it has always been like this : Linux, Mac, or no computer at all instead of the pile of garbage called Windows.

Old apple is still worth it IMO... I have a 2011 mac desktop and a 2012 macbook and they are bulletproof; I&#39;ve never had an issue, they run faster than the windows laptop I got from work that is a whole year old... and I still have usb ports! I wouldn&#39;t give you 10 cents for the new ones. Not looking forward to the day when they die, which hopefully wont be for a long time.

Windows 95

Apple haters are the major reason why this channel exists. Windows is the modern day definition of garbage when you compare it to the professionalism of Mac. If you think Macs are rubbish because of the specs, then you need a brain transplant to help you understand why you&#39;re completely ignorant about why Macs are special and why apple doesn&#39;t care about high spec laptops....

Nah - show me the X1 Carbon in four years - it&#39;ll be crufted to the max with the keys falling off and on its fifth battery pack. Good Luck. And the ecosystem....wait....what ecosystem?

I’m waiting for an apple SoC which I think is coming 2021 til I buy one. They are just awesome machines that roll hard asf for like 4-5 years lol. But.. the confines I want are all $3k + oy vey.

my first and only mac laptop was the ibook g3 with the overheating issues... thats why they went to the aluminum cases... my wife had one of the first mac air and it still works. For work purposes i need windows so i&#39;ve had hp laptops which my last one lasted over 7 years in a shop environment humidity, dust. I now have to use the company supplied dell and it sucks so much ass. My wife currently has a nice hp laptop. I do have a thinkpad thats a few years old and its pretty good for what i need it for. I do like apple products, they look nice, but I feel like they are way over priced for what they offer. I am a iphone user and have been thinking about going back to android.

Well yeah, that&#39;s what we expected

Me too after years-old MacBook, just purchased an asus duo zenbook

Liar

can anyone let me know where i can find this (<a href="">3:00</a>) wallpaper??

Sir pls unbox dell inspiron 7391

I think i just felt in love

Need less, live forever 

Apple&#39;s problem is that it pretends it&#39;s a monopolistic market... not smart.

Wow! that X1 looks so slick and cool, I would go for that in an instant over the AluMac......and that&#39;s coming from someone who had been using Apple computers since 1995, exclusively!Two years ago I switched to a &#39;giva-away&#39; Lenovo Z50/70 and installed Linux onto it after having a SECOND MBP fry itself to death.Doesn&#39;t surprise me that people are starting to turn their backs on Apple - they are starting to see Apple for what it really stands for as a company.Simply put, many have had enough of the BS and the rip-offs,           and there are now far more decent alternative options available out there - take note, Apple.  - I haven&#39;t looked back, and I won&#39;t go back.

at this point people are just buying macbooks for the a e s t h e t i c s

I think that is lew trying to write an essay on thinkpad.!........................lol

Been using thinkpads since 2009. My current Thinkpad is an X1Carbon 8th gen i5 16gb ram. Will be switching to Apple Silicon Mac when it gets released.

I love  laptops

I’m having the same exact issue with the “e” key and battery swelling. Apple is replacing my top case at no charge but how long before it happens again?

My 50 dollar 750ti be outperforming macs

i don’t think that’s fair.you know when i’m using mac i think i have everything i can do everything very simply.windows is to complicated for me. maybe because i’m not a developer guy or it guy. but for me who has iphone control everything in your lab tab na check everything from your phone in your lab tab is best thing.

I am sorry I hate windows. I really wanted to like window but ew. I just think of school computer from the 2000s. lol I mean maybe someday I&#39;ll buy a window surface. That looks nice but I just shy away form windows unless I have no other choice.

Use Apple Magic keyboard for far better keyboard

I am using a acer

Thanks man,

I just did the same switch a week ago ...from Mac to a Thinkpad (did it cause the budget was tight ) but I not a single € regret the decision I just love my thinkpad and the retro look of it

The Windows laptop I saw today in the shop had a better camera quality than the MacBook Air.

Can i have them?

Apple has become  past

My auntie give me 2012 macbook air. When i check it, the ssd just only 5%. And i check the price...Im shock. Why they make ssd for macbook more expensive?  After that, i spend a lot of time to browse about apple product repair. And i more shock than ever

He is paid by Thinkpad

Trust me, I had a similar impression about apple MacBooks. So no matter how much it costed me, I went for it. Now it has a flex-gate issue(the laptop&#39;s display dies/goes black if opened more than 90 degree). I am extremely disappointed. Never ever going for a macbook again.

Someone I know has 2 mac pros both over 2,500 quid, and I tried the keyboardIt was way worse: it&#39;s so weird not being able to hear that lovely click .My laptop, got it for 250/300 quid probably devalued to 100, has a better keyboard.I hate the os too its so confusing

I kind like Mac (used one for about 1 year now) but now, getting disappointed with the heat it produces even with simple tasks, mostly when connecting an external monitor. Even not on the lap, the noise and heat coming from it is ridiculous

I have the 2020 MacBook Air and I love it I got the I5 Quad core CPU

Didn&#39;t you think that Lenovo just bought him with giblets?

Why do u feel guilty if apple makes a mistake

I would love a video where by the other product is not Apple. Reason? It&#39;s always glorified, not with no reason. To make my point,so let&#39;s all get a Ferrari.  The Tech space is so big. Pls compare apples to apples.

Reason people should be quiting apple products:- bad engineering- very low quality components- very low overall quality- bad durability- very high price- bad value- bad maintainability- no freedom of ownership- bad warranty practices- very anti-consumer focused hardware and softwareJust to name a few.These are not opinions if you are really honest with yourself.If you still want an Apple product knowing the above points... have at it, I ain&#39;t stopping you.

i hate apple atleast im getting windows acer gaming laptop windows 10

NOBODY CARES DUDE. GET A LIFE. YOU HAVE TO MUCH TIME ON YOUR HANDS

I don&#39;t know what you&#39;re saying But my macbook pro is fine so well I&#39;ve been using it for 3 years

How much u charge  EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

Thinkpad comes with Fedora now. Great stuff..

Use bootcamp on Mac. the end lol

Odd how &#39;e&#39; is the most used letter. So, using dodgy chips, recycled parts, having to buy cloud services and bad security has a new money making sibling. Well played Apple

Pls discuss cpu and specs as well

i’m si confused did he switch because the “e” button didn’t work?

Who used windows                    mac os                    linuxi am using Android

Well Good For You, Wanna Cookie Or Something?

There is a bite in that apple for a reason..  .......It states that something is missing 

Introducing the new  Apple Wireless &quot;E&quot; key for only $699.

Just switched from a MacBook to a surface book...never going back 

If you are quitting on using apple products, I am here wondering how I could even start using one.

I literally don&#39;t know how to function on a mac book

Your paying for the Operating System. Windows OS Sucks ASS.

I just bought a 2012 mid macbook pro for a nice 300$ for normal browsing and other small tasks. Do you guys think the deal was worth it?

Man the pre 2013 macs were so good and they&#39;ve gotten worse and worse ever since. I really wish that Macs weren&#39;t the graphic design/animation industry standard so I could comfortably switch and not miss out on exclusive software

Haha! I’m too quitting using these shit pices! After the update from Apple my ram got fucked up and that can’t be replaced or repaired in mac air!

Apple really sucks

the solution would be a external e key

Macs run Windows. And they switched to the scissor keyboard for all the MacBooks.

I never use Apple products because it is so expensive.......Duh!!!!!

What about the iMac 27in core i9? I need something to render &amp; record professional videos and Dell is annoying.

Microsoft&gt;Apple

Unbox Therapy:  Some macbooks dont have working E keysThe comment section:  OMG this is why Windows is perfect and Apple sucks!

lol euphoria and epiphany reminded me of the songs with that namebtw i luv windows and its much better

I’ve been saving money for a laptop for months now since quarantine started. I’m a video editor and photographer and I’ve been planning on buying something on the price scale from $1000-$1500. I need it for After Effects editing and some of my friends have been suggesting me the 13” macbook pro (cheapest one). But recently I’ve stumbled upon a lenovo legion 5 laptop with the same range of price but with much higher specs like an i7-10750H, 16Gb ram, rtx 2060, etc. I’m on a dilemma, should I go with the macbook or the windows laptop. What would u guys think?

Apple’s “butterfly switch” keyboards (including yours) are so bad that even the fanboys hated them.MacBooks also have soldered components making upgrading/repairing some components harder than balancing a couch on your pinky finger while being on a tightrope

Yeah that’s why I still rock the 2011 17” MBP. Best Laptop they ever made. Just need to get the mother board re-soldered every 2 years from overheated graphics card problem lol

Why you bought a macbook?apple fanboy: Because it has an apple logo. Like literally if apple makes an apple mask I&#39;ll by it.

This whole video is based around you switching brands over keyboard buttons...??? What a shitty trade off! Don&#39;t try to tell me windows OS is better than Mac...

Well i still hate Windows cuzz a friend of mine litelary has a Windows Laptop, its price was 500€ and in comparison with my Mac Mini from 2012 (price also 500€), the W-Laptop just loses, i mean this Windows Laptop cant even process to opened Chrome Window‘s while mine is able to render high end Computer games without even having a graphics cars

These rich YouTubers bash Mac on the videos but low key only edit on Mac and their go to is always Mac LOL

Apple: Pay more for less. Basically, we are paying for the brand.

I have the same issue with my &quot;E&quot; key. Called a local Apple store, $650CDN to repair &quot;IF AND WHEN THE PART(S) BECOME AVAILABLE&quot;. Called a non Apple certified repair shop, $75CDN. So I thought to myself, &quot;what else will go wrong with the MacBook Air?&quot; So I bought a Lenovo Yoga 15&quot; with all the bells and whistles and a 4 year &quot;come to my house&quot; support contract. Have to admit that I am a PC guy and the MacBook Air is a hand-me-down from my wife just to do emails and the interweb, my desk top is in the basement where my hobbies are located.

i was looking forward for a macbook for college, but the comments aren&#39;t helping

x1 carbon is the best, i have it for almost 2 year

I guess I made a good decision in buying a HP Envy 15 with i7, 16GB RAM, 4GB GTX 1650 GPU and 1TB SSD rather than buying the 16 inch MacBook Pro. 

Anyone who didn’t start to quit

And now he complains about not getting a deal with apple

I have had  thus apple keyboaed problem,  but onky recently i found out apple store accept and cover claim. I went to the dealer last and they said it d take 2 weeks and i have to back up my datas. So yesterday ii upgraded my old asus zenbook changed hard druve to ssd ram to 10 gb , and replaced the battery . So excited to switch back to wi dows and see if I will stick

Apple is getting  worse and worse, me iPhone XR after update 13.6 not so long ago Face ID stopped working . Was so lucky cos me XR is still on warranty....next phone SAMSUNG ohh yesss

OMG, that&#39;s lots of sponsorship... but... but... but... but...

I hate all apple products because it seems like you never really own them

Apple should be called Apple In Your Pocket because if you buy one you know you will have to dig into your pocket for money to buy some other Apple product.

Title: <b>Here&#39;s why I&#39;m officially quitting Apple Laptops.</b>Me in my mind: <b>Trust me Lew, nobody gives a fuck</b>

Oddly I&#39;ve just been given a budget for a new works laptop, can choose what I like... I ordered the Lenovo L13 Yoga thinkpad with the i7, 16gb and 512 SSD...  Apple are making problems for professional users with the lack of connectivity, keyboard, dumb oversized trackpads and performance just not as expected for the price tag.   I&#39;m a 15 year Apple MacBook user!  Maybe my home computers will make the same switch!

every video i see of this guy is bashing on apple lol

I don&#39;t know man i think i like my macbook 2020 a lot

Just got a 2019 Macbook pro, and...stain issues. Wtf am I doing? You pay $2k for a laptop and just want to know that if you treat it with the delicacy of a blown glass vase, that it will reflect that for a reasonable amount of time.Not even a month...I&#39;m going to swap it out, after that, I&#39;m done with Apple.

Welcome back to Windows and PC 

You need a licence to advertise? Illegal

I&#39;m afraid the reason why your &quot;E&quot; key is not working is liquid damage.They have to replace the logic board,the screen,basically they have to change everything in this machine.Why not buying a new one???????????????????????????????????APPLE LOGIC

I still prefer apple I jus love em

ThinkPad is Batman, apple is robin

He said it best in in more ways than one: PCs are for getting shit done. Apple laptops are for looking pretty. I rather get shit done.

Honestly in my opinion I think after Apple started getting really praised they stopped caring and working as hard to create creative and different products like the first iPhone and Apple Pencil ideas that no one had never though of before and then they just got lazy and stopped caring because whatever they do they still get praised even if they products are losing the creativity whilst competitions like Samsung are evolving more than ever it’s kind of like that smart guy in school that just got lazy because he thought no one could beat him but then someone did

BUT, how is the windows 10 ? ... in mi opinion is garbage I used windows 10 for long time and I got sick with that terrible software .... you have a upgrade every time that you want to use you pc

Lenovo gang were you at?

Try the Hp spectre 360x 4K

thank you for this video, I was very excited to switch from Windows to Mac. but now, I like to use windows.

my last apple which is what im using now for 5 years is their last 2015 pro which has all the usb and the magnetic power cable. very good model from them. when this breaks. ill go back to PC.

Never bought from Apple in my life. Never will. I refuse to support companies that stall the progression of technology.

Shit performance and barely any freedom, way to expensive, shit cooling, is why I never use apple

says push the any key. I cant find the any key.

I got goosebumps when you started talking about the X1 keyboard

Apple is a cult.

windows for laptops and apple for phones

Am so happy right now I highly recommend ddhack_ on ig that guy is good

I can&#39;t believe they went from best keyboards to garbage keyboards.

I went with windows, it does more

Apple open your ears man.. Listen..6M ppl watch this guy..Many of us adore Apple product..But too many negative complaint ignored..So sad..

i have wasted  7 min this shit videos

Couldn&#39;t agree more! 450 for a logic board repair of a laptop I had for 2 years... didn&#39;t even mishandle it or anything. Mac sucks.... get 2 in 1s-that&#39;s value. Mac will always... always be terrible value relative to its competitors. Made the switch from Mac the other day. Initially I was scared... but the HP pavilion is a solid solid device.

Why does Lew always feel like it’s his mission to show the world Apple isn’t the best. He’s constantly making strange controversial videos when it comes to Apple products. And there are almost always complaints.

good job! I hope the world understands!

I quit apple once I discovered linux

<b>yea this really works I just got one from Software_hacker051 on Instagram DM him for yours</b>

Sure, have fun with viruses and disk defragmentation 

Lew i need a laptop for online class don&#39;t have any money to buy new ones I&#39;m from Philippines.

My macbook 2018 15&quot; battery exploded a few weeks ago and my company got me the 16&quot; as a replacement.  I had it for like 1 year, literally...over 2k$ for the best 15&quot; and it&#39;s dead.  I was wondering why the keys and mouse were getting so hard to click and it was because they were using shitty batteries that inflate.  I saw this happen to my dad&#39;s iphone as well....but mine actually exploded and the case popped apart one day and the screws are stripped and it&#39;s just fucking gone. I&#39;ve never seen anything like this with &quot;high quality&quot; devices.  It&#39;s bullshit because I basically have to throw it away and it had the keyboard with the LCD up top and max memory and i7 and 512GB SSD.  Hey Apple, you cant just put a fucking fan on the back that the screen blocks to get a &quot;quiet fan&quot; and expect the components to work well when a lot of apps are running on the fucking laptop.  I am oh so pissed because I had to go to a time machine backup and restore it on Catalina now and ALL my apps crash.  1/10TH the time I turn the laptop on the trackpad doesn&#39;;t work and it says like &quot;connect bluetooth mouse and keyboard&quot; and I am like &quot;wtf i dont use any bluetooth u shitty catalina!&quot;  They removed support for 32 bit apps so bye bye pgadmin3...no way to run them in any sort of compatibility mode.  FUCK APPLE

eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee   it works on mine

ThinkPad comes with the special Lenovo feature -- the spyware Chinese firmware. How much did this guy get paid for this video. Blocking this channel.

What use he has for a laptop? Use Chrome? I mean ask his editing team or a professional which platform to stick with them an aging YouTuber.

Apple is just a stupid Gucci brand they just care about money

Linux

i can see apple selling an external keyboard with a dongle in the future

I fucken hate apple and I&#39;m saying that the Mac looks betterBut I&#39;m more of a Hewellt Packard guy

It&#39;s incredible when companies are humbled they start doing what the paying costumer wants and needs

i can buy 3 laptops as powerful than a 2017 macbook for the price of a 2017 macbook

US market is all about cheap, nothing else.

I use a Lenovo for work and it’s awesome

Yall need to stop hating on Apple, it&#39;s just a fruit. Chill out!

Yes apple are for people to show off that you are some one who is in upper work area and have to have this. Even when it needs to be repaired it will cost about half of money you spent to buy apple.  Your just showing off to your hated family members and to people you hate or friends.

The button placement of an thinkpad is awesome for quick change between writing and clicking !

Me, who just ordered a MacBook Air from being on windows for years now and slightly regretting my decision 

Why are so many android/windows users hating on Apple users? lol can you just let them be? lmao it’s their money not yours. Plus Apples overall experience and ecosystem is unlike other brands, you can’t blame them for liking it lol

clutched the 2019 edition.

The Apple looks prettier? in which world? It&#39;s an ugly capsule vs a functional black box...

Well at least it doesn&#39;t crash like windows

Next video: The &quot;D&quot; key on my windows machine didn&#39;t work. I&#39;m back to MacBook.

I have one of those LG Gram Laptops (13&quot; model from 2019) and it&#39;s a wonderful Laptop!  It&#39;s so light, the trackpad is great, the colors are great, it was upgradeable/expandable, it has real ports, the fingerprint reader is great, boot time is great, battery life is fantastic. it&#39;s so much easier to use than a tablet.  I&#39;ve used it on C-130&#39;s, C-17s, various passenger terminals and whatnot to watch movies or shows and its battery just keeps on going.  I have an expensive portable battery pack that can charge it if needed via usb C.  I put a Robotech Veritech fighter sticker on it so you know it&#39;s bad ass.  LG Gram laptops are freakin sweet if you are a traveller

Butterfly keyboard drives me nuts

Apple flipped the whole “You get what you pay for “ saying to “ you don’t get what you’ve paid for and there’s nothing you can do about it”As Clint Eastwood once said “Everyone is entitled to be a sucker at least once”

apple has bug and gates in their bite

To hold any - ANY - bit of credibility, he should have warned people right after he found out about the problems, rather than one year later when Lenovo paid him to promote their product. Yeah, influencer...

I mean its just a lap top at the end of the day my guy relax

Paid promo

MAC BOOKS = Overpriced, Overrated Crap

Who really cares?

So even though it&#39;s been a year ago sense you have decided to officially switch to windows, do you still feel same about windows vs  Apple Mac pro Since you&#39;ve just done another review on the Mac pro 3 months ago?

I never used  Mac and never will.

Now you are getting real ....  

I subbed to this guy when he was 300k

I love my ipad pro but I prefer Microsoft for working and home productivity. Weird of me I guess. I just think for the price you can do so much more with a Razer Blade (even play some good modern games if that’s your thing) than with a Macbook. On the other hand, ipad pro is the best tablet, hands down, and a great on-the-go tool for productivity or entertainment.

When you finally after many years come out of a toxic one sided relationship and realize you&#39;ve got options 

Lenovo Accutype keyboard is finger gasm

If this the generation that has the butterfly keys, you are out of luck. This was a design flaw that has no fix.

Windows master race

What do you tubers and shit usually use? Windows or macs for video editing and stuff?

Mac is shit think pad is good

From a Microsoft engineer: Feels great when people switch from iOS to windows :)

god i hate how the macbook looks. I&#39;m a fan of silver, metallic grey colors, but that thing is a dirt, oil and fingerprint MAGNET.

uhhh nah.

Person: Gives up on entire brand because E key is broken

here&#39;s why i officially i dont care

I really dont know why people use apple because i use it and its the worlds baddest lap for the price buy a gaming lap better

MacBook Pro is shitty, I been using Apple for 13 years but not anymore!!

I love thinkpad!!.  I use T490.. awesome everyday use device

Kind of like when you leave the democratic party.

Same here I have Lenovo X1 Carbon works perfectly fine.

It’s just the butterfly keyboards

dude i am using a 2006 thinkpad in 2020 and let me tell you it still works great!!!!

well i can help u with dumping that shit (mac).. i can take that for u.

Thank god Apple got rid of it.

Ohh. com on. Windows suck more than ever.

Imagine having a macbook pro without a touchbar

For that price you&#39;d expect the machine to suck your d&amp;$+ but nope, the E key doesn&#39;t even work

Here’s why I want views

Sounds like someone slapped someone!!!

Apple is like the super hot girl that dates you only because you have money but cheats on you every time you turn your back.But i probably say this because in my country for the price of an Iphone you can support family of 4 people for the whole month without living like slaves.

Misguided! My HP (I&#39;m forced to use for work)...sucks! It is brand new this year. Here&#39;s what happens....whenever I need an update (which is literally almost every single day)...which sucks...whenever I have a document open in word from an email and download it onto my computer and I need an update, and say I forget to &quot;save&quot; my document, my HP forgets I ever had that document in the first place and I can never find it again. THIS HAPPENS ALL THE &amp;*$&amp;% TIME! I used to have an APPLE and now I have this crap HP! IT SUCKS!!

You really need to start comparing laptops!! Would love your opinion

I JUST bought a MacBook Pro

Apple: We are ditching Intel, making our own chips with powerful capabilities and gamingUnbox Therapy: NEW VIDEO! (Here’s my we are officially beginning apple laptops)

I use windows because the MacBooks/Imacs are literally not compatible with anything but windows is easily compatible and they have better support and more tutorial videos.

How is that people exclusively forget that iOS and Windows are not the two options. There is a better ecosystem called Linux.

?!?  Can’t stand Lenovo....

appl is th bst what th fuck ar you talking about you idiot!

This is why I’m officially quitting masturbation. This is why I’m officially quitting vanilla lattes. This why I’m officially quitting. Is this a revived meme or what?

I have been using Lenovo since my 1st Ideapad and I am so satisfied with Lenovo products. Now, thinking of getting Lenovo Tablet. Big up to Lenovo and windows

Vanna White. I remember when Seldon sister said to her Big brother :  fine than she can be vanna blue 

Me too... The others brand cheap and more powerful, easy to upgrade, easy to maintain... Apple just a brand

<a href="">3:59</a> when he said battery life my mind went to:AWESOME SCREENAWESOME CAMERALONG-LASTING BATTERY LIFEplease tell me i&#39;m not the only one

Why do you act like you ever even used them?

I got X1 carbon thinkpad. But I have a problem is windows is I am mobile development and synchronize with my iPad and and my phone.  Can you help me out.

Apple has fallen! I plan to give up my apple laptop/cell phone

awesome

Update : This video is old.Lew uses only macbooks now and and every person involved in the production of these videos uses macbooks.

I dont give a shit why you quit

I see, maybe Apple stopped paying you.

stop with that clickbait title...

Stop ur crying and use ibm smh

he guy sounds like a guy stuck in a cave with apple....and just opened his windows for the first time in years

LESSON: JUST BECAUSE SOMETHING IS EXPENSIVE DOESNT MEAN ITS GOOD

I&#39;ve always been a IBM/Lenovo notebook owner/user.  They are known for their internal/external build and keyboards.

Im paying because i want a sexy laptop

Your stupid

Euphoria? Epiphany? Singularity? Serendipity?

Apple laptop is the best dumb laptop in the whole universe.

He is praising the Windows like he did with the Mac....

All I’m gonna say is, I have an extremely high end HP laptop that makes me curse... windows isn’t that great

I have a MacBook Pro 2015 since launch day. I use it everyday and mine still works perfectly lol.  Guess I got lucky? Windows is definitely better tho lol

Louis Rossman-

im using a mac book pro but my e is working perfectly fine haha

I&#39;m sorry that has been your experiences. I have a 13&#39; Pro since 2012, uses it more than 5hrs everyday and it has never given any type of problems. Well the battery is now displaying service needed massages, but I&#39;m not interested since I&#39;m still getting more that 7hrs of battery life. I have always been a Windows user and has a windows boneyard to prove it. But Apple&#39;s user friendliness, reliability, ecosystem across multiple devices are things I did not find in PCs. Windows-not a chance again.

smh I changed from Windows to Mac 4 years ago and I have never looked back,Mac is just so much more reliable and things just seem to work smoother on it,pus windows are forever changing things, what version of windows are they on now even..windows 20?

Upgrade to Linux.

He made a whole video, of him going from apple to windows, just because of the keyboard. The keyboard

&quot;Euphoria&quot;? &quot;Epiphany&quot;? Those are BTS songs!

Imagine gaming on mac

stupid product

I despise the keyboard on my 2017 MacBook Pro.  It&#39;s loud to type on and it&#39;s way inferior to the 2011 MacBook Pro keyboard.

you should quit your job you boring man

I like Mac I don’t care about you (like if you do)

Louis Rossmann Group NYC!

But this Lenovo is worth &gt;$1k -- not really that cheap vs the MacBooks. Maybe $300? I just can&#39;t go back to a PC trackpad. But yeah Mac is way overpriced. But you can just buy the 3-4-year-old models.

this guy just hates apple

I am using macbook pro 13inch year 13 in to windows lol and its work find but i have to modify some hardware like 8gb ram 512 ssd and works excellent, over ios  windows is better

I walked away from Apple after I upgraded my 7.6 OS to 8.1. Anyone who went through those days was more than happy to get away from them.

All the windows fan boys who bitched about apple on this video be buying the new MBP 16&quot; and still commenting &quot;apple is trash&quot;

Mac books are for stupid people with a need to compensate.

Well good thing you can come back now on 2020 Magic keyboard is a delight, and you don&#39;t have to accept any flaws and live with them...Let&#39;s be real, there is no PC on this planet that is even remotely close to Macbook overall user experience

Apple&#39;s next innovation will be like a new Mabook without the E key. Purchase it separately.

Did he not even mention how unbelievably underpowered Macs are to extend battery life and how hot they can get because they don&#39;t use functional fans to properly cool them? It&#39;s crazy how he came to the same conclusion of liking windows without seeing what I would be looking for, it really says a lot about how out of touch apple is.

The dislikes are from Apple, LOL

I switched to Alienware last week after the arm announcement, it’s like Apple just gave up on the pc gaming community. Crazy... ps, loving my Alienware

In terms of long term durability - which is better ?

MacBook Pros made before 2016 are great. The ssd is upgradeable and the keyboard is great. But the ones made after 2015... Damn!

Am I the only one here who installed windows on an iMac?

Ok but just give me iMovie, keep that book

Tech company i work for mainly use thinkpad. Really amazing laptop.

apple: we increased the screen size by 1 pixel and fixed the e key, and it’s double the price of the last one                                               apple fanboys: i’ll take your entire stock

I feel like most laptops do that. I&#39;m a PC person and Android person because I&#39;m the under under underdog and unconventional. Why do people judge other people based on laptops or phones they use? LOL! ️

Mmmmm but its Lenovo .. lenovo will have complaints in future its a known fact .I&#39;d go for an Acer or Hp instead ..

Also switched from Macbook Pro after 14 years to ThinkPad. WOW! Things really changed in Windows. But youre right. This keyboard is a dream to type on!!!!

both of my macbook pro speakers blew out within a couple years of buying it.  battery bulge on all of my past 3 macbook pros too (a couple of them multiple times).  unfortunately, it looks like it&#39;s all by design.

It&#39;s the butterfly keyboard apple got rid of it because of the keyboard problems

Apparently MacBooks are instrumental in my computer science major, so I guess I have to go with a Mac. I have a decently old thinkpad laptop that’s probably going to be my main laptop for a long time, though. Its really laggy when I start it up, but I can live with it.

Thinkpad is very good computer, well, some of them... but your video is about the hardware or OS... If you don&#39;t like MACBOOK PRO hardware, go for hackintosh, eheheheheheh

Thinkpad laptops are the best for gamers, artists, regular everyday people, and families.

MacBook users : Best laptop ever  Windows  sucksMacBook users : laptop broke still thinking  it’s better than Windows Windows users : .....

Apple is good for desktops and tablets, not for phones, watches, laptops and earphones.

apple is the worst purchase u can make imagine spending 1200 dollars on Mac when perfectly u could make a decent pc

My keyboard stopped after updating windows as well. It is not the first time it has happened anyways

Apple&#39;s now a &quot;has been&quot; company.

For all Apple users, have you ever use Thinkpad keyboard?

Windows ~ I’m afraid about virus &amp; windows corrupt by virus ..

Tim Cock: disliked!

Windows based devices that you could actually like? Dell XPS 13 &lt;3 However it&#39;s poor ports-wise.

NOW, FOR A LIMITED TIME, YOU CAN BUT THE AMAZING APPLE E KEY FOR $999 ONLY! SHOP NOW IN THE APPLE STORE !!!!!!

Can someone tell me if I can return my Apple MacBook Pro to MediaMarkt in Austria where I bought it, about a week ago. I am quite a ways from them and I can&#39;t seem to find a phone number!

I wonder if there are any Apple reps. reading these comments?

APPLE SUCKS! Never again ! ! ! !  If you know a place I can buy a NEW, previous issue MacBook Pro - (the one from 2012 - 2017?) please, reply! And I don&#39;t mean a reconditioned!!!

I like the red &quot;eraser head&quot; mouse more than a track pad .......I had an Inspiron 8000 with both, and in time I just gravitated towards the Eraser Head.It can actually be quicker when you&#39;re used to it, and much easier...

When you run out of kidneys

WINDOWS WILL LAST ABOUT 2-3 YEARS MAX BEFORE IT STARTS TO CRASH AND GET INFECTED WITH VIRUSES  MY APPLE ITS A  6 YEARS STRONG AND GOING. NEVER HAD TO DOWNLOAD A VIRUS SOFTWARE.

Lew:  says anything Me: mhmm ok daddy 

Missing out on the track point. Its fantastic.  Trackpad cramps my fingers - i cannot stand them.

my macbook 2015 still functioning so well til now! &lt;3 thank god i dont need any other reason going for a new macbook!

People: <b>Quiting mac and use windows</b>Linux: <b>nobody recognizes me</b>

currently happens with the delete button. I went to them 2 months in and they didn&#39;t do anything -<i>_</i>-

-&gt; When you&#39;ve dated a hot girl long enough that you can go out with anybody :D

Well I have MacBook Air it works fine

open your eyes get with the comunity

Apple continues to rip off its loyal fan base every year by removing everyday functions then has the nerve to charge premium prices for adapters and dongles just so these functions that they took away can be used. They will continue to do this until consumers finally stop buying their BS products. Just remember, there’s a reason why they don’t make their new MacBooks upgradable anymore. R.I.P Apple.

Think pad is a plastic machine and now the problem resolved

Mac is better

i love thinkpads. Mine is already 10 years old and still works.

We‘ve lost him

Ya well it&#39;s not likenthe care. ..they are a phone and tablet company now so

I have the new 2020 MacBook Air, and I quite enjoy the new keyboard on it.

But thinkpad has no touchscreen as apple

you so right

Irony of life. Am a thinkpad user heading to MacBook soon.

I haven&#39;t had any issues with my MacBook Pro&#39;s keyboard, in fact, I love it. I do know many people have issues with theirs, so I kind of understand apple switching to the otherwise inferior scissor switch.

This is fals information, I&#39;m gonna dislik this vido.

If Chrome is the only thing you are using buy a Chromebook :) I mean it, they are fantastic for that job!

All the 13k dislike are in the apple ecosystem

&quot; I can live with inferior trackpad, strange placement of fingerprint scanner, smudges and lame design... I even turned off intrusive notifications.&quot; - good for you! ...Anyway I had chance to use some of products that this dude was praising. And mostly it was a junk! DO NOT listen to his reviews. He can sell those things but in real life- it is just a crap!

Why not go all the way and run a Linux distro on your ThinkPad X1 Carbon? (Ducks the custard pie throwing storm from Windows fanboys)

I use Arch btw

I got the same problem

I´m quitting PCs to tablet and phone.

Apple is way overpriced and   Got to buy adopter for USB port and many other things just to use the things you like it&#39;s a money grab.

(Standing ovation) welcome home

The E key on both my MacBook Pro&#39;s also wore out.. One barely &#39;clicks&#39;, and the other one feels like it&#39;s cotton under there and they both have been cleaned by a Mac service centre... I thought this was coincidence

Cau do full review on MacBook Pro 2020 Vs hp Spectre 360 new one

<b>Don&#39;t forget that the butterfly keyboard was Jony Ive&#39;s brainchild. Once he was gone, the crappy keyboard went out with him</b>

I&#39;m a student and have had a Windows laptop (Lenovo Flex 5) for ~5 years (?) and the older Macbook Air (from 2016?) for 3 years, and I can honestly say that I prefer the Lenovo a lot more.Keyboard: I haven&#39;t had any problems with the keyboard other than it being a little stiff now, but, honestly, it&#39;s still so much better than the MacBook, since the MacBook&#39;s space bar stops working for the right thumb and a few of the keys stop for a few days and then fix themselves (idk how to explain it). (I type the space bar more with my right hand, so that might be why, but I haven&#39;t had any issues with my Lenovo.) The Lenovo is a little heavier (~4-5 lbs), but I don&#39;t carry it around anywhere, so it&#39;s fine. Durability: I can only speak for the Lenovo, since I had the Mac in a case, but I&#39;ve dropped the Lenovo like 5 times on the back part of the keyboard part, and it only has a few scratches. (It slipped from behind my desk onto the floor. I will say that the Mac was durable from what I&#39;ve experienced, but it was in a case and my foot was there to break its fall many times so idk.A couple of problems I did have with the Lenovo:It is a little hard to open the Lenovo since there&#39;s the rubber thing around the edge, and since the hinge is a bit old by now. The MacBook I had no problems opening with, but that may have been because of the case, which I opened the Mac with.The battery life of the Lenovo is a bit shorter (at least in my experience; that might just be because I don&#39;t use the Mac that much), but it charges very quickly, so it didn&#39;t affect me that much.

customer: hi...i need something for school.Apple: hi thank you for choosing apple! we currently have 2 laptops on the market! For $2000 we have the laptop with a broken keyboard or if you want the $2500 Version we can give you the latest mac with bad updates that may brick your system and we will probably charge you another 500 to get it &quot;fixed&quot;Customer: yes!

Just installed the latest version of WinDoze 10, now every 20mins my (Alienware) computer freezes, flashes the blue screen of death then shuts off. I never had these problems with my Mac. I am switching back to Mac

This morning, when I opened my 2017 13 inch macbook pro, the screen turned into pink and black but nothing. I went to the service center and it was said the screen must be replaced for about $560. I was disappointed since it is only about 2 years old. Now I am thinking buying a new laptop instead of fixing it

the thinkpad keyboards are amazing. You can even grab them as external variants, so you could probably hook one up to an apple device

I recommend the service of <b>CODE_KNOX</b> on !G he helped me recover my disabled account his genius

Wtf. I&#39;ve been using macbook pro 2011 for years I don&#39;t freakin care anymore about mac or windows. I&#39;m just very happy I have a laptop

Using Dell Inspiron 3521 lol......

im sorry but apple still does it better. for windows theres ALWAYS a trade off. i havent found a single windows laptop that could do everything great keyboard, greatbuild, great speakers for a cheap price. even when it gets more expensive, it still doesnt do somethings better than the macbook. this comment section is just a bunch of windows die hards that just know how to shit on macbooks cuz they cant afford it

I use a windows laptop and it is very great

Totally agree!!! Sick of MAC so difficult to use apps with anything else but MAC!!! I had 4 MAC brands! if traveling and need anything batter charger, anything doesn&#39;t make a difference...you can&#39;t find it but at a Mac store.  MAC isn&#39;t God and isn&#39;t everywhere!!!!!sick and tired of it....finally letting them go!!!

Us coders dont really have a choice ?

i use a windows laptop because it works better for my school and word works so well on window so im not changing back lol

Bro do you realise that you criticised the laptop you moved on   more than a dozen times than apple

The life for ex Apple users (myself included) is always a great one!  Dual-boot is a great with a Linux distro for engineering work in Windows 10 for my creative pursuits. Finally have a machine that doesn&#39;t fall apart after a few months of use (like macbooks). No need for Applecare either because unlike Apple, Lenovo makes a quality product!

Your shifting because e button is not working...I wished I was convinced

But what about screen wise? Which has the better screen?

Gosh this makes me motivated to go back to my work on my windows laptop, thanks!

I was using a Mac for music production. Switched to a PC desktop. I never touched my Mac since.

Can I be a Youtuber? Be BRUTALLY honest  go subscribe to me!

Can I be a Youtuber? Be BRUTALLY honest  go subscribe to me!

Can I be a Youtuber? Be BRUTALLY honest  go subscribe to me!

Fun fact: &quot;E&quot; is the most used letter in english. So yeah, not very surprising when the E key is the first to bust.

DON&quot;T BUY THESE ARE JUNK

HERES another one it is  JUNK  Mac pro bought dec 2019 Apple you are selling expensive JUNK Severe problems usb c Dongles or connectors this is MADNESS on this £2600 Machine, PREMIUM PRODUCTS THIS IS MISS SELLING!I am back using my 2012 Mac pro so pissed i will be sharing the madness! with a video too, on, off, off on they have known this for years! this is disgusting that they still use the same connections what a VILE MONEY GRABBING ENTITY you are APPLE you eaten had more than your fair share of my apple!  ANOTHER GREEDY SOCIETY ABUSING billionaire mentality sucking the 99% of the rest of the planet dry!!!  The 1% shame on you, I now feel slightly better ANGER RELEASED until i get to the APPLE MASTER shop for repair this is going to be ugly as i want a replacement MACHINE YOU XXXXXXX

JUNK    Mac pro bought dec 2019 Apple you are selling expensive JUNK Severe problems usb c Dongles or connectors this is MADNESS on this £2600 Machine, PREMIUM PRODUCTS THIS IS MISS SELLING!I am back using my 2012 Mac pro so pissed i will be sharing the madness! with a video too, on, off, off on they have known this for years! this is disgusting that they still use the same connections what a VILE MONEY GRABBING ENTITY you are APPLE you eaten had more than your fair share of my apple!  ANOTHER GREEDY SOCIETY ABUSING billionaire mentality sucking the 99% of the rest of the planet dry!!!  The 1% shame on you, I now feel slightly better ANGER RELEASED until i get to the APPLE MASTER shop for repair this is going to be ugly as i want a replacement MACHINE YOU XXXXXXX

Wow thanks for the information helpful

The worst laptop I’ve ever use! Can’t even run 32 bit apps anymore!

Thinkpad keyboards have always been the best

Why I have this weird feeling I saw similar video about 5 times this year. BTW every bigger `Youtuber` have this kind of video. Don`t talk to me about Jon Rettinger! Man every without he`s posting on youtube he`s swithing. Like... WTF???

I lived with that chin... LOL

for me..PC window user for online games. Macbook Pro for mobile editing. can hide task bar. editing. on the go. faster configuration when using external monitors for presentation. At home, i don&#39;t use the keyboard. i have a Bluetooth mechanical keyboard that feels more relaxed. i can utilize the speed for editing and take advantage of my 2 external monitors. maybe it&#39;s how you configure your usage?

Meh I’m both a long time Mac and windows user, MAC OS is just better.Windows seems so dated compared to Mac Mac builds vs a laptop win most of the time, the price difference is just insane

I&#39;ll trust you if dave starts with windows.

Im using a second gen macbook air upto now since 2011 for basic reasons. Hahah i haven’t experienced that EEEEE malfunction. Iv been in windows and it was a trashy experience actually  all keyboards malfunctioned. Lol

3 months using macbook pro 13 the command key had a dent and a white layer appeared. Do I have a heavy thumb?

The Thinkpad is meant for work, it&#39;s designed to be used, it&#39;s not designed to be &quot;pretty&quot;. It is a work horse laptop meant for professionals. You got plenty of &quot;fancy&quot; looking laptops for probably the same price and with the same hardware as the Thinkpad. The Thinkpad is reliable and very functional.

Im glad jack is a existing person

Two things that are making me stay with MacBook despite it giving me pains like the well known butterfly keyboard are...1. TrackPad....the trackpad has me tethered with Mac. I have just been completely unable to find a comparable trackpad even at prices much higher than MacBooks.2. OSX. I like that it&#39;s not too intrusive. Updates are not that frequent and I can keep working without really shutting down my laptop for months. It never crashes or fails. That is important to me. I can&#39;t keep re-initializing my workspace day in and day out just because Windows needs to restart my computer.

I guess I&#39;m the only person who loves the butterfly keyboard and has no issues. Using 2019 13 inch MacBook Pro.

The X1 Carbons keyboard gave me a handgasm.

Please make separate videos for the apple hating and the thinkpad loving, otherwise it&#39;s to obvious

I&#39;m switching from Windows to Mac, after 25 yrs, Sick of the Windows issues

U didnt say the brand

Either one of these will get crushed while adjusting my car seat. I will stick with Apple.

This is why I’m quiting windows: it’s slow and it sucks this is why I’m quiting apple: cooling problems this is why I love gnu/linux: it’s the best os ever

You have done your fellow men a great <b>deed</b>

Real euphoria is old 7row Thinkpad keyboards

Terminal on mac is the best but it is shit on windows

Nothing can replace windows from real workhorse !

Guess he hasn&#39;t really been THAT long on Windows 10, yeah? Oohh...the things he&#39;ll find.And here I am as a lifelong user of Windows for way over 30 years, now moved to MacOS and iOS, thanks to the crap shitting bullshit of Windows 10. Fuck Windows 10.

Thx for your advice!

iPad os

Apple is rotten nowWindows was and always be fresh

I use mac..untill last ..macbook pro retina 15 2014..

No surprise Windows is better.

ipoor i buy iphon3 i play rich ;P ...i buy i watch b3caus3 i works with my phone and my headphones.......ibuy laptop it works with all, ps: phone droped no cash to BUY new... lost 1 earbut ....laptop smel burning keyboard not worki(3COSYSTEM) : shut up BUY MOOOOOOORE

Macbook is suck

130K likes vs 13K dislikes shows us 9 (windows user) vs 1 (apple user).from 5/22/2020

He hates it when an &#39;E&#39; button in one or two MacBooks doesn&#39;t work, maybe he will love it when the entire display of windows laptop will not work on the 366th day. Windows hang !!! Macs don&#39;t !!! That&#39;s a fact.

Ah yes.

Apple, I&#39;m sorry. Besides the fact your products costing an arm and a leg, your brain passed away. Now, the body is falling a part slooowly.

<b>that&#39;s</b>

What&#39;s funny is this is my exact experience when transitioning to a Chromebook. I still have my desktop but for everything I use a laptop for the Chromebook works great.
