Of all the single men out there why do these women break up other marriages

Women should have dignity thy has none all the beauty nd fame a homebreakers thy proud of it sad

I think the blame should be 50-50 for both who made affairs and broke marriages

Always same . Jesus ist only one who did no mistakes so he could died for US all.Reporters are humans too.But their work is  to talk about  Life of stars.King David was loved by Lord but he did  cruel things like most of US .Never mind Jesus loved him like us

So if you call these woman as marriage breakers.  OK . Well they know that those men are married.  They shouldn&#39;t have crossed their limits.. if at all for their own reasons of profit.. if woman are chasing men.. are men so weak in commitments.. can&#39;t they control their harmones for their own harmony 

ACCEPT THIS GOD

This is disgusting it&#39;s not only the women who should be blamed the men are equally to be blamed and your language is sick and your Grammer is so bad Atleast use the right pronouns DISGUSTING

I am felling bad for thier wifes

source : trust me bro

Every actress is Randi...
Her husband cheat on her and she tried to cancel the carrier the life of the girl 

I don't know anything, I have made this log video.
It&#39;s all destiny what is returns in destiny it will happen Nobody should be blame and also love is blind deaf and dumb

This girl is full of milk 
From which mindset do you belong from? Such a disgusting title. How can you accuse only the women?

What are these people, they change Gf/Bf more than clothes...you can see that these people have chased even the red light people.
Stop blaming the women.

That&#39;s why men should be allowed to marry  to more than one wife like in Islam

No wonder the industry produces such morally degrading garbage.....the people in it have no ethics themselves!

Enough History. Let us move on to Current Affairs !

Kangna is officialy phsychu

You define the stereotype of our society.. shame on u for blaming it on girls.. those men should be ashamed for forgetting about their marriages as well

These clowns are disgusting

The title should be Cheating men of Bollywood!

Yeah only those women were to blame, not those cheater husbands who were so innocent in your opinion.

What Abt kareena saif

Try to blame married men&#39;s disloyalty in the title as well. A clap doesn&#39;t come from one hand.

OMG
But Rekha and priyanka chopra are not marraige breakers because they did not break any marraige though they were in affair and lastly failed

Mens run behind woman woh bolo naaa
Title should be &quot;celebrity married men who cheated &quot;

Stop calling women a marriage breaker these affairs are not one sided these men are also equally to be blamed its wrong to date a married man but the man also should faithful and loyal to his wife if he really loved her he wouldn&#39;t cheat on her and leave her broken down

I think jab kangana or Hrithik ka chal rha tha jab Hrithik single tha or jab usne kisi or se shaadi kar li toh kangana ne sab Pol khol di or usko bhi chorr diya

Poor innocent boys !! never had a say in this matter it was just that the bad girls took the boys and broke their marriage 

Proves one thing that these men didn&#39;t respect their wives and as well as they wanted to have fun..And these women are accessible to these men not having any dignity to involve in love affair with married men...You can understand one is not faithful to their partner and other is not having morality and breaking a family resulting in broken family...I feel sad for next generation whom these wrong values are passed as being in love....When it&#39;s lust

PC cares a f*** about Karan or Gauri..

Please dont blame.only.ladies...the men were married and expected to serve their marriage and children..... Not who ever is attractive or desirable

Akshay Kumar date many beautiful woman&#39;s in Bollywood raveena tandon shilpa shetty rekha pooja b priyanka c many more beautiful actress Is not just woman&#39;s Is both

Ajay ki news wrong h

Every heroine who is a hero is married to an Arab man, the film is about to kill a Gharb hero.
Photo kyu bechari in sab ki lagai h 

Don’t blame nobody. The husbands mentioned above were the one who chose to divorce their wives. They are the marriage breaker 

Btw, i cant blc all the actresses whom I thought strong feminists were all side bitches at some part of their life

Why is it people always blame the women  specifically male Indian actors feel entitled.

Well no one is blaming the male actors who were equally responsible for doing these things right?

How can they have affairs with married man? Home wreckers. Shame on you.Kangana is nastiest 

Wtf us marriage breakers lol

I hated it
As per this video, almost most bollywood heroines r marriage breakers.....,

I don&#39;t understand why blaming the woman they had to blame their husbands if they were truly love their wife&#39;s they never do it

Jhot h sbbbb

I am sorry,it take 2 persons for having a affairse not only 1,woman cant just be blame

It is more the fault of a married man than the fault of a girl.
I think Raj Kundra&#39;s first wife tried to play the victim card. I mean they divorced in 2006, Shilpa became the winner of Big Brother in 2007, and also famous in the UK in 2007. Raj met Shilpa only in 2007, how can Shilpa break a marriage that was already broken? Also, Raj said that his First wife was having an affair with his ex-brother-in-law. That&#39;s why the marriage ended

Shilpa Shetty is worst actress of entire generation and time, totally overhyped

Wish i could dislike this video for blaming the 3rd woman

Why women always blamed men also should be blamed equally. Talli ek hath se nai bajti  par humko ladki ko hi badam karna hota hai 

Are you a video without your marriage, don't break it when I make this video, I will tell you which wife or husband you are with, which one will you tell me about the child? Is Shakal Milti Julti available or is it served???
No is not good what are telling

Used material they enjoy perhaps.

Now Kiran rao is also gone 

There is no such thing as &quot;marriage breaker&quot;.

Kangana was and is The WORST..SHAMELESS MORAL LESS

kangana n hritik roshan
It&#39;s definitely fault of men , it&#39;s very crucial to find a dignified or one woman man in this era. Men lie about their marital status and dating sites are full of men who are already married and divorced in actual but their profiles say something different and their wives are not aware of this fact their husbands are running after young single women . Bcz they know throw a dirt on women&#39;s character or name is very easy. I&#39;ve seen this thousand times in real life .They may be your teacher , or any random man . Men see us as a good consumable body , they think out of their biology , they don&#39;t care if you are gold medalist in economics or have been topper in university. I&#39;ve been victim of this 4 to 5 times .1st was a teacher and 2nd was a 35 years old guy and he was hitting on 22 years old me and definitely he was single but man see the age difference first . Hit on women who are of your age . I hate those kind of morons

I don&#39;t know about the rest but Shilpa is not a home breaker because Raj was already in divorce process when he met Shilpa in London . So stop speaking rubish about her!!

Apart all these discussion....I want to know from u people y there is pic of Deepika padukone and kriti sanon on cover page....please be little conscious before using the pics of any celebrity for such allegation or video u call.....

These men were not innocent either ...why not blame them too .. it does work both ways.

Yeah, as if the men were innocent babies who were dragged into the relationships without their will &amp; knowledge. Dumbasses 

I hated Kangana.
Kangna is a very big vamp

Why these men run after beautiful women to get in to their peaceful life?? This happens everywhere. The men are getting amazed by the beauty, intelligence and charisma of an unmarried lady/girl why because his wife might not be as beautiful as his crush,  very simple answer. But the fact is that he cannot stay trustworthy in his marital life anymore. You&#39;ve to be blamed such family men for chasing innocent ladies to destroy their peaceful lives. Such Womanizers. Pity on them. HuhI&#39;ll give you an example. You can see the intense love and affection of Sharukh towards Priyanka Chopra when he asked question, during her Miss India competition. Love and shyness was obvious in his eyes then.  The video is still in the YouTube. After she got appointed many of his upcoming projects. This is how these foxes come forward to destroy girls. And at the end of the day all blames and curses goes on women. What the heck is this. What kind of ignorance is this.

Damn, do u have any shame to blame all the women here..get life u stupid girl

First of all kangana was not annaffair with aditya pancholi.

Yeah u r talking as if only women were clupritMen were so loyal with their wives and these actresses just kept a chain in those mens&#39;  neck and forced tham to destroy their marraiges

Don&#39;t give us wrong information for views 
Bollywood SLUTS

y ru showing kriti sanon pic
The title should be &quot;the few attractive women who attracted married actors&quot;. In fact, the wives of these male actors are emotionally insecure and then blame those attractive women. Beyond reel life, there is a real life between n amongst those actors and actresses as they too are human beings. When a person is in love, whether he is single or married its his choice to stay with his spouse or divorce his or her spouse. Its human to fall in love. After all the heart rules when in love. There&#39;s nothing as marriage breaker. This video is simple nonsense.

Rto

Actually it’s the men who left their wives for some one else! Men can’t be faithful especially when it’s given to them on a plate it’s hard for them to say no. So give it a rest don’t blame the girls all the time

I can&#39;t believe ajay cheated on kajol

It&#39;s not right to only blame the actresses because the actors ware also 50 persent partner 

All credit goes to women only, men don&#39;t have any fault. Biased video really

Using Islam to marry more women. Wow. Cheap.So dharma babu ka dharam sirf woman. No respect for his family tradition. No respect for islam, because he only used it yo get a woman. Wah!

Ok fine! But were all these men toddlers? Why women are blamed whereas the men leave their wives who not only loved them but also be mothers to their kids.... Come one guys, grow up and do not paint women shady whereas such men melt in front of anything in skirts!!!!

Their is not dipika so why you keep her photo please don&#39;t do like this 

Why only women blame for marriage breaker men are equally responsible for tht.

Nonsense videos! Get a life please.

Why did you put Deepika? She didn’t break anyone’s marriage. Why didn’t you put kali billi Bipasha on this video? She broke Karan Jennifer’s marriage.

Rekha was not the reason. Actually Amitabh was supposed to marry Rekha but Jaya&#39;s father was famous dramatist screenwriters and also famous playwright. To get debut in Bengali cinema (it&#39;s was more popular than bollywood) he married Jaya

You can&#39;t clap with one hand

In any love affair, why always people and society blame only girl. Men and woman should be served equally

Kangana is shit doesn&#39;t deserve anyone despo

Title should be cheater men

Here Men were  also the marriage breaker ...not the women

Kangna ThePlaygirl

Kareena should be on the list.....

Kangna is like covid.....if anyone involves gets effected

kangana
Title should be married men cheating

Hrithik never had an affair with Kangana. She was the one obsessed with him and stalking him.  When he did not respond to her sexual ouvertures, as a revenge, she schemed to use his fame and name to create a  controversy and make mileage .  Just read her mails.and her threats.  And of course, for his haters, it was a Godsent excuse to blame him and stupidly applaud Kangana.

Just shut up Kangana is Queen 

Extra marital affairs by men

Y married men look for extra marital affair
Mens r also equally involved... Extra marital affair do log krte h to sirf ek ko q blame krne ka

I love kangana raunat
Many blame the women, but even if it&#39;s true, tell me something none of these women were married, they weren&#39;t the ones who made vows of till death do us part. So why should only them take the blame? The men are also at fault, they were the ones who got married. You here people say &quot;Didn&#39;t she know he was married?&quot; But never asked if the man remembered he was married. As for the wife no offense but when you discovered their affair how maturely did you handle the situation? Because your response also matters a lot.

It&#39;s Pulkit Samrat not SHARMA

The ones who are married are responsible. It is true that women who have moral values don&#39;t date married men, but it is a man&#39;s responsability to be faithful. They are not animals guided by their instincts. They have brain and must use them when possible :/

Why are women always blamed? The guy and the girl, both were to be blamed as the BOTH WERE INVOLVED.

Hrithik never dated kangana it was just another controversy raised by kangana just to make money from HR but she failed badly as everyone believed on hrithik and I&#39;m personally happy about that We can tell that from her affair status She is a bitch herself and she literally proves that by all her actions. Hrithik is completely innocent Love for hrithik a lot of hatred to kamgana

Where is Kriti Sanon? Showed too much in the title. Bloody nonsense
Exactly all these actresses are to be blamed... But what about the men

How can ajay and kangana&#39;s affair exist isnt kangana having affair or relationship 7 yrs with hritik

No one can stay happy to breaking others marriage life

Kangana ranauat 
R u drunk or had drugs. Listen to the way you speak.

Get your Facts Right......Don&#39;t be a fool and ...try to make other fool

How cheap is Kangana!! And she calls herself as a hero of Bollywood!!

THESE COMMENTS PASSED THE VIBE CHECK   FOR ONCE
Shilpa got Raj's divorce for the greed of money 
Kangana every where, bhen itay affair 

These men broke their own marraige by involving with other women 

Why Kangana is only falling in love with married men?

What about Bollywood actors who are unfaithful husbands/cheaters?

Just shut your mouth keep quiet. Everyone know who came between whom Rekha never entered between anybody&#39;s life. Infact she was the one who was betrayed for money... So keep your nasty mouth, stop spreading false news

Sorry to say that it takes 2 to tango.Don&#39;t just shift the blame on the Bollywood actresses.

A PERSON IN APPETITE CAN DO ANYTHING TO ACHIEVE THE DESIRED OBJECTS. PRESENT VIDEO REFLECTS SIMILAR ACTIONS.

Except in kangana situations, in others man should be blamed

the way this video is saying it sounds like the ppl making these videos listen to ppls phone calls or follow ppl around everyday then how is anyone getting any chance to go to their families forget about affairs

Kangna to parsadi h 
Kangana
Both the parties are to be blame a married men going after women and women going after married men it wrong. If you are married stay with your wife.and women don&#39;t date a married man.

Not Bollywood it&#39;s a affair wood

Priyanka is a clever and untrustworthy b.

The title should be cheater bollywood husbands

Why you posted kriti sanon&#39;s photo??

Why always blame woman? Can&#39;t clap with one hand

What about men who are marriage breaker ...don’t always blame women ...

Why the hell h kept Kriti Sanon  don&#39;t to it u fool

Fan fact:  Kiran Rao and Amir khan now separated  

Please change the title into cheater husbands

I didn&#39;t believe that yami mam too

Just shows how misogynistic it is , wtf what is marriage breakers , ask that stupid guy to stay in his limits , he is married not her

Women need to control their husbands through Kama sutra methods . It is pathetic that you blame women for the weakness of males.

These men are CHARACTERLESS

Bollywood actresses are not marriage material ...

Thanks for sharing

I have no doubt about chopra she would be the first on the list

Both the man and lady are equally responsible

I just hate karan

When a woman's house is destroyed, another woman is responsible for it.
Disgusting!  Just see the mentality!  The married man also should be blamed.. And leave them alone.. It&#39;s their life..

I hate such kind of women

Shameless people

Dairty bollywood

Pulkit Is single not married

Being a woman urself it doesn&#39;t suit u to put a title like this...I agree with the part that woman too are wrong in keeping an affair with a man while knowing the fact that he is already married but sorry to be being harsh but if a married man was involved with u... would u like to be called a marriage breaker woman??

No one can snatch a real man who knows that a single woman is worthy to need to get indulged with other women

We&#39;ll , nobody in the video said anything about those men who stepped out on their partners. It&#39;s not the women&#39;s faulty %. Shame.

this is wrong information, Bonny kapoor marrie shree devi after her first wife death, not divorce with first wife.

Just wanna say Taali nahi bati se haath !!
Smoky evening sounded like she was drunk 

Really women are marriage breakers what about men

Bhai sir u can't blame one side's fault
Firstly marriage breaker don’t exist. If the men didn’t give chance to women then there wouldn’t be marriage breakup. If marriage breaks Bcz of another woman then the man is weak and his marriage was crap  in the first place

Wonder if you will tell about ur life the same way you giving light to them 

Yes why is the girl who is single to be blamed for marriage breaker Wat abt the guys who r already married n still look out other girls but still the title is to girl.... People don&#39;t value relationship, family n their responsibility towards family... Love is like a trend that is so subjective to change

Why deepika nd ranveer   u idiot 
This is the first ever video that i disliked ...can&#39;t believe that the youtuber is a women and.being a women she is making this video ...here she is trying to show that these ladies destroyed the house of the men which is absolutely rediculus ...they themselves were loose from character and destroyed their family ....

Ohh so the blame goes to women the men doesn&#39;t know anything right oh wow .....pls if this incident s are real and if they did cheat its not only women  who are responsible because if you are in a relationship there will be two people not one

I increased the speed for making it sound fine! 

Imagine watching this video on 0.25 speed... 

Kangana in every such list! 

Kangana ️️️️
No one cam call these women &quot;marriage breakers&quot; ..... They didn&#39;t force the men to marry them..... All those men fell for the women..... Pls blame the men also equally as the women couldn&#39;t have married them unless the men agreed..... Why is it so that only the women are always blamed?????

Shame on the the one who Framed the title! why never confront the man?

Men r equally responsible...

Kriti Sanon is the worst marriage breaker. She trapped Sushant with her latka jhatka and bcoz of her selfishness Sushant did not marry Ankita and see now Sushant is no more

SMOKY DUFFER.. THE VOICE OVER IS YUCKY......
Lol you said aditya chopra divorced &#39;her&#39; sweetheart It should be his  3.21

M I only the one who find Kangana Ranaut affair with so many people in industry???????

I knew it was Rani Mukherjee!

Did you told Tridevi?

Due to Kangana everyone&#39;s wife broke up with their husbands. But Kangana can&#39;t keep relationship with Ajay, Hrithik and the other mans also....She is sooooo had 

PREFERENCE OR CHOICE OR INTEREST VARIES FROM  PERSON TO PERSON.

As a reporter please address the person with right gender .   Ex. He n his is for man and She n her is for woman ...

Why blame women? Married men are the ones who cheat!
I hope Hrithik and his wife get together again 

Bcz they are all idiots and good for nothing Bollywood is worst nothing to be watched boring

Why is kriti sanon there

Why always the Title about actresses. Actors kya dood peete bachche hai jo usko pata liya aur woh pat gaye...Its so mean.....Try to reveal the nasty side of the Actors also...

That's Pulkit Sharma not Pulkit Samrat
Kiran rao is not an actress.

Its not pulkit Sharma its pulkit samrat

That's why Kangana ruined Hrithik's life 
Shob guli maaggiii
Ye Kangana Raunat kuch jada hee tez hai ??????. One thing to say is too much, this woman is faster than the one above.
Why the title saying actress who are marriage breakers??  Actors are equally responsible for the extra marital affair,  taali ek haath se nh bajti

Why did you do kriti sanon s pic in the video cover?

Kangana yuckk
The men are the ones to be blamed not the women becos last time I checked it is the men that are married not the women

I hated Kangana
who ever noticed. th is videos voice is very low

Well, we all know ONE male who broke up and had fights which other, Hats off to you Ranbir!!

I hated it
Kangana
Besaraam auratee
Rekha and Amitabh were wrong to engage in a relationship while he was married and it seems like they are still in love but respect goes to both Amitabh for choosing his family and fixing he&#39;s marriage and Rekha for respecting he&#39;s decision. sometimes love isn&#39;t always a fairytale.

Gauri and karan cannot even touch priyanka

This little thing is also said.. Sali
Where is Bipasha basu

Why did you put a picture of Kriti Sanon in front of you?
Deepika ️️️️️️
Looking at the title I thought the girls asked them to divorce their wives at gun pointthey fell for them then the actual marriage breaker is the guy

Yeah all the fault is of women right man are cradle babies that don&#39;t know what&#39;s happening. Fault is of women like creator that make suck content blaming women

Marriage breaker actresses ??? Seriously..Title should be...Actors who are marriage breakers... Also...where are gay couples 

Kangana is such a marriage breaker actress, not just one time breaker and she breaker 4 times so I don’t understand why people support this bitch actually.  Why Deepika’s picture on main space and she never love with married man like Kangana. All young single handsome boys love with Deepika and no one marriage man in Deepika’s list.

HOW CAN SOMEONE LEAVE A BEUTIFUL WOMEN LIKE KAJOL

Both male and female deserve the blame. Half the females here know that the men were taken- respect their wives, and all of the males here SHOULDVE RESPECTED THEIR WIVES TOO. I love Kajol and hate to see the fact she was cheated on!

Why don't we read slippers In celebrities, we have not given importance to marriage but we have become famous and we have not understood the husband... actresses are still showing skin.
Wtf they womens blame womens....They must blame their husband....Lol 

Moral: Don&#39;t marry a celebrity

OMG I&#39;M SHOCKED 
This is so insulting and disgusting. How dare you put a title like that? For how long are you gonna ignore men&#39;s responsibility for their affairs? Boys will be boys ha? Disgusting!

Priyanka is very lucky ..........she get the best one in her real life nick Jonas

S

Please take in hindi please 



I an shoked when I saw Kriti Sanon&#39; s.  Picture in intro

Why you blame Rekha mam??Seriously?? Do you know about Rekha??

Men and the women are equally to be blamed here. Girls should not go behind married men and married men should be punished for luring unmarried women.

not only actresses do of all actor also ??

And who writes your narration? Don&#39;t you have a copy editor to check your script? Can&#39;t you get better voice overs? Your VO has a very poor diction.

In an extramarital affair, both men and the third person is equally responsible for their dirty business. Shame on these guys...cultureless, characterless people.

Shilpa shetty like SHITTY LOL?

Kanjar Khana
Title should men who cheat his wife for other women..

Hahaha that the kind of reputations that haunts a woman for the rest of her life

<a href="">2:51</a> He is Pulkit Samrat not pulkit sharma

pls work on your voice next time

@Smokey Evening, so you mean to say that only women are responsible for these relationships and divorces. What about the men who got involved with unmarried women even when they already had a wife and kids at home. Why in this modern world also only women are being victimised. Am not a feminist or anything but I think it is not fair to blame only women for all these cases. Men are also equally responsible for the same.And regarding Rekha, it was Jaya Bhaduri (now Jaya Bachan) who had separated Amitabh-Rekha relationship. Their relationship was known to all in the industry and then Jaya entered and pulled some cunning strings to get married to Amitabh. It is known to everyone of that period. I don&#39;t think Amitabh had any relationship with Rekha after his marriage to Jaya.

Karan and gauri tried to destroy priyanka &#39;s carrier but she is now way more famous than karans idiotict nepotism products

It is pulkit samrat

Some of this aren&#39;t true!

If these men were so good than why did they divorce their 1st one ????

So jao

It takes two people to have an affair. So these men running after women are not better than the women who are &quot;homebreakers&quot;.

Pulkit Samrat not sharma ...soyeli

here&#39;s my take why these affairs were so stupid ...shilpa shetty ugly... kangana very ugly ... kiran rao ughh ... yami gautam i can imagine a man slipping ... adiya chopra and boney kapoor , oh mother of god, why would any woman want to be with such absolutely yucky looking men ... and shekhar kapoor, preety zinta could have done much much better than that....

The title photo must be changed 

The women are wronged for breaking marriages..... Wake up girl man is as much responsible for a divorce..... the title should be men can&#39;t control their dicks n left their wife for someone else!!!!

Why is Kareena Kapoor not in the list ???Is this the Khan&#39;s PR?And all ladies mentioned here are not from industry they worked hard and earned the name so stop brainwashing.

Why you guys always blame women ??? Men also equal responsible for the divorce and destroy their married life

Karan and pc r really good friends. And she was also casted in dostana and agneepath

Wonderful instruments 4 entertainment that&#39;s meaning 100prent right .a lady is bedroom eating things of men.

Kanagana is a full bitch 
He is pulkit samrat

The news was completely okay but the mistake was only in the news of Hema Malini .....Dharmendra never divorced her first wife to marry Hema....

Kangana is now sati savitri..nothing against her please.... We are blind bhakts and we worship her.

sweet jesus! you are relentless

Title should be- Married men cheating on their wives.Also, play on 1.25x speed

What about Kareena Kapoor?

Married men cannot make their mind. Chasing one after another. It’s two way always

this is very wrong. the so called &#39;male stars&#39; are the cheaters still all the shaming is for the women only.&quot;list of stupid coward men&quot; should be the title.

But I really can&#39;t understand ki unki wife&#39;s inko accept Kar kaise Leti hai ? If Ur husband is having extra marital affair then why u need him ? Aj Iske sath hai kal Kisi or ke sath kab tak jasusi karoge kab tak aise husband ke piche bhagoge ? Why u need a man bhale hi naam ke lea ho? Here I say ki unki wife bewakoof hai Jo aise husband ko accept Karti hai bhadh mei jaa

Why are girls telling other girls there marriage breakers like bitch stop blaming the girl your man left you not her not shilpas fault you couldn’t keep your husband! It’s Your husbands fault and your fault not shilpas! Stop fuckin blaming girls for Everything disgrace!

How the hell is there so many affairs in Bollywood? It’s like when you get famous you have to have an affair or something

What will we do by their marriage breakupps please don,t tell about their and religion because they donmt folllow these things

Why only blame priyanka ,karan johar and gauri trying to destroy priyanka&#39;s bollywood career but shame on them now she is also a hollywood

Right, most of the men divorced their wives to pursue them. They didn&#39;t try to do anything on purpose

More than these women are homewrecker. It&#39;s that those Men are cheaters. So heading should be &quot; bollywood celebrities who cheated on their wives&quot;. Get it correct

Kangana Ranaut is a cheap lady

Such a true title aur iss title se ladkiyo ki jal zrur rhi hai

pagal ho aap log kuch be boltay ho

The tile is disgusting

Nonsense video

Why did u put Deepika &#39; s when she was not a part of this video .

Why Kirti Sanon pic
it&#39;s pulkit samrat not pulkit sharma

And what about the men only girls are guilty this is our society and u r promoting it shame on you

Kangana everytime consider her as the queen but in reality she is very rude and to bad. She tries to make couple divorce.

I love Deepika and Priyanka ️

Stupids blaming kangana . She is no of that type.

what do you need to say that kagana is character less...

These girls are the breakers or these men are the ones who have washed their milk.
Nobody can break anyone &#39; relationship

Kriti Sanon ka pic kyu thaa

Hello aunty these women cannot be blamed solely..ye uncle log ankh bandh karke toh khada nahi tha

Kangana 
Deepika&#39;s photo - just for veiws
in <a href="">4:21</a> the narrator laughs

I hate Priyanka chopra

chiiii no 1 is good in bollywood xcept sme

This topic is a cheat.... it should be men going before unmarried girls even after marrige

Some destroyed the life of women

Priyanka was just looking to win the lotto

Atleast these ladies were not married.What abt men who were husbands and fathers and yet ended up getting entangled in extra-marital affairs?

Why is it always women to be blamed  those characterless men even after marriage have affairs blame those men not women

The freakin reader lady sounds so lazy. <b>“Dirty men cheating their wives and </b><b><i>lusting</i></b><b> over their pretty co stars”</b> is much more accurate for the title. This is why Priyanka left this senseless broken industry and left to a place where real talent is respected!

Are you kidding me, these men are equally responsible!!

How about Men who broke their wedding vows? 

Y marriage breaker...wolog v equally  responsible  h apni wife ko cheat krne me, kav aisa video v bnao &#39;man who cheated their wife..

Why kriti sanon...
if not one of these women,  those men was going to cheat on their wives with others

Who came for kriti sanon 
I pray for the third party

This video is really shitty. You know marriage happens between two people. And when one of them cheats that person is the one who breaks it.

Agar pyar sacha ho to koi bh beech mai nh asakta

Kangana is useless to everyone in Bollywood.. Drama queen, she does anything for money...
Get the title right..*<b>.so called stars who cheated on their wives*</b>

This bollywood is such a nasty industry......i used to be both priyanka and srk&#39;s fan.....but day by day very nasty and worse things are opening up regarding this industry like nepotism, casting couch and now this shit......P.s.:  i m not bashing any male or female star here....

This bollywood is such a nasty industry......i used to be both priyanka and srk&#39;s fan.....but day by day very nasty and worse things are opening up regarding this industry like nepotism, casting couch and now this shit......P.s.:  i m not bashing any male or female star here....

How you dare to blame kangna have she ever revealed it foolish

These men are not attractive whatsoever.

Kangana is the biggest marriage breaker

God Bony is so uglyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
I hat the shit media industry .. have some self respect

THIS IDIOTIC, AND DISGUSTING KANGANA!!!I JUST HATE HER, UGHHH!!!!!

Why don't you say that those actors who are married to other virgin actresses are insulting you? Cheap mentality's marchod's children
Bhenchod Indian media jhutth failana band karo, koi bhi actors actress friends bane tum affair kehte ho sharam karo sharam

The voice over artists need to learn to speak better English

The other women is always to be blamed. Never the husbands.

These men are toBlame but she’s happily married now to Nick Jonas

Guari and &quot;her&quot; friend ...lol

Why the hell is the narrator talks like that??

What about the stupid married guys? Aren&#39;t they responsible? Don&#39;t  they realise the dangers of sabotaging their marriage and family just to enjoy a fling with some brainless bimbos?

Weak men.
you sound too sure

smoky evening sucks
Why they guys are getting married first... Shit

What about these Men? No one forced them!!!

Both are street side dogs and rotten pigs

What the absolute bull crap is this? Isn&#39;t it also the fault of the actors. Look at your stupid content.

The Bollywood is scairy place

Kangana and other marriage breakers posseses a itchy cunts.they need to spiritually cleanse themselves, before their lives could be in danger.

Morally weak.Married man are more responsible to break their marriage.

First n last thing can u talk bit fast..it&#39;s bloody irritating



Aur woh mard jinhone apni marriage todi?
Even though its wrong kangana was single these men where married they had more to loose so shouldn&#39;t they be the ones to blame?Anywho....these ladies will loose them just like they got them

And those who tried ruining Priyanka chopras career failed terribly , now she is known in both Hollywood and Bollywood  in fact the entire world knows her

The Aamir Khan one is false

Shame u r disgracing them

Hmeichhe thiam loh ngawt pawh a ni lo, mipa khi an ler kawk thin em ani

Wow always blame the Woman.

Dirty side of entertaimment kapoor

English ki tho baja di

&quot;10 shitty bollywood men who left their own families&quot;

Why does children of the man&#39;s family blame the other woman.? When their own father leaves their mother after years of bond, what and why will the other woman feel sad for their mother ..

Is it ok to cheat your wives? &amp; Then you blame the women...how unfair..how can they get involved with women &amp; blame them too.

So the man isnt responsible for clearly having an extra marital affair and you&#39;re going to blame it all on the females?

Aditya pancholi was harassing kangana she even filed FIR against him u need to check ur facts u r relying on gossips ofcourse

its not kangana&#39;s fault.sheme those married husband...who engaged with others although they have beautiful wives

Such a dirty industry. 

For God sake woman talk a bit faster, terrible anchoring

I hate kagna so much
Where are you from bringing this stupid or fake news.
Stop making roumers

I don&#39;t know why shahrukh is here! I didn&#39;t expected.

You cant blame the woman if your own husband is disloyal to you. No one can force you into relationship if you dont want.

#

Kangna and Priyanka are no less than anyone else.
Kangana has some &#39;supernatural&#39; power

The cheating husband/wife is to be blamed for infedility as they are the ones to break their marriage vows. If they are loyal to their partners then no matter how tempting the outside person is, the relationship wont get affected! Period

Orteen marriage breaker hen to murder don't mind he did
Disgusting...

Who even believes this crap?

Due to Convid 19, Amitabh needs to be distance from his wife Jaya too 

u left kareena Kapoor?

Firstly ... The title should be married men who ditched  their wives.... And most of these are based on paparazzi and rumours.... Not right to defame women due to speculations...

Kangna and Priyanka dono gandi ghatiya orat k nam pe kalank
What the hell is this video?

Marriage breaker??? You mean home wrecker...come on it takes two to tango.., can’t just blame women..men are equally wrong ‍️

Its their lives! Why are you running behind?

why dont u make a title of man who cheat on their partner

These men., ...

Firstly why women are blamed more than men , only coz men were showing interest women had responded , for a sec ,one person lost his brain wat about other one

Shameless man when u r already married how can u date another woman....even the girls r shamelessly dating married man.....

And the man has no part to play at all?

By the way it&#39;s Pulkit Samrat not Sharma 

Husbands and lovers are equally to blame to. But I can’t understand how women in Bollywood like Priyanka and Kangana are proud to be seen as the lover! I mean, women should support each other and never get into a marriage, it doesn’t matter how bad the marriage seems to be if he is not truly separated or divorce he is not free! where is the self-esteem?... yes, husband should respect their wives but first we should respect ourselves... and also to be proud of being a lover!  I Can’t understand it!... maybe is only on Bollywood.

U can&#39;t blame only ladies for these kind of affairs even men r equally responsible for these kind of extra marital affairs...

Ok so Priyanka became the wife of every star who was banned from Bollywood.
That mean kangna is a trouble maker.

Why is deepika in the picture..? Clickbaiting people with wrong info

<a href="">2:35</a> why showing madhuri then

If it&#39;s true I&#39;m glad priyanka didn&#39;t get involved with that akshay. She&#39;s now a legend.

I don&#39;t like kangana
Not srk

Its not 3rd person&#39;s fault, it is fault of those husbands or wives who let a 3rd person enter their relationship.

Nonsense

Why is always the women who get the blame...why did this godly married men go behind unmarried young heroines leaving their wives and children And if it was such a strong bond/marriage how can any person even get in between that..

You can&#39;t blame the females. One can&#39;t clap hands with one hand. The men were equally involved. How can you say the females broke the marriage?

i m sleeping while heard her voice...

My gawd the way she speaks in English my soul left my BODY

This trule ritik cheated on his wife?

Men are not honest so they fall in love with a woman....after marriage

Millions of us worship these marital viruses. Why?

How you get all those information ️

Most of actress are going married man for money better deal for them don&#39;t even care that somebody&#39;s homes are getting broken by their actions  but why just woman

That is all right. But why did you take Deepika and Kriti&#39;s pics to highlight the information in it? This is not good.

The Indian culture needs to start blaming men for there actions instead of just the women. Also I don&#39;t think they were happy in their marriages.

Sadly but y r only females blamed the husbands r cheaters

Amir khan have women bad taste 

He is Pulkit Samrat not Sharma

marriage doesn&#39;t last long doesn&#39;t matter you are in hollywood or not- however- it takes 2 to get tangle- why blame the other woman..blame on the man too.

It takes 2 to tango!!!

femme fatale
lol.. As if the girl is the only one responsible!  Stop shaming women only for an affair. This is 2020. No one is buying your shit anymone.  Go home.

Oh really you think that it&#39;s the women faults dude come on maybe in some cases it&#39;s true but we can&#39;t just tell that it&#39;s the women faults as the men also have a 50% of faults in it so come. I don&#39;t like the title of the video. Whoever is agree with me pls like the comment.

hritik was already divorced when kangna went after him.

Very bad  examples to society......

I think if a married guy cheats on his wife who is loyal, then the woman should do the same, why always married women suffer all that ,why they don&#39;t teach their husbands by leaving them , married men can easily go to extra marital affairs then why married women not???

Pulkit is marriedi like him a Lot
I know, that  affairs are not one sided, but I never liked Priyanka. Now i know why.  Gauris reaction was absolutely correct!!

Why always women get the blame but not the men?

Amitabh buddhachan can be openly blamed because he was besharam who engaged with rekha thoghu he is having wife and kids and destroying the image of rekha in Bollywood

Sure.... Only WOMEN are to be blamed right? The men involved are saints. Such a shitty society we sadly reside in.

Half the relations U mention were sheer rumours.... Get some fact check before saying anything

I dont belive it priyanka wont do that

Now we know why Priyanka also went to Hollywood

Plz change the title to married men who cheated... Rather than putting this non sense here

It&#39;s Pulkit Samrat not Pulkit Sharma

Once a bitch in Bollywood always a Bitch. Spread your legs and make your Big Catch.

Married Men are responsible for the divorce not the actresses....Actors ko dimag nhi tha kya...hamesha actresses ko hi blame kyu krte ho?isme koyi actresses home breaker nhi he...apne aap nhi kiya...

All these things are done for money… Because true love is only for one person, whatever happens after that is not love, it happens after seeing beauty and money….. 
It sounds absolutely sexist and only targeted for women involved in affairs. What about all the men who went around  looking for love outside their marriage?

This total video is a made up story

Some of this sound ridiculous. Could it be that the men fell out of love with their wives or married who they wanted initially

That guy is pulkit samrat and not pulkit sharma ig?

Please change the person speaking...

Title should be &quot;A**holes who cheated on their wives&#39; &quot; 

I was just wondering,   if I kick these actresses asses how many pricks will fall to count ???? Despite all these they still show a innocent SMILE in public......hehehehe

Yes because men don&#39;t have any responsibility right? Wow this is such a terrible video. What total BS.

What a stupid, ill-informed video

y r u blaming these women ....they r not alone responsible for their relationships

All Senseless.. Shameless.... And this is a news!.... Useless

men are confused and always after intelligent woman, its not the woman

Kangana tumlog ko inform ki thi kya.. Aditya to hai hi pagal.. Or rhi bat hritik ki to wo to pahle hi Divorce kr liye the.. Ajay not possible for affair any girls.. What a rubbish yu tube..

Where is bipasha basu and karan grover

Wow home breaker titled should be given to  married men as they are the one breaking it. If a married women going for extra martial affairs than only she should be  name as home breaker. It&#39;s show how easily we forgive man n blame women

You can not trust a man it is not possible

That&#39;s the reason I hate bollywood for them having affairs of cheating therir partners are soo easy I mean how can they I admit that they are fab actors but in reality they all are cheaters and liers correct me if I am wrong

These women are shamelss and cheap homebreakers

F**k *ff

Change the title of the videos immediately. These men are responsible for the breakups.

No one drags any one to have an affair

Here just the womens are being blamed and one should always know that these affairs can&#39;t be one sided and men should be equally blamed. This shows how patriarchy still exists in the mentality of people.

Why is Kriti&#39;s picture in the cover picture of this video. She is not a marraige breaker

Why did you not say Kareena Kapoor Khan's name?
Who who hate kangana  like who love kangana comment  (i just hate  kangana )
Reena is very Beautiful.So what Happened with this Pisces Man?People should be careful.The Fish always swims in the EndWhat Goes around comes around

Shame on the ladies

The guys were equally involved as well.

Mena are equally  blamed for extra marital affair but one point raise in my mind why these womans choose married man . In industry lots of guys whi are unmarried then why they become home breaker

Why blame only women n npt that married man who cheated their wives.

Why blame only women n npt that married man who cheated their wives.

Bunch of BS

Your biased is so obvious. The men are also to be blamed.

I hated Kangana
All these marriage breaker kutiyas will have their life destroyed soon. It’s called KARMA

I just don&#39;t understand our society .why always girls are wrong in society &#39;s eyes.  I just hate these bloody society

Smokeyevening writers are quite petty . Some trash website. c grade writing and mindset. Come one people get skme life other than writing cheap stuff.

Wot most hindi super stars or heros are cheaters and also actresses

Weeee, simply saying bollywood has a serious problem on maintaining their own marriage and blaming each other.

Why are these women getting the blame ? The men are married and took vows to be faithful and honest their broke their promise to their wives so that doesn&#39;t make the women wrong who were free and single and if he doesn&#39;t have any loyalty to his wife or family why should she even care????

If you think these men fell in love with all other woman.. no they never did... These men will change to a new girl as soon as someone better comes along

Only girls are not responsible!!,,

Kangana Mentioned this in her interview that .. aditya Tried to attack on kanagna ...that was not her mistake .. on the other side hritik Roshan was interested in Kangana ... kangna wasnt much...and the kind of straight forward girl she is... i am sure ...she couldnt lie on the national television

It&#39;s not her sweetheart wife, it&#39;s his sweetheart wife for God sake work on your communication skills

Please work please on your Grammer part !!

Where did Kriti come from my friend...
This is fake.

Jhut

Excellent video.....We are supposed to live in 21st century....But still girls are responsible for divorce...Great...NO??

It isn&#39;t  look like true..

A man is called a bastard and a bad name is a woman.
Ya and the men were so innocent  not to be blamed at alll...

This videos title should be men are easily seducable by anyone and he doesnt need to chose for himself

In reality almost all of the Bollywood actors and actresses and filled with jealousy and hatred. They put on a fake mask that masks their real personality

Why are the girls getting blamed a relationship is two sided so take this shit down

If dont believe this things

Please correct your English first

Shob guli magi

Why bipasha is not there is also a marriage breaker.....I just hate her

But Salman has secret love affair with Bollywood actress......

What about bipasha, kareena

Why Did u show kriti salon here

most of these seem to be false rumors

What about those man&#39;s

Lies shah rukh wasn’t having an affair

Play the video at 1.25x ....trust me

People use to say that everyone is equal man and women but when it comes to affair only women is responsible not a man who cheated his wife...

why dharmendra converted to muslim,?whats the necessity  every body knows Hema malini is Brahmin

even a little
What kind of language this site is spreading? &quot;Marriage breakers&quot;!!?? and married couples are blameless?? Means the marriage is the standard card which provides blameless spot no matter whatever you do after that.

Well.. it&#39;s so sad if you are promoting rumours.. kindly be careful. Don&#39;t hurt anyone.. i also make videos but be careful..

Why can&#39;t it be the other way round ?

OMG are they idiots I wish these days actor&#39;s and actresses won&#39;t do it.

Why they are not blaming the men as they were already married then also they wanted new wife

Thnx video

Why call a women Marriage breaker...its a man who betrayed..so he shall get punished..but ppl always blame a women..which is very easy ..

South indian actresses ne zyada todi hai couples
Wrong news

Yieekk.. narrator sound like. Her man got stolen by one of this heroines... .. .... Can understand y u blame only heroines....

Blame... is on all three parties but how many times has a single man gone after a married women and that ended in a divorce So I rest my case most of t he blame is for a women to consciously taking a father away from his children more than the wife ... you can fall in love with a married man as love has no boundaries BUT if you truly love a married person ! You would show him or her the right path... imagine the burden these women marriage breakers must carry 

Very wrong ... U cant blame one person

Facts are all not in place.... check up... before

So what about SRK affair with Kajol? Why don&#39;t you talk about this one? No one can hide this affair.

be so good to your partner that he cannot leave you beb.

No one blame the man

Channel&#39;s name is Smoky. I wonder what the narrator smoked!!!

The title should be disgrace of society maybe ? Anyway, there is always consequence/s for each action ...

Amitabh Bachan what a b

Kriti is not a marriage breaker u stupid 

<a href="">2:01</a> Y&#39;all need to stop!!!  Don&#39;t hate Priyanka because she is beautiful.   <a href="">2:15</a> Thanks to that Nick Jonas is her husband.  Can you say Quantico and Baywatch?

I hate kangana...such a disgusting woman

All these men are rich . It is not love it just love for money . And for men it is thier beauty

Smoky evening you are the biggest shame of the decade

Paagal video making wwaali
Some of these are not true... Don&#39;t just try and defame them.

Y kirti sanons picture is der on clip

This is just so one sided and absurd.

Everone is right that men should also  b blamed... but wohi bat..mard mard hota hai jb k aurto ko sochna chaiye ye bagriti ghatiya harkat krny sy phely

It&#39;s true a women should know pain of other women. They should keep a distance from such sick man.  Some Man are dog.

Nothing different then Hollywood one very big  Bordello and this mans are nothing worth !!!!

Pulkit ka tw ilaj kea salman ne or yamni k affairs bar bar married admiyo sath he atay hain

Second hand aurtoo ko hmesha second hand mard e pasand atay hai yar unki families dekho bachy dekho bdme apny bacho ki umar walo se shadi kr k beth jaty hn

. these Bollywood people have many affairs.. besides this also.. and y you blaming only women..men r equally responsible for this... our poor society ..

I thought you wont mention Sri Devi

This is how you become famous in Bollywood. Go after a famous actors then you will be famous

When man have more money Wife&#39;s feeling unsafe

Plz speak in hindi
That&#39;s why i don&#39;t like bollywood stars

Priyanka got jackpot the young Jonas I diddt know she home breaker

Don&#39;t believe it PC she&#39;s miss world

Let&#39;s title this &#39;women who exposed cheating, horrible husbands to their wives&#39;It&#39;s sad to see some of the wives still stuck to those men, instead of divorcing them.

Extramarital affair is normal one. I am laughing at my fellow who were treated these celebrity asses equal to God.. Way to go india

If Kriti Sanon is not in the list then why you added her on the video display picture...well I always knew that she will never cheat aur hurt anybody or never break anybody&#39;s marriage cuz I believe her but still... Either deepika hasn&#39;t done anything then why her??

GUYS THESE NEWS ARE FAKE!!!!!Okay I understand some may be true but, not all Maybe only 1 or 2

So literally every famous Bollywood actress! Yeah two people involved in that act not one, but first of all no decent person thinks of getting close to a married person man or woman let  alone repeating this decent act! doesn&#39;t matter if they are selfmade or not! It&#39;s Like cause shahrukh khan is self made star so it&#39;s ok if he goes sleep with every married woman in the industry! They got attracted to him not his fault. Their husbands shouldn&#39;t be angry at him, only their own partner should be blamed also being a self made star he shouldn&#39;t be call marriage beaker!!! what a stupid claim is that?! if someone now have an affair with nick jonas I guess priyanka Chopra wouldn&#39;t mind it! secondly when you don&#39;t spare your own kind how can you talk about women empowerment, Femenism, Asking men to see you equal while sneak into another women&#39;s life and destroying it like a dirty rat. Befor a unfaithful husband cheating on his wife, it&#39;s a woman cheating on another woman. Then they become some simple girls role model!

Bollywood actress these days are far better than their seniors except few . Deepika and anushka wow u guys are an example

Kangana .... Worst actress
kareena kapoor is also in this list

Kangana is a slut!!!!

Kajol is much mote beautiful than Kangana besides of being a gteat actress!!

New indian song chunty sounds

hey! his name is pulkit samarat not pulkit sharma

I hate kanngana I am not trying to be mean

Shut up! Men wreaked their own homes! Stop blaming women for all the nonsense that men do.

Must be made by a man

It&#39;s not fair to blammed actress only. These actors were happily married, as their women are old because of baby they are waiting for fresh chick. How can they forget their kids and wife and easily divorce them and marry to new girl. Actress always searching for well sattled person in their life but it is also in the man&#39;s hand to choose them or leave them if they were married.

Such boring voice
I would only blame the weak men.

It&#39;s not fair to only blame actresses cz they cheat with an ACTOR

And all these women talk about women empowerment and s**t but do deeds to bring other women down.

whoever has got a cell-phone can make an income online with just Google without gaps <b>Get Pa idHom e .com</b>

That Pulkit Samrat is not Pulkit Sharma.
This sounded so gross to me.... Are men any toys that women take away.... They are human beings and have brains of their own....

Listen at 1.5 speedThank me later
Sarey galti sirf larki logon ki Hain? Married men are good?

Where do you get the voiceover from?
True love of Kajol Devgan and twinkle Khanna still exists... 

Gatiya urta
Hritik had affairs much before!
Why you attached deepika&#39;s photo...to get more views????

Hamare Hero bache the kya jo heroine pas ayi aur wife ko divorce de diya...kuch bhi bkwas.....

The videos just end abruptly. I am confused if there&#39;s a cliff hanger or the person making the video is bored enough to not properly end the video. The narration suck! Do a better job if you want viewers.

Where is kriti sanon, my favourite

Film industry me logo ka character hi loose hota hai

A real woman will never break other home to built  her own home Remember that

Oh kangana...why are you doing this

The men are equally to be blamed.

In Bollywood everyone sleeps with whose of whose ..

Or kuch hai jo apko bollywood ke bare me and unke actors ke bare me destroy karna hai

It&#39;s obvious, these women are so beautiful 

What is this drama, why are you showing Deepika in the poster, why are you mentioning her in the video...... You are using Deepika's name for publicity...... Shame on you.
Please don&#39;t use women who are not guilty of having affairs with married men in your thumbnail. Yes, they are famous and popular and will bring views, but some people don&#39;t watch the video. They see the title and the pictures and gives a false impression of these actresses. There are more than enough actresses to choose from who have actually been marriage breakers.

Kajol is prettier than kangna, crazy ajay.

<a href="">3:23</a> “ Aditya Chopra divorced her sweat heart...” 

Pathetic video, your video says mistake was from women side.... R they all mens are small kids or what... They didn&#39;t had mind to use what they were doing...

The way she&#39;s narrating 
Arey bodyguard, tell me what affair are you maintaining?
Even the men who went after these actresses are equally to be blamed

I want to say that married are not a joke. Okay.

Lool wow the men just stood there didnt they they didnt do anything it&#39;s always the women  hahahah men need to keep there dicks in there pants full stop.

I just feel .....these men were kid&#39;s or what ???????? All the time they saying these women entered their marraige ????? 

Heroine divorce master
What nonsense

Kanganaaaaa...
Back then shilpa and ravina blamed akshay but did the same thing to others..Bravo! 

Such a cheap video to be just saying its all the females who r marriage breakers!!! This female who is talkin on thie video shud be ashamed of herself!! As if all these 10 men all had their dicks hidden in their pants n all these women only wanted those dicks out of the pants!!!

Sap's sap is a thief
Irritating voice
Why the heck are they blaming only the women?

I like the way you start  without a ad of your chanel ...

Kinda disappointed in sharukhan. 

Bye bolaaychi pahat nhi ka
Blam boys too

Wow! Blame only women because men are saints right? Such a sick video. You should be ashamed AF to even make such a video.

Where is Kareena Kapoor in this she is also a marriage breaker

Pleaz Do not blamed anybody specially to Woman because man also doing that mistake

Of course! Only women are responsible for an affair ryt!  Should be ashamed of making such videos... Do you also get off by saying Rapes are nothing but hard to get roleplays??

There is both of mistake.not only girl is responsible for this.

What about bipasha basu

Dharmendra never divorced his first wife!

depika should be on top

So it&#39;s all the womens fault??  Did these men forget they&#39;re married?

Shame on you india

Are you the  one who fixed them? I mean u know everything very well!!

why u speak so lazily?feel sleepy!
Why they gave Kriti Sanon&#39;s photo as cover ?????

I dont understand how can you blame the 3rd person when your own partner was equally involved in the affair? If your partner is strong, loyal &amp; honest nobody can enter between you both.

Cheating husband

So all these big ladies of Bollywood are notorious marriage breakers....ok

I hate this kind of woman’s they don’t have self respect

When a Marriage/ relationship is broken, there are 2 people and not just the girl. If these men truly loved and respected their wives, they wouldn’t care about any other woman. So this video is extremely sexist and very disrespectful, more over, quite fucked.

Agar Salman blames me for not promoting my film Bala with Ayushman a few days ago.Fake news
Sridevi hema all bitch

Bitch rani mukherji, my
How bad that bitch kangana is especially ruining Ajay kajol life the best couple. Bitch priyanka.

Prunka chpra is a mrige broker

You should add bipasha basu too, because karan singh grover left jennifer winget for her

Why kriti

Omg, marriage breakers?  It&#39;s a very strong statement to use just for rumors

that why i love u kangana

Mujhe tajubh yeh news dekhkar sorry for my poor Hindi ... jurnalist ek aurat hai and ek aurat hokar  dusri auratko blem lagarahi hai ...u mean to say woh log ke divorce huwa coz of those woman&#39;s?? Woh men ke galti nahi that?? Tali dono haat see bachte hai aur not only aurat not only mard ...dono man n woman ke bars bar galti hai

What&#39;s with ur dragged accent ???

Nobody told me that Kiran Rao is an actress ! 

I don&#39;t like YAmi Gautam

In ladkiyo ko budhe hi milte he or vo bhi shadi shuda budhe ... Or bat krti he equality ki and im proud of priyanka chopra ... Usne apne se chote or sundar ldke se sadi ki jesa ki har mard krta he priyanka ne takkar ki thats called equality

Omg such a lie... even Amir Khan given clear  statement that he  after get divorced with his   first wife he was in depression  for 2 years  after some years he  met kiran rao and married... but media is telling kiran Rao is a marriage  broker... atleast put some interesting facts or believable things..... all lines are like old 90&#39;s grandmother aunties talks

Oh so those men did not cheat on their women huh ? Stop being stupid and regressive every affair has 2 sides blaming everything on the women is wrong and it makes you look stupid

You can&#39;t blame women for breaking marriages!!!! The men have a mind of their own their not babies they know pretty well what they are doing! Obviously if a man leaves his first wife it shows he didn&#39;t love or care for her.

Where is Kareena ?

You can’t disorderly priyanka career because she the queen of Bollywood

Why you have paste kriti&#39;s picture in wall paper stupid

How about changing the title &quot; married man who cheated on their wife&quot;

Why Kareena Kapoor is absent there?

Aditya chopra divorce her sweetheart
OMG !!! I am literally suffocated listening to the  narrator&#39;s voice

It’s funny how they view the women as the marriage breakers. But what about the men. It’s usually the men who can’t keep their passionate and lustful eyes away. Both parties are at fault. If your married you should know where and how to draw the line. If your single you should have some basic standards and that starts with not even considering someone who is taken in any form.

This video and the narrator are dumb

Well, never knew that Kangana have dated married men before Hrithik .

WTF. Always blaming the women. U need two hands to clap not just one. The men wanted to have affairs with those women . Nobody forced them, they should have thought of their wives and kids before having extra marital. So they are equally guilty. Stop blaming only women.

What is the need to get close to a married man or have a relationship with him? Stay away from such men.
Wtf lol

kannganna to gold digger nikli

What ajay devgan cheated kajol??? 

Y u r blaming d actresses, dn d guys have dis much sense to not to cheat on der wife

The biggest enemy of a womanIs a another woman

It could be the other way round 

That&#39;s pulkit samrath not sharma

Who remind de de peyar de movie after seeing ajay&#39;s affair with kangna 

Y deepika and kirti in thumbnail??

Half of these stories are over exaggerated.

Plzz support me i am new youtuber can i get few subscribers
Why does the narrator sound so haunted or depressed like one of these heroines stole her man?

Married men going after someone
Why she is talking like this !!

The girl just said adithya chopra divorced &quot;her&quot; dude first correct ur grammar

Have you seen these logo tunes?
Everyone pls dislike
What nonsense , tagging woman with such labels?

toh kriti ko dikhaya aapne plzz dont do dizz
Garbage Bollywood

These men&#39;s are so innocent right?Poor innocent soul dragged into an affair kuch?

Sorry but ur narration is quite boring....
The way you talk 

Shame on u miss/mrs who is narrating this video. Being woman ,u r The enemy to womanhood, who blames own kind for somebody’s fault , n u misinform ppl creating such contents just to earn livelihood

Do playback speed 1.25 and thank me later.

Stop calling women marriage breakers..It is the responsibility of the couple to sustain the marriage.The men were the ones who broke the trust of their wives so they are the real marriage breaker of their own marriage..

Why always a woman is blamed for broken marriages, breakups etc. Why not the MEN. 

So yamla pagla deewana was a true story

This shows how unprofessional Bollywood actors are for actresses

Boring voice
This is a very stupid and biased video so women are marriage breakers because men cheat on their wives???

What is my work in Bollywood and
Second marraige ka easy tareeka ka Muslim bano

Wow you are really slow I feel like sleeping can you be atleast a little more enthusiastic

How pathetic is this video. These men fucked these women and they were married. Marriage calls for loyalty. If these women cheated on their husbands their husbands would have divorced them and tried to ruin them. But this if life. The press either blames the wife or the woman who is accused of cheating. Keep it in your pants men.

Shitty Dumb video.. that too from a girl and her terrible narration. Ranting about how women were the reason of marriages spiraling down. Both the parties are a mess here

Then why are you kept kiriti and Deepika thumb nails

I hate kangana ranaut 
Are pulkit samrat he sharma 
Play in speed 1.25 Thank me later

Watch video in 1.25x speed

Listen at 1.25x speed  bcz it sounds little normal to me 

why did men agreed for affaire..?dosh to hamesha ladkioki hoti hai na..!mens are..

Aamir had not even met Kirin when he and his wife divorced. It&#39;s Pulkit Samrat not Sharma.

blame men too they should also be blamed

Please grow up!!!

Bro Kangana is a h*e

I don&#39;t think Priyanka married Nick for money and fame as she is wealthy and famous herself

GO LADIES BREAK. MORE MARRIAGES..HIGH 5 TO YOU ALL...U ALL ARE. REAL WOMENS..THIS LADY WHO THINK SHE CAN TALK LIKE AMERICAN REPORTER IS A DAMM JEALOUS LADY SEEMS LIKE..BECAUSE SHE CANNOT DO WHAT YOU ALL CAN DO..N NEITHER CAN SPEAK GOOD ENGLISH...COMMON REPORTER UR MARRIAGE WAS BROKEN ALSO...GO DO SOME ABOUT THAT...

Where is bipasha basu??!??She broke Jennifer winget and ksg happy married life

Matlab kuch bhi haan….Kisiko kui itna badnam karna….Bohat kharb bate boli he is in the video Who are you to judge whom?
Why Deepika Padukone &amp; Kriti Sanon&#39;s picture on thumbnail???

Wtf is wrong with ur voice???

Excuse me those men weren&#39;t kid u can&#39;t clap alone so stop such gossips for views....

Title the video cheaters instead of marriage breakers you dumbfuck. It was not the girl who broke Marriage, it&#39;s the guys who cheated

The men are equally to blame if anything they are even worse because they made a promise to their wives to be faithful till death.

No such thing as a marriage breaker. If an affair happens it&#39;s because the marriage is already weak and not working well.

They are living the characters that they portray to hate in their movies

Bollywood ille ithu jollywood

I wonder how these intelligent wives controlled the pathetic situation and successfully saved thier marital life...

Married man are not happy with own wife

The men are not so innocent .they are at fault too

In the movies they preach something else ... they all cheaters in real life...

Why every where the people are not blaming the respective husbands..Tali eak haat se nehi bajti

Shame on you guys for blaming only women for extra marital affairs. Wht abt the men. Why women have to hear all the nonsense

Married men going with some one else... It&#39;s like &quot;&quot;dal chodkar chicken tandoori ki taraf&quot;&quot;

Kangna's real marriage is like sugarcane Naughty woman.
Background Voice  is slow nd dragging

Horrible narration
Get a life, instead of hashing rehashing same old, same old stories

Hahaha, feminist r feeling butt hurt after seeing this video. Lol these actresses r bitches

U r 1 of them i think 

change the title or we will mass report your video

But Kangana digged too much even peeceee
This title should be renamed and you should blame all this men equally

Your way of talking Is like primary kid are telling story

Whores n bollywood n play boys n grandpa

miss anti nepotism is a bloody insecure jerk.

This is a rubbish video! Only rumours!

kangana ranaut and aditya pancholi nonsense
Why u guys also blemed a women ? They both engage that relationship right.

Please speak little faster. Your voice is so flat and boring

You always blame the women. Both are in the wrong and the men were married. They choose to break their vows.

You should be ashamed that you are so regressive and calling these successful self made women marriage breakers. When male actors re-marry, that is ok. But females are posed as marriage breakers.

Someone tell this woman to narrate with a Lil enthusiasm . I feel like sleeping.  

Why the women are blamed as marriage breakers?  Isn&#39;t the men responsible, as they were already in a relationship??? And then you say our Indian is progressing!!! These channels should be banned in my view!!!

What about kriti sanon

So No one is talking about these married men having extra marital affairs and cheating on their wives?

How dare you mention my priyanka!???
How can you call them marriage breaker!?Do you have a brain!?

The men are to be blamed equally.

PRIAYANKA IS ONE OF THE WORST PERSON

Rekha never tried to be close with amitibh

Why blaming the women? It is the men who are supposedly in a committed relationship. Shame that the video voice over was done by another woman. Countries who suppress their women or treat them any less than their men are still the 3rd world countries.

Do not blame to the  actresses only the Male star was also involved   in it.

Gold diggar don&#39;t know married or single. They just money
All of you guys are right, the affairs are form both sides, but it’s the fact that a woman would go out with a married man when she would know what it feels like when one betrayed and disloyal .Yet still yes the affair is Both the mans and women’s fault but it could have been prevented if actresses stopped and denied the men knowing they were married

Most of these big names in Bollywood at the start were just lost pendus and now they think their something big. Don’t like saying this but in real their just cheapsters

These girls in real are cheap sluts. U can’t polish a turd with money and fame

Look guys we can not clap with 1 hand we need to clap with 2 hand yh I&#39;m sure u understand what I mean

The men involved are equally or more responsible for breaking their own marriages.... it was their own marriages that were getting broken not the heroines, they should have been more responsible..... please make men responsible for the choices....as much as these heroines were responsible for theirs

Being a woman should understand another woman,s feeling.

Can you guys please find something better than this topic

They didn&#39;t go well together . Shit happens

The title should be married men going after some one else

Is this true?

Absolutely rubbish.

Not good

Priyanka and SRK one actually hurt me.

Where is dipika, kriti??..Jo thumbnail pe tha.

No one blames the man  good yhi umeed h sabse

Wow every body sleep with everybody,I know HIV running around all over the place,it time to check up?

I Hate Home Breakers.

Kuttiya h sb ki sb
Hrithik Roshan did not have an affair with Kangana.  She was stalking him. She has been Lying about this for years to get free publicity for her films. She has never had any proof of a relationship with him.

“married men” going after other women.

Hrithik is again back with his wife suzzain

These affairs are not one sided. These men are also equally to be blamed.

Where is Kareena Kapoor ?
Where is kareena kapoor

Inke betiyo ke life me other women aaye then they will understand the painful entry of other women in life

Kangana ko first hand fresh husband mile

Most Bollywood actress are Marries breaker I don’t know can find someone single

I just don’t understand why people get involved with married men

Cheap to go for married mans

So stars are just like normal people nothing special

There should be social boycott of every characterless person, who has broken someone's house. But here in our society, such actresses give unnecessary publicity and become fans, it is a different thing to enter the house after marrying someone and breaking someone's house. Breaking the door and entering is a different thing. And yes, Hema Malini also committed the same sin, it is wrong in every way and a great sin too. 🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
