Nice information

Lovely information, Its good to spread such nice information.. many people dont know many things about bollywood and hollywood, many other big such ideas!! Actually I love the pair of these all siblings of star Kids...! Good work!‍

Khushi has no Interest in Bollywood, kuch bhi.....She has already signed a Dharma film

Sheen khushi s
l love ananya and aahana ️️️️️. Tiger and Krishna 
I am praying all the time that i want to become kartik aaryan sister

I want to become kartik aaryan sister

Where is Aarav Kumar
More nepotism 
I love ananya pandey and her sisters and brother.

I hate all star kids specially Ananya Pandey bcz she don&#39;t know anything about acting

Very nice video and information

Most are about Alia - My Love..
My name is also navya

I would love to be ananya,tiger,alia,varun,shraddha,varun and Kristin&#39;s friends but not sisters or brothers

Sara Ali Khan and Ibrahim Ali Khan like
Aryan khan
We know pooja bhatt my mom tell me about her he has came in many hit films  like sadak

cutieeeeeeee bro and sister couples

I will love to be Tiger shroff sister 
Thanks for the nice information.........

No Alana is not SRK&#39;s daughter best friend,Ananya is best friend of  Suhana Khan.True information.

Joke

Madhar caste cannot speak Hindi
Omfg this lady voice is so annoying

Aliya tell me how many mummy  and daddy  do you have

Thx for such information

What is so secret? They are literally taking pictures in public in front of media.

Ooh Alanna is lakh better than ananya

Good And Informative Video !!!

What is shocking in this???

I am shock ,
This is false news ....

what a shock my name is also Sana

You idiot, you dog, you are doing clickbait.
Ara o bhopu saale thumbnail change karrr .
Sangram sir is the brother of aananya pande nice joke 

Sangram Sir's photo with Ananya Good Job youtuber
Stop giving inform ation

There’s nothing secret about it

Wow so shocking &quot;secret&quot; 

Chunky Paday's ghost is overturned
Is this secret??????

Nice

You should not mention Pooja bhatt

Nice information  about Bollywood
How cuteeey-pieeess..!!!!

I disliked bcoz of wrong thumbnail

the spelling of pandey was  wrong

Sunil Shetty ke beta dhakad hai ,badass look hai

Brother, think a little before posting the thumbnail.
Nothing is shocking in this okk

Follow me on my Instagram I&#39;d vaibhavthakkar6308

first dislike
Pooja bhatt part is wrong she is well known and was an actor

Why the hell u r giving wrong thumbnail

No matter how big a star kit or no matter how big an acting family belongs to, but before 2030, the first actor is the one who will only rule in Bollywood and his name is RK.

Whoah
First like

First commenter
