skcreech sound is so scary

And the voices in the background are so chill like it&#39;s every other Thursday...

All Japanese buildings are dancing, but none collapsed. That&#39;s superb engineering.

Wow. 9.1 earthquake and the buildings are still standing!

I used to teach English on the 53 floor of the Shinjuku Center Building. Luckily I never felt a quake while I was up there. I can&#39;t imagine what it would be like to be in one of those elevators swinging back and forth.

Hi, I work for Ciaopeople, the Italian publisher of Geopop (<a href=""> I&#39;m writing in reference to this video. I’m the head of visual storytelling and I would achieve a videostory (for our Facebook, Instagram and Youtube channels) about Japan as an example to follow for earthquake prevention. That’s why I’m asking your permission to use your some parts of your video, crediting you. Let me know as soon as possible. Thanks in advance.

what an ugly building

This earth quake is happen at 8.00pm today

and the thing is....... this is Japan.

<b><i>uh oh, that’s not a good sign</i></b>

I would just likely spaz down stairs like there is no tmr.

they&#39;re groovin

They are soo happy because from earthquake

Fuck that

Hello,we are a TV documentary production company from Germany called ECO Media TV producing different documentaries for several German TV stations (ARD, ZDF, NDR, ARTE). Currently we are working on a project about earthquakes in metropolitan areas with a focus on Mexico City, Istanbul and Tokyo. The 52-minute-documentary is produced by us on behalf of the German TV station ARTE. During our research we came across your footage and were wondering if you are the copyright owner of this video. If so, we would like to ask if we will be allowed to use it in our upcoming project. If not we would be happy if you could refer us to the copyright owner.Your cooperation will be very much appreciated. Hope to hear from you.Best regards,Vegas von Vogelstein from the ECO Media TV Teamour website is: <a href=""> you can reply via email if you like: dokumentation@<a href="">ecomediatv.de</a>

Hi - Could you please contact me about this footage. Atelevision company is interested in featuring it in a programme. Manythanks  - filmfinder1@<a href="">gmail.com</a>

That looks so surreal and creepy... but good job engineers !!

Does this guy know how to spell Inglish

For a second I thought he fell out the building the way the camera panned down pretty quick. Lol.

???

hasta hai re harami ka pilla jb girega na building tb smjh me ayga

How is that possible, what kind of foundation do these sky scrapers have? Are they even grounded underneath at all?!?!

The buildings carried on swaying for an awful long time.

My arsehole  would be popping like a fizzy drink if I was up there

Soo scary. ...

This is not dancing rascal this is punishment of allah

Why is you just standing there???!!!

buildings standing on flimsy foundation, built on cheap materials looks like, talk about shitty engineering

In a Michael Bay film if there&#39;s a magnitude 6 earthquake the buildings would have just fell straight down like 9 fucking 11 before exploding

and every building stands even the small ones, no ruins....that&#39;s Japan...

I don&#39;t care how safe they are. If the building is moving I&#39;m getting the fuck out.

Earthquake? Back to your desk. Thanks japan.

Why do people build these ridiculous buildings? It probably takes twenty fucking minutes to ride the elevator to the top.

This is Nishi-Shinjuku shot from a high floor in the Shinjuku Center Building. The first building is the Nomura Building. The curvy shaped one immediately to its right is the Sompo Japan Building. Towards the end of the video you can see the i-Land Tower on the left. As many comments have pointed, these buildings are designed to sway in an earthquake.

The sound is horrifying

planet Japan

scary...

nice video title

when you watch too much juju on that beat dances

I feel horrible for the people in that building, it must&#39;ve been terrifying.

D:

I think California should take a lesson from this if they want to keep building higher and taller.

Is that Keio South Tower; sibling to Keio Plaza hotel? The original plaza hotel was the first high rise hotel in all of Japan, and was the tallest building in Shinjuku, and all of Japan, from 1971 until taller structures were built next to it by 1974.

this is the movement caused by the wind

The Malaysian skycraper (Twincle pencil) is best ingeneering.

creepy

That guy said &quot;awesome at the begginning&quot; XDD I would be crying

If you see a building swaying in an Earthquake, that&#39;s a good thing. It usually means that it&#39;s got some sort of anti-Earthquake foundation which causes it to move with the motion of the Earth instead of resisting it.

skyscrapers are designed to sway like that to prevent colapse

isn&#39;t it weird that that the building from which the video is being made isn&#39;t moving at all

it&#39;s cool

&quot;Earthquake makes skyscraper dancing.&quot; OoooKAY!

WOW! Dancing buildings during earthquake in <a href="">#japan</a><a href="">#ttb</a>

They are designed that way... most modern buildings in japan are on basically springs.. this is one of the side effects. better it sway than collapse...

dyrektor korporacji zalicza awans sekretarce

Giant spring mechanism make the buildings sway in an earthquake. It prevents the core structure from breaking apart - if it was fixed to the ground.

emergency parachutes in all buildings

&quot;I prayed on top off those eggs with my wooden box, eggshells and all:I was a sacrifice, so you have my eggs.&quot;-Bruno Mars, 1977, Kissing Eggshells

needs more jet fuel

Fuck. That. Shit.

why r u still there taking this video. run bitch run!!!!!

thats y we called it Japan

What?

LOOL lel lol LOLZ

Turkish and Japanese Earthquakes is same :D

Not fake buildings are designed to sway in earthquake region for safety instead of collapsing to forces, it has to be designed for maximum deformation before snapping off completely 

Hi did you get my message? Please can we use your video in an educational film for schools about tectonics for students studying physics? We can credit you and send you a copy of the DVD. Please let me know ASAP. Many thanks Alexis from Pumpkin Interactive. 

...and in those towers, many, many pants were shat that day...

Cool! But how the buildings will be able jiggle?

Why do so many people wear them dust masks in Japan?! 

WOW that´s so incredible the Japanese are the bests engineers thank you for sharing.

Nevermind :):)

I didn&#39;t see it move :(:( :(

they were actually designed to do that, based on the earthquakes, which is why they dont fall, look it up, its meant to do that 

As a Structural Engineer all buildings move when subjected to lateral loads like wind or earthquakes. You are actually much safer in a tall building than a short 4 or 5 story building. A 4 to 5 story is more likely to fall than a tall building because of harmonic resonance with the earthquake. It also depends greatly on the supporting foundation material.

And also the buildings are not sexy in California because they are not advance at earthquake engineering

Those buildings look so sexy

I would shart in my pants! 

Impressionante

it shows that the people who make these are as lazy as

Play it in 2x speed, woooow

θαυμαζω την φοβερη αρχιτεκτονικη τους.!

for japan it just normal

Can someone explain to me why this is more advanced than building in the US? Would it be worse if the buildings remained stationary after an earthquake? I would think maybe this would be better to absorb shock... but not sure exactly.

WELCOME TO FUTURE..JAPAN 2020..

Oh my god.. they&#39;re alive !!

In the U.S. buildings are not built this advanced, even in California

extraordinary civil engineering. Only the Japanese

I would be a little... unnerved.

So cool, leave it to the Japanese man, they will accomplish it. Its like engineering runs in their blood. 

never going there now lol

I don&#39;t care how earthquake proof those buildings are, I would&#39;ve fly downstairs like there was no tomorrow

Nowdays thats why they make the skycrapers....so if an earthquake happends they just flex and they dont get destroyd and fall apart...

holy shit

They are designed to flex, keeps them from crumbling.

Your just shaking the camera

those guys are laughing, mkay. Japanese sens of humour, I guess!

im sure it is but i bet that being inside that building while is swaying is scary as fuck!

the sky scrapers are gonna fall i mean look at then doing the side to side dance

This is engineering, architecture and science at work.  Unlike idiot Americans, the Japanese invest in things not related to stupid shit like jesus and trillion dollar tax breaks to churches.  Notice, people here aren&#39;t screaming out &#39;to god&#39; or other non-sense.  They have technology on their side.  Right on Japan!  Right on.

filming earthquake at 50th floor laughing at the same time? steel balls

Not ALL. Only skyscrapers engineered to take earthquakes because they are in earthquake prone areas. A skyscraper in New York won&#39;t withstand an earthquake like say a Seattle skyscraper would due to the fact that it wasn&#39;t made to withstand one, &#39;cause it&#39;s not an earthquake prone area.

Off yourself.

I would have dropped a deuce right then and there...

swag, not sway.

ALL skyscrapers taller than 100m can withstand such force even the airplane impacts, WTC can withstand those but unfortunately there were PURPOSELY blown by the government itself.



All top building designer or architect should know that, unless they got paid millions to spread bullshit in history channel.

I think I misunderstood your comment, I thought you were saying that apart from Japan only UK buildings can withstand earthquakes on a 10.0. So nevermind

earthquake in UK, bitch please

Don&#39;t be so cocky. Most countries have accepted this kind of earthquake engineering for any of their newer sky scrapers. Using the same techniques as the Japanese and apparently the UK brings the same ability to stand against earthquakes as the Japanese and the UK. 

Ohh fuck

Good, if it didn&#39;t sway, the pressure and tension would cause havoc upon the structure.

What if the whole tsunami was hidden-Godzilla attack?

In America they try to make construction as cheap as possible, like drywall and steel columns now reinforced with concrete, you really don&#39;t need to make buildings super strong, but in some countries like Japan they have because of earthquakes.

Bands make em dance

скрип, как в подводной лодке в &quot;Down Periscope&quot;

The building is base isolated

it is designed to do that....however it is NOT the building the camera is pointing at that it is swaying it is the one the cameraman is IN!

Ахиреть.

The design actually comes from how they built pagodas.

Rather than having a central pillar set into the ground, it&#39;s instead left free-standing from the first floor to the top -- subsequent floors aren&#39;t directly attached to it, but rather just have a hole cut out around and &quot;lean&quot; against it.

These skyscrapers generally have about 4 such pillars -- the pillars stand still, while the floors are free to move side to side and absorb the energy w/o falling.

That is crazy thank you for the info

lol, if you haven&#39;t already realised the three towers that went down from 911 weren&#39;t because of planes. Physicists and architects proved it to be impossible to fall at zero resistance without some &quot;help&quot;. You obviously don&#39;t know what really happened apart from what the media has told you. Those buildings were well constructed and could withhold many planes. I&#39;ll leave it at that. Do, your, research.  

and just like that, they were taping!! I would sh*** myself!!!

I know there designed to do that, but its gotta do some sort of damage to the structure. Any idea?

excellent

If I was in the top of that building, and it swaying like that, the building wouldn&#39;t have to fall to kill me. I&#39;d die of a heart attack. 8(

Slide to the left. Slide to the right. Now bring it back now y&#39;all.

Holy shizz!! Would not be on that crap!

now do the harlem shake

OH HELL NO BITCH IM OUT LOL

Actually, the earthquake suspension system for buildings are western engineering.

To the left to the left

I loved Japan since I found ULTRAMAN / Johny Soko as a child.

that is some amazing work of engineering

the japanese are amazing people

looks fun

Japanese engineering at its finest :)

Hatalmas kőbogyókon állnak az épületek, náluk nem is fog romba dőlni semmi! 

holy shit the creeking sound makes that much creepier.. 

engineering at its best

For some reason, watching those buildings sway, I kept expecting the buildings to bust out Transformer style.  LOL.  Too much Hollywood.  That is some pretty amazing construction.  Impressive.



i would be like....ill be on the pot....

Apparently many buildings in Japan are built atop shock absorbers that move with the quake, therefore lessening the structural damage to the building itself. Of course that means an increased chance of shit flying everywhere inside the building, but that&#39;s better than the thing coming down.

popo time

well nice toknow that we have have good buildings and this is true 

Its supposed to do that: sway.

Thats a good building

Your dumb

Mother of god...

if i was in that tower i would be in the fetal position crying like a baby

just asian.

I spent the next three nights on the 10th floor of a hotel that did the rock n roll with every aftershock. I was up north and had the choice of staying inside and risk dying in a collapse or staying outside and dying from hypothermia in the snow. At the end of the day I was one of the lucky ones, severely inconvenienced but unhurt and with a home to come back to.

Actually all you need to do is look into the design of the WTT&#39;s and you will be nearly immediately surprised that the engineers and architects actually designed both towers to be fully capable of standing impact from multiple commercial airliners...each. 

these buildings arent on fire with more than half of the structural supports destroyed in the middle either....



what if i were in that building!

them springs are holding up &amp; doing there job quiet well!

Good thing they make em with some flex nowadays

holy shit

Yup, the &quot;911&quot; or colloquially referred to world trade center buildings 1 and 2. was designed to withstand an impact from a low speed 707.  This ultimately failed to a heavier 767 with large fuel amounts available.  Plus, could you trust engineering from the late 60s?

S  U  G  O  I  I  I  

I wonder why you picked UK as an example and your obvious hate...



pretty much apart from Japan, no other skyscrapers in other country can withstand powerful earthquake up to scale of 10.0 

Not the 911 one.

What about Los Angeles.



is japanese...



So there is no mass damper then?



y thats crazy 

It&#39;s actually not! Lots of buildings in Japan are designed like this. Instead of fighting the earthquakes, making the buildings fall over, they swayed with them, causing less damage.

Did you take this video or do you have the rights? If so please contact me asap viola@gps.caltech.edu

WTC 1/2 were almost bunkers, able to withstand more than 3/4 planes the Architect told media, but the mainstream media and broadcasting channels and newschannels off course tell us the lies, so many won&#39;t know the truth.

I live in Costa Rica. Our country frequently has earthquakes. Not long ago we had a 7.6 earthquake and only 2 people died and 4 houses were completely damaged. Although we may not have cool tech like they do in Japan, our buildings are made to survive these kinds of earthquakes. Every single house and building here can survive them because they are made to move or &quot;dance&quot; like the ones in your video. It&#39;s not a huge deal.

wow, tech these days

fuck. that.

not in america are they built like this and where i live brisbane weve never as far as i know have never had even a tremor if we had an earthquake WIDESCALE DESTRUCTION look what our inland tsunami did

1 Question, why the cameramen still focus &amp; not shaky?

これも初見だ、凄い！

Shows you how bullshit the 9/11 official explanation is, especially of WTC7. It&#39;s actually very difficult to demolish a high rise. They are built many times stronger than they need to be.

I don&#39;t care. Can I go to Tokyo? Please? Tokyo is an awesome drug. &lt;3



Fuck that lol

Those buildings was built more than 30 years ago.

Id be pissing my pants xD



if we built like japan 11 years ago......9/11 wouldn&#39;t be as bad!

the building should of done party rock

Shuffle building dance !!!



Shhhh...WE SHALL DANCE!!

I would shit myself.

If the earthquake happened in Beijing China, most of skyscrapers would collapse.

Watching those buildings swaying like that is making me seasick.

these structures were built to resist earthquake shocks. I dont think any structure in the world is built to resist airlines crashing into them. Dont be so hard on yourself :)

So please explain the fall of building Nr. 7! No plane hit it, no &quot;terrorists&quot; touched it.

Only one (real) Terrorist said &quot;Pull it!&quot;, and so we watched the building collapse.



Stupid comment. I guarantee you that if a 737 filled with fuel hit that building it&#39;s coming down. The failure of the WTF buildings had to do with load loss due to heat from steal melting. But it&#39;s a dumb argument because buildings are usually designed based on their location and not terrorist attacks.

theres a difference between a building collapsing to an earthquake and one to a explosion and melting of steel beams that causes one to collapse.

I wulda been up and out

Se esse terremoto fosse aqui no Brasil, os ladrões iriam entrar nas casas vazias e roubar tudo que pudessem carregar...   as pessoas desesperadas nas ruas, seriam assaltadas.  No Brasil, quando há calamidades, como sêca, cheias de rios, enchentes, incêndios e queimadas florestais, os ladrões deitam e rolam, roubam tudo...  portanto estrangeiros, fiquem bem longe do Brasil, aqui é o país do mais ou menos, dos ladrões e da corrupção política e pública.  Na Copa do Mundo vocês verão !!!!!!!!!!!!

is there a punchline?

Something called engineering and economic demand dared them to do it.

lived in japan for 4 years and the engineering is unbelievable. amazing work they create and do. they actually think instead of worrying how it looks. arigato



Omg, why would you even dare build that high in an earthquake zone??

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhggghhhhhhhhhh

That scares the hell out of me. I already have a problem with heights, this, I&#39;ll run downstairs to the exit.

one word: MadeInJapan

The earth is moving, the only way to make the building not fall, is to make it go the opposite direction from the earth&#39;s movement, but it would be scary. No joke!

Very sturdy architecture. The contractor did his job.

the guy at the top &#39;I hate my Job&#39;.

If I was in one of those buildings, I would be so scared for my life. I&#39;m already afraid of heights. That would just make it ten times worse. 

YEE RECTEN A DISPENSER!!! Wait a minute... SPY SAPPING MY SENTRY!

this is being taken to far

and i was being informative ;)

Ooookay... that is creepy!

fucccckkkkkkkkk this is scaryyy shitt

hauhauahuah , same thing came tru my head lol



That would be freaky and totally scare me to death. 

seriously... FUCK that , i would be dwn the stairs so fast the quake would of still been going

Nope.  Rollers, basically.  The whole building is designed to shift around on a complex roller mechanism that permits movement in any direction, including circular motions.  The building itself is also built to be flexible, to absorb the energy into motion rather than coming apart.  Japan is really good at this, since they are a modern nation with a a major earthquake risk.  The US is, too, in places like California.

0:46 EVERYBODY DANCE NOW! 



o_o 

look at the sign on the other building lol it&#39;s going back and forth as well.

was just about to put that down, but NOPE its allready a top comment lol.

that is FUCKIN crazy

soo they put hydraulics under the building?

If you feel safe, an earthquake gives quite an adrenaline rush

oh shit, Oh Shit, HOLY F*CKIN SHIT!

They&#39;re supposed to sway, like trees in the wind. That which is flexible is more likely to survive

Oh no...pooped again!

well said. There&#39;s nothing that upsets me more, in a case like this, than people saying &quot;thank god we&#39;re alive&quot;.  Lets put it simple: &quot;god, if you believe in him, is the one behind the earthquake and the engineers are the ones behind the skyscrapers not collapsing&quot; so if you&#39;ve to thank someone just be careful enough to thank the right guys. 

OMG!!!!#$@

hats off to the engineers. the buildings in l.a are like that too. it supposed to sway or the building would crumble.

OH HELL NO! 

Город ходит ходуном. Я твой небоскреб дом шатал.

delightful... in a terrifying poop your drawers kind of way

Awesome and rare video! He thought to rest the camera against something or its on a tripod. That made all the difference.

its a testament to Japansese engineeering that tokyo was left standing

ofcorse. its supposed to sway, otherwise it will crumple

Japanese houses and buildings are the most sturdy and high quality in the world. Even wooden five story pagodas, which were made in several hundred years ago, survived in the big earthquake. Hence, the cameraman remains calm.

isnt their like spings on the bottom of the building and its heavy at the top so the building doesnt get destroyed they just have to repair the concrete 

ide have my gun in my hand, that way i can end it quick incase she went over

Some engineers say that a modern high rise is one of the best places to be in an earthquake. I believe it, not so much while the building is swaying, but before and after. lol

I would be flipping out.

dont think ill visit there now.

id love to be the first to base jump of a building during big earthquake.

what a builder name of this building

Earthquakes are very common in the land of the rising sun

Amazing! Good ol&#39; Japan I say

I call Dubai buildings rubble if an 8.9 earthquake hit.

I don&#39;t think the buildings are ugly.

FUCK THISS

they currently listening to lmfao

Actually, they were. 

Outstanding architecture

If it was Newyork it would be a RAVE.

WOW!!!!!

sugoi!

thanks!!

This is virtually a proof that in Japan the earth crust can quickly move laterally whole meters at once.. Three pieces of crusttectonics are permanently grinding towards each other there. If once hanging/sticking for a longer period a quake is becoming quickly imminent.

For however long the earthquake lasts, you moron.

does anyone know how long it takes for a building like that to stop swaying?

I hope the people how call smart people nerds and geeks and bully the smart ones to see this video that way they can see that they wsould thank &quot;geeks&quot; and &quot;nerds&quot; for saving their lives.... You&#39;re welcome

BWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUMMMMMMdodododododod ododododododdoddodododododododododododdodododoBWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMM

OMG dont know what the hekk i would do

I&#39;d shit my pants

That is amazing. Well done to the engineers. Science bitches...it works.

Very impressive earthquake engineering.



You can also hear their own building creaking.   Very good construction.



FTW!

All the moves like Jagger...I&#39;ve got the moves like Jagger...I&#39;ve got the moooooves like Jagger..  

XD los japoneses hacen todo bien ._. un terremoto así en chile (dios no quiera) hace desaparecer Sanhattan ._.

Sexy!

que feo se mueve :s

Unbelievable! It really is swaying back and forth

Ha, godzilla has no chance on knocking these buildings now! 

these buildings are built from bamboo, bamboo sway&#39;s back and fourth without breaking. So instead of steel buildings build with bamboo and it&#39;s cheaper too.  

if i had moves like that id be pulling all the women

That is really trippy

Holy crap! I can see swaying back and forth.. Man! Glad u guys doing ok.. It freaking scary this building..

Masterful engineering.

Engineering Level: Asian

Can these buildings collapse from such an earthquake? (just curious)

se colpiva la mia Italia...eravamo tutti da S.Pietro!

Most of you don&#39;t know what you are talking about. All of NYC&#39;s skyscrapers are built to resist a similar force generated by hurricanes. Essentially all of NYC&#39;s skyscrapers are earthquake proof because of this. They will survive an earthquake. However apartment buildings that are not reinforced will collapse during an earthquake.

If it was NY buildings would be toppling over. or free falling because of fires

okay, never going to Japan.  It is impressive Engineering, though!

Highrise engineering FTW! If an earthquake hit NYC, I wouldn&#39;t be worried so much about the skyscrapers. They&#39;re designed with that kind of event in mind, NYC has recorded earthquakes before, engineers know about it. I&#39;d be a lot more worried about all the older unreinforced brick and masonry structures that NYC has a lot of.

@hiashiro1 And New York IS a Big City.

amazing engineering

If I were on the top floor of one of those buildings I would be crying like a little girl and sucking my thumb......

i imagined myself on top of that red/white thing trying to increase the motion...

@AwesomeNstuff  I live in SA and we had 2 mini pussy earthquakes in the past 2 years nothing compared to other countries.

omfdgdfgsfd... geez that looks scary!@!@

Thats crazy.

seriously that shit is only possible in Japan..... nowhere else in the world.. if it was any other big cities, the buildings would never survive like that 

Engineering at its best =)

The last thing you should do is flee a building during an earthquake - you&#39;re more likely to get hit in the head/injured by falling brick or glass. Buildings are designed to sway during an earthquake to absorb the energy. Yay engineering! &lt;3

@xOxSweet238LipsxOx LMFAO 

DAYMN man.... how can a huge structure MOVE like that???





@hiashiro1 because new york is built on nothing but a land fill.

Those buildings should be on So You Think You Can Dance.

¡WOW!, que gran ingenieria la japonesa.... que horror haber estado en los ultimos pisos de estos edificios...



wow it&#39;s amazing that they are swaying like trees!

Those japanese sure know how to build o.O

its really amazing watching this, but evrytime i remember that experience, i feel the same dizziness i felt during that time.

I WOULD FREAK OUT!

Amazing engineering they are built to withstand that kind of shaking..

i would shit my pants



wow its amazing like its alliiive. :O

OMG that&#39;s scary

did you know?

20% of the most massive earthquakes hits Japan O.e

Luckily they have already invented buildings and homes that can withstand almost any earthquakes.

oohohohohhooohhh...i m all sweat .... i can t belive what i just saw .. pfffffffff

the resonance frequency is 1/6 per second ^^

@JoeA320Pilot dats not 1-2 inches xD dats alot more

RIGHT! LEFT! RIGHT LEFT! 

Rollers. They are used on 20+ story buildings to sway 1-2 inches in normal conditions. But they are built for earthquakes.

epic vieo, but who the fuck named it ?





I would literally wet myself ._.

not a single fuck was given by mother nature that day

wtf 0:46

Its like a Junior high school dance!

Building Level : Asians \m/

that would be living the dream.



Oh my god D:

@Chibzilla yeeeaah I was thinking the same when I commented this video, but you know I had time left to loose loose with stupidities like your comment.

wow japanese build ANYTHING! even buildings capable of moving! :D

Impresionante! D:

@najurinajuri I don&#39;t even feel like putting a response together, you&#39;re just a typical brainwashed yanky. Sad to be honestly :(

@Chibzilla It&#39;s a whole different effect, the impact of a plane is  a sudden load, that has much to do with the behavior of the building, that without taking into account the fire that changes the properties of the structural steel

So crashing a plane into one would bring it down from the ground up? Yeah okay America... 

We have 60 floors buildings in Panama, and I was at the tallest floor on one once during and earthquake xD it was scary, though the quake was just 3-4 in Richter Scale :p

damn thats nuts



@BigScaryFace probably none, maybe just damaged furniture and computers! LOL.

BRING THAT BITCH DOWN!!!

how the hell do you build those buildings?

It&#39;s just incredible, nothing came crashing down.

And in New Zealand, 114 people are killed when a 4 storey 

Studio/Language School building collasped and caught fire.....



Makes our &quot;standards&quot; absolutely pathetic compared to Japan.

amazing footage, especially seeing the 2 buildings swaying

most of these buildings are made in 70&#39;s

@gueydejalisco ya so engneering doesnt go into it

I wish we had these kinds of buildings here in Christchurch, NZ....

me the whole time watching this video: fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck

any damage on those building? need repair?

woW!

Buildings were probably Union made :)

Truly amazing ... The Japanese are genius! I&#39;m jealous :D

im not even there and it made me nervous

Holy Hell.....that is amazing how much those buildings are swaying!!



Insanely cool.

If there was an earthquake like Japan&#39;s where I live, we&#39;d all be dead. 

omg i would hate to be in the buildings... I wonder how many had motion sickness in the buildings...

the answer my friend is blowing in the wind

I&#39;d be shitting my pants if i was on the top floor.

Amazing Engineering and Building standards

This is the Nomura building. I was there on the 48th floor! Thanks for posting.

if i was in that building i probably make a couple of brownies

this people are good architect 

@2008shiny Woah... I don&#39;t even remember writing this actually. 

It&#39;s okay, your structural dynamics is better than mine. I don&#39;t really know much about it, just the basics.

I don&#39;t know why it was flagged as spam... maybe haters jealous of my knowledge? xD (jk)

@TheJeleb Hmm interesting, but i thk the height of the structure determines whether its inertia dominates over stiffness o damping. Sry, my structural dynamics sucks so hard... XD btw... y the heck was ur msg flagged as spam



@2008shiny Nope, just something I remember looking at in a text book not long ago. I&#39;m not fond of earthquake or geographical studies.

@TheJeleb u doing earthquake engineering mate? o seismic studies?

I had no idea buildings swayed that much! amazing how well designed they are

i remember that they used to design buildings with big suspended weights in the top which would sway to counteract the swaying of the building and so would stop it toppling over 



@2008shiny It&#39;s to do with the structure and most probably something underground. Interesting point though... I&#39;ll have to research this. 

the dynamic response dissipates the energy. but i wonder how specifically they manged to make it sway

