1. You stepped out of the car. 2. You turned your back to the tigers. Never turn your back if there is a wild animal behind you.3. They have signs that said you mustn’t step out of your vehicle and you still decided to sue the park ??You dig your own grave back there.=&gt;you are stupid, this is why shampoo has “how to use” behind them.

It was a dumb idea to switch seats in the middle of a tiger enclosure. The tigers didn’t know humans in their habitat, just the cars driving by. When she left the car the tiger spotted her and identified her as a pray. Rest in Peace to the people who died that day, it wasn’t even a minute out of the car but it was enough. Rest easy

Tiger was waiting for her...I have seen other safari videos. Tiger never attack when the person is in the group

Mother’s love 

Who cares what happens in China.

Was it your daughter who was dragged away by the tiger? Did her mother die trying to save her? Her mother is brave, her mother is great.
If you go outside in a safari park where there are tigers, there are risks like this. This woman is senseless. Hasn't he been exhibiting dangerous behavior in human society as well?
Thank you for the meal. 
Wow, rest in peace.
stupid people dont deserve place in this world.

The woman was saved by park rangers after being mauled, she lived. The woman in the backseat got mauled by another tiger and did not make it. The man and a child in the backseat of the car both were unharmed.

I wish they didnt shoot the tiger  poor tiger 

Woman 
The woman's behavior was so stupid. Does the tiger have to die for this guy?
Why would you get out of your car

Stupid woman

HOw can a human being be that stupid?

Title should be Women with big ego almost get eaten alive by tigers but sad part is she alive and she’s old mother is the one mauled to death.

Stupid dumb beach

Good stupid woman need to listen instead of argue

The first woman survived with serious injuries but her mother was killed during this attack

Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. And the Darwin award goes to...

Yo that is a large animal

Dumb humans again ‍️
Did she survive 

She yet have the audacity to sue the zoo

She argued with the guy so she got out of the car into the area filled with tigers all around?? If u can&#39;t handle ur anger even in these fatal situations then why the fudge did u come here in the first place?????

But are these kind of parks really that important in the first place??? More important than human lives? A security guy got killed too in this same place before. Whether or not they put rules there, still incidents like these will keep on happening one way or another whether by stupidity of humans or by any accident. There are some things that should be kept away whether or not it looks fun to be in there, for the safety of humanity. Now see what happened? The girl was stupid and the same stupidity or accidents will continue to happen. A woman died bcs of someone else&#39;s stupidity.

<b><i>Careless Chinese communist party</i></b>

Tiger &quot;Finally my uber eats has arrived!!&quot;

Hi, I&#39;m a stupid human who decided therules don&#39;t apply to me and got out of mycar in a wildlife park. So please blame thetiger. It&#39;s 100% his fault for being a wildanimal.

The dude who ran after her was reallybrave, not cause he just blindly followed,but you could see his hesitation. He wasclearly terrified, but he chased her downanyways. Props to the guy....

Darwin award granted

What will happen to the tiger that killed the person?
If I were the mom, I&#39;d have said &quot;fuck that I&#39;ll just make another one&quot;.

Good

And they had the balls after this to sue the Park for their Ignorance

Why stupid things always happened in China

THANK CGTN! &lt;3 LOVE TAIWAN COUNTRY &lt;3 LOVE HONG KONG FREEDOM &lt;3 LOVE TIBET FREEDOM &lt;3 LOVE TIANANMEN SQUARE DEMOCRACY PROTESTS &lt;3░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░▄░░▄░░░░░███████████████████░░▀▄█▄▄█▄▀░░░███████████████████░▀▀█░░░░█▀▀░░███████████████████░▄▄█░░░░█▄▄░░███████████████████░░▄▀█▀▀█▀▄░░░███████████████████▄▄▄▄█▄▄█▄▄▄▄▄███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
That guy following definitely doesn’t realize that he’s probably going to die as well if he goes in to save her

She actually tried to sue the Park...i really hope she lost the trail cause thats just absoulute stupidity

Don&#39;t argue with your husband in an open tiger park, then leave the car to carry on the argument outside the car!! And then when u get dragged away by a tiger the HUSBAND your arguing with has to save your A$, the woman&#39;s mother died she also went to save her daughter and now the woman who got out of the car is suing the park!! The child in the car was hurt,

Bad kitty
Terminate all dangerous animals period.Any people they will kill in the future is not worth their entire species.Yeah, thats right, fuck&#39;em.

Never turn your back on big cats!

imagine having to live with the guilt of knowing you basically caused your mothers death because of your own stupidity, and now the whole internet knows of your stupidity

Worst part is the stupid woman who got out, apparently having an argument with her husband, she survived. The second woman, the mother of the first lady actually died.

The woman who was ambushed by the tiger survived but the third woman who got out of the car was mauled to death.

Natural selection. Survival of the fittest. Darwin for the win

And yet the stupid bitch sues the park for $2 million and actually wins. Lol like how you gonna ignore the signs all over the place saying “DO NOT LEAVE YOUR VEHICLE! TIGERS WILL ATTACK!” and then sue the park for your own stupidity and then getting your mother killed in the process? And then she calls it “Victim Blaming” when she gets bashed for it. Lol This is really a special kind of stupid.

Tiger was just being tiger...

When entering the safari park, a staff member and a bulletin board reminded not to get off the car. Why did this woman get off the car? Is it to seek death?

lol This is pretty much like watching a piping red hot stove with signs all over saying: &quot;Do not touch&quot; and then you proceed to place both hands on it

Is she alive ??

What the hell she was doing in jungle with family.

She deserve it... Show off in Tiger territory!!!

Why the woman stepped outside the car? Did she lose her mind at that moment?

Sympathy to the families of those who have lost members in this way. It is a type of accident that frequently happens in South African public parks as well, and I understand that it is often tourists who get hurt. Park management have responsibilities, and visitors have responsibilities. To see who is to blame, analyse the situation and see who have not observed their responsibilities. If nobody seems to be responsible, correct the system.

Why do people have to learn &quot;anything&quot; the HARD WAYS !!!

Yeah, she died later, this happened a while ago

The tiger was not okay as I remember

How stupid !!!to get out of your car !

Did she get her dumb photo?‍️
Wtf

The girls fault

I actually enjoyed this footage.

Alternative Title: Karen get the manager

Not the tiger’s fault !

And the Darwin Award goes to...

Mistake by this stupid lady who entered the car but that tiger secrefice their life and I know you cruel inhuman hit the bullet in her head bcz.. that tiger and other animals don&#39;t have voice against those who harassing animals... I&#39;m really sorry tiger .. please forgive me bcz we are so stupid and cruel inhuman 

stupid people

Crazy girls
Because the new world has become a place
This is why thanos erase half of population.

Its fake!!

She was actually the tigers fast food delivery

Lucker husband.

Wow for what is that guy runing for ? For brcoming the dinner?

Cino wangkang
Does someone know if she won the trial????

LoL.. wasn&#39;t life funny before the pandemic

she did got out the car and walked like a baby giraffe.

Damn, have a good trip.
He just wanted to be her noodle folk!

Chinese did chinese~ lol
She survived but her mother died who goes for save her

Idiot

Are these people mentally retarded?  It beggars belief.

The tiger don&#39;t like you being so selfish and stop in the middle of the road blocking traffic

Ridiculous

She was warned, but this is how nature thins out the stupid.

This video shows every person first think about himself 

Good tiger nice shorts  ..... For nonicence people
One less idiot to be concerned about.

The tiger thanks for the easy meal (mom)

Not even god can help to idiots

So typical china

Tiger: YOU FORGOT TO PAY YOUR TICKETS
Rest in peace to a motherWho tires to save stupid daughter

What the hell....

So stupid!

It was the tiger owner&#39;s fault.

there goes karen

The moment she stepped out from the car, I started to LOL so loud. It&#39;s like here comes idiot + problem.

Reading some of the stupid comments on here is laughable, it&#39;s a wild animal it reacts on its natural instincts end of. Fact is she should not have left her car the only person at fault is the lady, it&#39;s not the jungle book people get real!!!

Why so stupid?

Hii, can i use your video on my TV Program channel? i am a one of the creative team at TRENDING TRANS7 and of course your channel youtube&#39;s name will published too i&#39;m waiting for your feedback,

 thank you.

Tigers love Chinese takeaway.
His beautiful wife is gone

You’re told never to get out the car dumb bitch gets out the car

Wow! Getting out of a car in a park with tigers some people are really stupid, I can&#39;t believe it

I think my door is stuck honey. Can you cheak please ? Sure

According to them, she was trying to switch seats with her husband and take the wheel, not fight with him, and she honestly doesn&#39;t look mad to me in this video. It was still a huge and very stupid mistake either way, but people need to stop. She made a mistake. She&#39;s already lost her mother and her old life as a result; she doesn&#39;t need people insulting her to add onto the pile. The people telling her she &quot;deserved it&quot; or &quot;should&#39;ve died&quot; are disgusting and should be ashamed of themselves.

Doll Dance
Looks like Terry&#39;s out of Cereal

I think everyone calling the daughter stupid needs to quit casting stones.  ALL of us have acted very irrationally and made foolish decisions that has resulted in consequences. We don&#39;t know what her state of mind was leading up to her getting out of the car and she clearly wasn&#39;t getting out of the car realizing how likely it would be a tiger is there.  I was on a Safari and we would get out of vehicles at times (although when it was safe), but geez, have some sympathy people.

NO china PANDEMIC ORIGINATION FOR YOU!!!!!!!

Human stupidity at its best.

Idiots deserve to die. Don't harm the tiger.
Idiots

It is too good to be true. They thought they are the tigress too. Its so easy, just bring the one you hated most to the zoo for natural &#39;accident&#39;

Tiger was hungry 30 minutes later...I’m the same after Chinese food

How did she die?

wow so good have tiger in road

stupid ladies
The mother dies to save the stupid girl I would happy if the girl died instead of her mother

When you need a poo...you need a poo!

Thats why if you feel happiness with your family,your husband, your sons and your sweet daughters but dont ever ever forget to your mother. Dont ever ever forget her even shes not lives with you. Because a mother rather to die for us forever..untill we get older n older. She still assume us as her baby. If our father and mother are still alive please take care to both of them and their feeling firstly..if you loves your kids more than your mother, in future your kids dont love you more than their husband or wife.  So on and on and on and and on..

Darwin wins.
The mother was a hero. Try to saving her daughter with her life untill being a killed. Her son in law is half coward half brave.

Mampus otak bodo

Good job by tiger why you out of your car duffer ..

Tigers also gettting corona the great Chinese invention

i blame that  BITCH CAROLE BASKIN

So gooood

The Rich father&#39;s mad daughter

Absolutely nothing shocking there, humans are dumb as hell

good work
It's really nice to be niceㅠㅠㅠ
What &#39;s wrong with people?

That is how Burhan wani was killed. Bengal tiger is no joke

Why she got outta  car. ..:/

That should have been Carole Baskins

Wife was probably having a fight with her husband and purposely left the car. Women are known to act stupidly. 

Humans fault. We keep destroying their environment to create our own. Also it&#39;s China who cares. Stupid people. Natural selection at work. We need to take warning labels away.

Hihihi. Bon appetit to the cat^^
They were lowkey doing a Chinese fire drill Lol

U need to give this stupid lady an        enmmy award, just like an englishman photographer who went to afrika, taking picture of lions but end up  mauling by a group of lions. He was stopped by a friend not to get out from car but insist .

Bet that tiger died happy.

tipu sultan tiger ka father
Chinese delivery fresh to your door step!!!

Its tit for tat against u chinese cz u eat live animals or killed u must get punished as well

gone in 10 seconds, damn that was swift

How do you let a big ass tiger sneak up on you like that

Absolutely stupid

Stupid people

She was arguing with her husband, then jumped out of the car to be all dramatic and got dragged off by a tiger.  Next time, stay your ass in the car.  Jump out when you get home.

wow tiger keep it up. i m with u.

Tiger: Shenron for my final wish...i want an easy meal! Shenron: ...!!!

I heard the tiger got coronavirus from this

Common sense is important...out of car &amp; standing outside for a while so idiot Careless act in danger zone...! 

Deserve it! In the future, you must learn to follow the rules and remember them!
Well deserved! Not shocking at all but actually expected!                  Hmmm Yo, Chang, I have an idea for an inner city safari thing you in?

<b>This Sign Won&#39;t Stop Me Because I Can&#39;t Read</b>

Aargh here comes my food right on time

What&#39;s with the fucking adverts on the too6

for the last video, takin it madafakers, fcking stupid people

It obvious the animals are advancing.

No the Grandmother is the G you see. The Male come back for her its obvious. The matriarch is the tiger and grandmother. KEEPING PLAYING OUT OF ORDER...LOL

Welp.

Any way to remove the best video suggestion.  It blocks the view

Stupid lady... when she is entering tiger zone how can she get down....

you can&#39;t help dumb and stupid.

She just voted out by natural selection! 

Stupid bitch

Nice, eat that stupid woman

Main fault of the woman who leaved car in a wild animal park

I cant see shit. Someone put ads over the image

Why this stupid got out of the car?

Chinese eat all tigers food due to exist population and poverty so now tigers attacked them in return. So sad non vegetarian.

Tiger:&quot;Surprise! Guess who?&quot;

China car put the driver on the left side of the car, the the usa.So...whats that woman doing getting out of passenger seat and move to the driver seat?Okay, so maybe they want to switch driver, but shouldnt you do it asap with the least amount of time being outside?I mean if she entered the car when the door opened, she would not be attack. Instead she stand around.Some people are just keen on winning darwin award.

Stupid family

Prank gone wrong 

those officials are shouting but she lost focus  when they are shouting and only concentrated on them ,in a second tiger run to her and attacked. why the hell she did had to get down the car without thinking thats a tiger zone first .why did she had to switch in the middle of safari . that too she was very slow and opened door very slowly and even someone inside opened door for her she didn&#39;t go inside quickly and was arguing them to move ,Its like as if she struck in our general road traffic.

The tiger is a member of communist party of china

Tiger is more dangerous than lion

Tiger dies because I&#39;d this stupid lady

Thats right

Stupid humans! Ignorance and arrogance will kill you everytime!

An hour later the tiger was hungry again...

She didn&#39;t know tigers around? She didn&#39;t know tigers are not cats? One explanation will be very interesting...how about the other people in the car? Actually she were opening other door ...she wants tiger eat her Mather in law and everything went wrong?

Whenever I watch this video in YouTube.The same thought revolves around my mind that the woman must have survived. I pray to God that the  may be safe wherever she is.

Did that woman survive?If anyone knows, tell me. We have seen this video many times. But we don&#39;t know what happened to that woman

J woman did bacchi thi did
dumb person is dumb

karma follows every where

Tiger saw a Chinese medicine.

Some take the idea of food delivery waaayyyyy too far .....

This is the result of watching girl power movies.

Natural selection 
God damn it, can we please not have those fucking banners covering up the most interesting bits of the video?????

Thanks for putting that stupid fucking ad basically right over where you can see the tiger. Fucking internet genius

Tiger catching pokemon

The woman is seeking death or playing with her life ignorantly stupid. Her mother died for her. She must be happy now. What a stupid jerk. Putting others at risk because of her uncontrollable behaviour.

That tiger was like yeah!! Finally!!

That&#39;s a sad situation. But seems like the husband didn&#39;t try too hard to save wife. He&#39;s not throwing his life on the line.

Stupid woman. One for the Darwin Award.

Kill that fucking tiger, 1 human life is very very more important than fcking 100 wild animals. I wish i was there with machine gun.. R.I.P her mother

It's too dangerous. Don't get off the car.
Who the fuck goes out in Safari park and has their back turned,  where do i even start.

That is how stupid people die

Chinese video Chinese quality
Very foolishness..... very said.... very quickly attacks by tiger.... totally we loss life

That&#39;s what happens when you  don&#39;t eat frosted  flakes

Darwin&#39;s finest.

The attack was not visible very well  because of the ads. It was a tiger attacking, so the attack was not shocking but expected.

couldn&#39;t even view the best part (the attack) because of the annoying Youtube suggested videos overlayed on screen.  Annoying.

This video should be titled &quot;STUPIDITY ATTACK&quot;...

Wot!
Further proof women are completely irrational.

Did she survive?

Stupid bitch
How do I turn the fucking adds off at the end of the video that are blocking the actual attack....

God I wish a tiger would come out like that when my missus is shouting

Natural Selection doing its job.

ENGRAVED GIRL

Stupid ads on half of the screen. Dislike.

Fast food what was she thinking

Amazing I&#39;m really happy for that. At least the population of stupid peoples at least decreased by 1 due to this incident.

So story is that the lady never die she got badly injured/disfigured, but her mom (not seen on this video) who was in the back also came out to try and save her got killed by a different tiger

Tiger was lonely perhaps 

i got noting for this level of stupid.

She deserves it!
Stupid woman 

Dumbest of the dumb.

Did the tiger at least get a decent bite?

Irresponsible negligible careless woman...

Some people deserve it ...
That&#39;s actually natural selection, which sadly  mostly doesn&#39;t happen anymore. And for all those blaming the tiger.  The tiger takes what he wants in his territory . You either respect it or not .  Simple as that .. nature doesn&#39;t think with emotions. If you don&#39;t respect the laws of nature. Things can turn ugly quick ..

Stayng at your own place in the car during safari IS FOR BOYSChanging car sit during safari IS FOR MEN

I hope that security rules are imposed in the park and private car inside is banned.

The husband should have driven off and claimed the insurance

dumb ass c..h..i..n..k

Passive aggressive highly emotional women at their best

And the Darwin Award goes to........(drum roll)

So Stuppid..

Oh boy, many here trying to put jokes here,wow !!

That Tiger Was Pretty Fast onto That Prey ... Something tells me Those tigers dont get fed all that well. That happened crazy fast !

Hard to feel bad for her..what an idiot.  Tigers are so dangerous and this moron let her emotions get her killed.

I am Chinese, and I also acknowledge that this woman&#39;s behavior was STUPID AND BRAINLESS...    Don&#39;t Judge all the Asian people by only one video .

That tiger was hungry for some Chinese

oof!

She turn her back on a tiger.

Suicide by Tiger...…..

Grrrrr come on!!
So stupid of her, geez

I also see this happen in japan yikes!

No common sense!
Kiki challenge went wrong

Why getting out of car.????

Proof that people are stupid

Good to see tiger playing its role to keep our world clean.

This is why dont get close to dangerous animals that dont know you

She herself was responsible for her death . I hope the tiger is alive .

Stupid girl who got out of the car.
Were they doing a Chinese Fire Drill?

The zoo car was there hopefully they save the lady.

good work in wild park

she dead only by tiger.

What if she was one of your family member. Stop labelling her or Judging her Intelligence and grow some empathy towards her family. Y&#39;all dead Zombies or what, grow some fuckin compassion if you&#39;re all such a smart ass.

Tigers like to eat! I hope the tiger is OK!

oh shit! PAN right! Pan right! damn it!is she still alive?

Very sad

And she will blame the tiger for so inhumane..if she survives tho..., and the tiger will blame why human is so stupid.

Wow

I dont think the woman got out of the car and noticed the tiger I think they were having some sort of argument wrong place at the wrong time kind of thing...

what I will do to a random stranger if its not mutual....(:

Why does she get out? They could have changed seats later
...and they want to be equal with men (

Wow holy shit.

I am sorry. This is tragic. But Wtf could possess a person to get out of the car in a wildlife reserve with fuking tigers .

Argument solved!

This shows you gotta keep a calm head in certain situations. She got out the car because of an argument. Last one she ever had!

what happen next

Charles Darwin was right

So stupid...

The tiger of a powerful country is too strong
Stupid fucking morons.

stupid bitch !

This was Badaling Wildlife ParkThis was even worse. A 2nd older woman came out from the left rear passenger side to help the 1st woman and was killed. The 1st woman was injured but didn&#39;t die.The park was not held responsible.-

Did she live???:: daft question but stranger things happen

A special Darwin award for this woman...

Hungry pets need foods!!!

That&#39;s bad

I&#39;m actually kinda glad that happened,  I mean it&#39;s all sad but how can you really be sad for stupid decisions and in all honesty, it was everyone&#39;s fault.

poor lady

gg

Dear China,Quit trying to be Russia. We love you just the wai you are!Yours truly,San Francisco

Why would she even get out? Wouldn&#39;t they be warned to not leave their cars in such a place assuming it&#39;s a sanctuary?

Why she is out of car she knows that this is safari park and there is animaNysa Malakar

I hope she is white after seeing so many hate comments

Fucking dumb bitch stay in your CAR

Why did you Go Outside its a Wildlife Park

attack，like a boss
Stupid is as stupid does.

All of you are heartless! That woman died! And your just talking about your stupid things about the tiger! Yes I like tigers, and I love all animals, but it’s not right to just not even care about that woman who was most likely killed!

Hate to say that, but she is &quot;Dumb&quot;.

the women that got attacked first didn&#39;t die. the women who follwed her husband was her mother. unfortunately the mother died cause of her dumb daughter

the women that got attacked first didn&#39;t die. the women who follwed her husband was her mother. unfortunately the mother died cause of her dumb daughter

the women that got attacked first didn&#39;t die. the women who follwed her husband was her mother. unfortunately the mother died cause of her dumb daughter

the women that got attacked first didn&#39;t die. the women who follwed her husband was her mother. unfortunately the mother died cause of her dumb daughter

I don&#39;t like that pokemon at all.

Obviously the tiger is not guilty. Safari is safari.

How is that stupid a tiger is a very stealth predator they attack when least expected...

Tabels have turned fellas now cats are eating Chinese

She is an example of stupidity and ignorant. You saw the warnings you know there are no &quot;safe zone&quot; until you&#39;re out of the zoo and yet you risk your own family....especially your KID your kid is in the car with you! Why? Just because you want to switch driving? Or was it that you just want to scam the zoo for money instead it back fire? Anyway it is just shameful of you to even want money out of the zoo for what you know you did wrong. Know this though that due to your action you will live in guilt that you killed your mother.

The problem is that she is still alive but his husband has been killed by the tiger. Because off her fault...

Three thousands women did not like this video.

Man I wouldn&#39;t even unlock my car in tiger or lion environment let alone open the door and walk out!

Game over!! Tiger is a beast!

DONT PLAY HIDE AND SICK WITH BIG CATS....

The lady whose brain is made of ramen, tiger taught her a real good lesson. But her innocent mom died...

Population control of china

U just couldn&#39;t wait to get out in a human environment instead huh?  I&#39;m done

Any married man would call her a stupid bitch

where is the superiority of human being now!?

Math, yes, commons sense, nooooo, fuk nooo mista

She should never have come out of the car. Completely the people&#39;s fault. Im pretty sure that was safari park. Tigers are super stealthy predators. Even the deers and gazelles with better hearing than human wont see it coming. You will only see it once it is pouncing on you.

This is all trumps fault

The tiger did what it&#39;s supposed to do. Stupid people should die anyway... In this case the mother died... Well, she payed the price of raising a stupid child. Fair enough. Hope the tiger is well!

I wish it attacked my family. I hate them so much.

it she save? or not? advise please

In cases like this I just think they wanted to die and went for it. It&#39;s the most reasonable answer to all these questions about her brains and stupidity. She definitely didn&#39;t mind to die right there.

Ahahahahahaha......ahahahha stupid bitch ahahahha go swimming in a shark infested bay hahaha

Stupid people have no common sense with wild animals.

When you do stupid shit you win stupid prizes.

good tiger..nice and very strong

Who is here after they read she gonna sue the wildlife park

Dumbass!!

Yum Yum
Sun
Shiva saves Carl TWD S7 E16

DON'T SORRY YOU CAN'T GO DON'T GO OUT!
the girl caused the death of her mother...shall her soul burn in endless hellfire ...

Darwin premium!

OMG....This is very sad. Why she got out of the car?????

r.i.p

Joe Rogan anyone?

Ideot people

joe rogan anyone?

That&#39;s what the Chinese get for eating tiger penis

Stupid fucking bitch

JRE brought me here

Darwin&#39;s theory of evolution at work

Classic case of Darwinism, survival of the fittest and this chick clearly wasn&#39;t fit enough

That&#39;s terrible, but there IS  a reason why they tell you not to get out of the car and to keep your windows closed in these wildlife parks!

Great This r the educated people.Pls don&#39;t blame the Tiger.

This is an animal kingdom. The stronger survived. Same thing happened in Nanking in December, 1937. Simple ! George Wu, ARCHITECT, AIA, NCARB  2017-11-18

Nature should not have to suffer idiots.

stupid ， comment ends
Since ancient times, tigers were very good at hunting humans, specially in Himalaya areas where the villages were 2-3km apart and each village had maximum of 3 families in those thick forests.  Once a person die, they had a habit of throwing the body to the hell, where a sick / hungry / old / disable tiger pick the habit by eating human bodies and then continue in the EASY FOOD way by hunting people because hunting a man is thousand times easier than chasing a wild deer.

Fucking useless lady why the hell she did show off by getting down the Car

Thanks for uploading but poor girl 

1 stupid bitch less on the planet

Good job tiger....the foolish lady deserves it

amazing the comments on here..regardless of her not being smart..a woman just got dragged away by a tiger and killed in front of her family and the assholes on here typing all kinds of shit about her..what happened to her is beyond a tragedy

SO STUPID!!!

soon or later lol

The tiger was lauging all the way to his shelter .  Haha

Brainless woman.......

this is a perfect example of why man made weapons are the only reason we are anywhere close to the top of the food chain lol

Silly cow..what did she expect??

Is the women servive? Or killed be the tieger ?

fuck the stupid  bitch

Very good she brok the rule

That survival woman now sues the park (that Jeep) for responding her safety and her died mom $,$$$,$$$RMB, one reason is park employees just stayed in car and hit the horn...The tigers are saved.

This proves shit happens.

Why would she get out the car even if they were arguing?? Did she forget her location? Was she like &quot;okay fuck you I&#39;ll go live with the tigers instead&quot;? Like wtf

When the drunk girl at the party wanders away from her friends

You idiot, you hurt yourself and your family, and you also hurt the tiger!
You really have to be either suicidal or of limited intellect to get out of a car next to a tiger!!!!

Fucking dumb standing still how can be someone so careless she might quickly jumped in the car but she was waiting for tiger to grab him Fucking she was standing there for 5-6 secs 

snarched her like a shrimp on a chopstick

damn the tiger took her like a peace of trash i feel sorry for her she got eaten alive and stolen

why? WHY would you get out of the car inside a wild predatory animal enclosure? WHY?! ITS A FUCKING TIGER! DO YOU NOT KNOW WHAT A TIGER DOES?!

I guess Tigers don&#39;t like drama can&#39;t say I blame them either

Surprise for that woman

Sorry to say this but she deserved it.I mean its fucking idiotic what she did there. Its safari for God sake.I really hate people who would go in open jeaps and even some idiots would role their vehicle windows down to take screen shots and all.  How can it be more valuable than your own life.If you don&#39;t care about yourself then fucking think about them who&#39;s gonna be incomplete after you are gond. Think about your love one&#39;s, your family, kids, relatives. I will keep this footage in my head and will tell others to watch it so they all can learn a lifetime lesson buy hey; morons will be morons.Because of idiots like her these beautiful creatures get shot and blamed for being wild animal. What a shame. Its a fucking tiger you dumb people and for God sake being in captivity rises curiosity even more. How about this, its for all those so far called &quot;humans&quot; : lock your self in a room for a month and see how you behave people watching you and seing life moving ahead for others but you are stuck.I am really pissed off. Feel sorry for her family. Hope she made thru this and if not then may her soul rest in peace 

What&#39;s with tiger attacks at Chinese zoos nowadays?...

More stupid then this doesnt exicst

Hate to be frank...but that first female who got out of the car deserved to die....what a stupidity...you know the area is infested with man eaters,still you chose to get out of your car...process in which she got her mother killed and she was severely mauled !!! Why are some humans so stupid !!!

Why don&#39;t take a breath outside the car?! it&#39;s so hot inside!

The woman was in a heated argument with husband and wanted him to get out of the car... ended up getting her mother killed instead

RIP to both

Disgraced and thrown abroad
C.H.I.N.E.S.E

Very amazing

Nice video! I like looking nature, explore and slow down...

for stupid
I really love this attack!!

that serves to her! Who&#39;s the stupiest human that is getting off of the car in a wild life park! ?

saddened by the heartless and cruel comments, regardless of whether it was her fault or not this family can only be suffering unimaginable pain and trauma, put yourself in their shoes and have some compassion

Human is Stuuuupid
wow is she a complete moron idiot?

Is she dead
&quot;The woman&#39;s mother was attacked and killed by another tiger after she hopped out of the car to try to save her daughter who had been dragged away.&quot; Geezzzz.

Read desciption
chinese are rude tourists and don&#39;t tend to follow rules thats how this dumb lady died

SAD THING IS , her mom died for her.

a lie
the tiger was probably really tired of female drivers

DARWIN AWARD!!Winner 2016

The Real Tiger Woods

I&#39;m not the dumb one anymore

i injoy that . tiger is powerful animal

Darwin

Of course that tiger is not dead after this.  Why are there so many stupid comments about this?

Everyone are blaming the woman, saying she was stupid, but come on, shouldn&#39;t we pray for her? She brought the rule but it doesnt mean she deserve to die. Ay least be sympathetic ok?

the people in the car behind got their money&#39;s worth, hope they left good reviews.

TIGER MAFIA

chinese food?

14M163107052017

THE MOMENT TIGER PULLED  HER DOWN (<a href="">00:23</a>) WHY DID THE CAMERA SHAKED  ??? WAS THAT A MINOR EARTH QUACK. THE LIONS KNOWS SOME TIME SYNC MYSTERY OF GOD.

stupid fucking ppl....getting out of a car in a wildlife park....instant karma right there lol

how fuckn stupid are ppl

this is not a shopping mall parking.

If was me ... for sure i will not even think 1 minuet to leave someone i love died like this .. fight until you die

Stupid bitch

i am happy for that bitch !

Strange time to decide changing driver... Tiger says:&quot;I want this one, thank you very munch!&quot;

smart girl deserves smart treatment
Wow the woman dragged off by the  tiger lived but the second woman was killed by another tiger...U might can do this with lions but tigers are like real life monsters. The bite force of a tiger is almost twice that of a lions. Not only that but tigers weight 300-400 lbs more . They are solitary hunters and that also makes them good at killing. I have never understood why they call a lion the king of the jungle when its clearly a tiger.

tiger dragged her like so easily, super 

China's Hukou system needs change. If people stay at a certain time, they will have city civil status
He was like should I save her | Should I not?

&quot;A woman who was mauled by a tiger after getting out of her car at a wild animal park in Beijing is suing the park, saying she was not fully informed of the park&#39;s dangers and left the vehicle because she was carsick.&quot;Fucking lol

Can&#39;t blame the tiger. I have yellow fever sometimes too.

you see how the guy was like &quot;is that a Tiger&quot; then he was like &quot;oh she a goner&quot; to &quot;but thats my wife&quot; beautiful thing. But then again he came back n was like &quot; help me get her &quot; so maybe its not his wife. 

RIP, She should have given the tiger a Pepsi

My dads friend is a doctor from India and he said that he treated wounds from all kinds of animals except tigers he said no one ever gets away from them

mamamia this is my lunch tiger said

It was an Isis Tiger,

Can you believe this dumb bitch is suing the park for what equals $2,000,000??? Her mother died trying to save her and now she blames the park. <a href="">

peace in rest..duh..

This is why women shouldnt be allowed to vote or drive a car. They have no brain.

Natural selection in action

And.... boom you&#39;re gone forever
And they keep telling us Asians are smart.

fool..
Harambe who??

With China in ghost cities, investors need to have policies for people to exchange land for apartments, so that people can benefit and investors will also have a land fund in the future.
B

damn that tiger is badass

Is she died?
Bad time for a tantrum lady...

dumbass people.
just how good asian woman are ask the tiger

Desert areas in China are suitable for hydroponics
Snack to go

Is it true her mom who got out last died? That is a turn of events...

shockingly the girl got saved but the 2nd woman at the end of the video who ran to save her got  killed by another tiger

I&#39;m guessing that woman had a good reason to get out of the car

The tiger was hungry again soon after.

just one word... STUPID

and the guy turned out to be a schmuck, the driver!
When companies move to America, we should no longer buy high-end products. Because we have to work hard or exchange a lot of goods to buy them.
Wowww

that is what u get for getting out the car. stupid

How can someone be that stupid? Was she possibly mentally ill?

lmfao what a dumb bitch!

lol

this shit is just too funny

Dumb chick not only gets out and walk around, but also just stands there conversating giving plenty time for tiger to come over.  Did she have brain fart and thought they were at the picnic park??  smh.

Goddamn that was quick!

JESUS CHINA! JUST TIGERS MAULING MOMS ON THEIR WAY HOME!!??!!

the woman survived and her mom dead for saving her. And the woman charge the park for 200 millions RMB because she think the park should not let her getting off the car.

what the fuck! Why are people soooo dumb????? apparently she was angry at her husband and wanted to give him a piece of her mind. but could she not do it in the car? Did she randomly forget they were driving through an enclosure for very large predators? and if you see the red car in the background, it&#39;s not moving at all, I&#39;m guessing it was taking pictures of tigers that were right out of this video&#39;s view angle? so they were visibly close by

i still confuse.. i cant identify, which one actually the animal??

Served her right, stupid mainlander

she literally had plenty of time to get back in the car!

darwin awards entry
nice

This woman is not dead. . . her mother was dead. . . .
fuck
gran idea...golfa!

Darwinism, doing it&#39;s job.

The first rule of looking at tigers club! Don&#39;t get out your fucking car!

She deserved that shit kinda lmao

What happened to her then?

&#39;Mr steal yo girl&#39;

Did that woman even know she was in the tiger reserve?

in china，we all think it&#39;s her own fault，she was brain-crashed

my god that look very scary, and that tigers brute force smh

aaaaaaaaaaaah

that girl so funny

Tiger went tiger
Trump Believes It Was ISIS!!!

Why the fuck she get out the car?

Darwin FTW.Idiocy knows no borders.

Stupid is as stupid does, <b>darwinism</b>.

at <a href="">0:23</a> she thought: <b>did I leave the iron on at home...</b>

If the situation is that, the person is under immediate attack, then shooting the tiger (if necessary to save human life) is justified in my opinion. If the person is already dead or no longer under attack, then the tiger shouldn&#39;t be punished. In either case, the person (if alive after the incident) should take responsibility for what happens.

the most exciting part is that this unbelievable woman survived and planned to sue the zoo for not warning her of the tiger coming... poor tiger, you deserve a smarter prey LOL

I have NO SYMPATHY for peoples in CHINA whatever happened ...KARMA !!!! I love to see they DIE...these peoples have 0 empathy for animals ...they deserve it !!! 

i think the person in the red car could of help by driving forward to stop the tiger or scare it.

&quot;But the first woman got out of the car after an alleged argument, &quot;Welp, k-bye, let her die. That&#39;s Darwinism right here folk, don&#39;t try to save her dumb ass, she might try to have children.

It&#39;s called natural selection

Tigers are smart, ppl are stupid

she tried to sue the zoo for &quot;not doing enough to prevent this from happening&quot;, such an idiot

China can move in space using lasers with locomotives and solar power systems. And connected to the rear part is a Lazer system to push the ship away. We don't need to shine the laser at such a distance that it's ineffective.
I feel sorry for the Chinese people who have the creativity to make Carbon capture.
It&#39;s a safari park and it is not allowed to get out of the car. Was the woman is mentally-ill?

This is a tragedy in the worst way :(

So a lot of people here are feeling bad for the tiger. I get that, but man have we put such a low standard in the price of human life.  It&#39;s my understanding that this woman was brutally and painfully mauled and killed by whats looks like a 600lb hungry predator am I right? Does anybody innocent,  whether ignorant or not, deserve that kind of fate? again I could be wrong and have my facts wrong but im just asking you guys

stupidity  resulted in the loss of life of the older lady. very stupid and very sad

It&#39;s obvious this was a planned <b>SUICIDE ATTEMPT</b>!

And this bitch has the hide to sue the park- bloody stupidity of all considering there were plenty of signs - hope park wins the case

simply stupidity

what the fuck

stupid girl

Snakes bite person that are literally grabing it: Kill the SnakeTiger kills someone after steping out of their car: Dont kill the TigerWot

Simply, you don&#39;t get out of the car when wild animals/predators are at large. You DO NOT. I am sure there were signs before entering, her mistake, they all paid for it. It&#39;s sad but when i saw her out of the car my mind could not comprehend the reason, at all. Why risk it. Why...

Where&#39;s Ezekiel we need to tell him that Shiva is out again!

fake...

That&#39;s some survival the fittest there.

Name name name name!
holy shit. was this tiger hunting for cars or something lol. Picked the wrong time to switch drivers apparently.

stupid girl don&#39;t she aware of she is not in garden it was tiger&#39;s tertiary.

stupid bitch deserved it, hopefully the tiger wasn&#39;t put down

That was super creepy

Not only did she get out of the car, she turned her back on the big cats! That&#39;s when they attack, especially when they&#39;re purposedly underfed.This is China, the government will probably send her to prison camp for costing the park money

The first lady get hardly hurt.his mom who&#39;s the third one getting out the car ,got killed by another tiger at that time.

Bitch. couldn&#39;t hold her ass for a few more minutes.

It&#39;s looks like a female lion not a tiger, because you know that&#39;s all what matters

what you expect dumb people for you 

whole china should  be eaten like this

|　what do you think about it?.                                   ||     Is this true?　　　　　　                                                                              ||　 　　＿＿＿＿＿＿　　　　＿＿＿＿＿＿　　　　＿＿＿＿＿　　      || 　 　｜　Yes　　     |　　　｜　Maybe　｜ 　 　      | 　   No　  |            ||　 　　￣￣￣￣￣￣　　　　￣￣￣￣￣￣　　　　￣￣￣￣￣　          |＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿ __ _
Gimme that shit

Stupid Woman. Hope the tiger not punished for human stupidity.

Honestly the person in the red car should of Rammed that shit.

did she just exit the car in a tiger park??

lmao

THATS A BIG ASS TIGER

Some of the comments here are disgusting. Yes it was foolish. But she never hurt the tiger.Poor woman. If you have no compassion for fellow humans, how can you preach about animals?

Ok it was a stupid thing to do, but where is the compassion here??What if it was your wife, girlfriend, sister? being foolish doesn&#39;t give people a license to throw around cruel comments about a tragedy.

HAHA

what happened after that?

she was kung fu master. chun li thinking she can beat a tiger with bare hands

dumb people shouldn&#39;t waste time on earth using its resources

And now she&#39;s suing the wildlife park, saying they are 70% responsible, after she signed a waiver stating that she would not exit her car.

Life finds a way.

It is not a paper tiger.

The more I learn about this woman the more she sounds like a complete fucking idiot.

Tiger was like &quot;BRING DAT FINE ASS OVER HERE, HO&quot;

Anyone else here because of the fight companion?

Did she fall so hard that the ground shook?

she died....you guys know that right? like yeah a mistake was made blah blah blah don&#39;t blame the animal, but she got ripped apart and eaten in front of her fucking kid. The main ones talking about how cruel humans are  the ones completely unfazed by the lost of one of their own. But just another human right? no big deal just a member of our own species who cares. You know even animals mourn for their own kind....

nature&#39;s way of getting rid of the the weak and stupid

She left her brain on the front seat

She went out of the car because she probably caught a rare pokemon

So it goes the mother in law was in the back seat ... jumping out to save her daughter. Dude, a disgruntled husband&#39;s dream come true. Can I borrow that tiger?

That just was a very rational move. I&#39;m sure she was not driven by emotion or anything like that.

tigers attacks to the back. i have been attacked twice by tiger, but a little one (baby). didnt done harm but it hurt as fuck :D and actually i got bitten once into my jaw, that was painful too.. so cant imagine how bad it was for her when big one attacked.. so i know the fact that tigers and some other types of animals attacks when you show them your back. maybe tiger even wouldnt attacked if that girl would have been standing in other direction. or if she wouldnt have left her car...

The fuck would you leave your car when there&#39;s a very large and dangerous predator outside ? Tigers are not snugly pets. They will kill you !

I&#39;m Chinese but maybe a tiger attack will teach them to stay away from a tiger when they&#39;re hunting them for medicine or whatever.

hahahaha nice
Congratulations on the Darwin award.

tiger said &quot; wwaaaww brunnete hhmmm nyuuuumi&quot;
Lmao, tigers were doing tigers do, which is to kill. Then why can&#39;t humans do what humans do, which is also to kill? Most people&#39;s logic is that because we are too strong we have to have mercy on the ones that are not as strong. Because tigers are killers, therefore they can kill all they want? Well then humans are the most powerful beings, then we can do what we want, which in this case is to kill the tiger. And yes, the tiger was killed. Stupid people dickriding animals and hating on their own kind.

Its not often the little waitress from KFC pops round offering a free portion of ribs.

Got snatched up!

If this was a wildlife park, then she should&#39;ve put some thought into her actions before getting out of the car. Big cats aren&#39;t fluffy and cuddly house cats. Thy are beautiful, but they are dangerous creatures if their hunting instincts are kicked in.

You can call the woman whatever you want, but at the end of the day she will carry the burden of her moms death &amp; injuries for life. This accident truly breaks my heart and almost made me cry. I just wish people would be kind &amp; compassionate when someone has gone through something like this even if it was by a mistake they did. Lets be kind. All my love for her mother a true act of love &amp; bravery a Fucking hero saved her daughters life by stoping the second tiger from attacking her daughter. I now admit i shed tears from this. May everyone in this video find peace.

CCTV fuck off back to China and stop censoring your people

Wow, what terrifying power that Tiger has. Poor woman. Hope she survived.

did they fight it off with Kung fu

they have tigers in china? i thought chinese people killed all tigers so they can sell there parts for medicine...

stupid.

he snatched  her like she owe him money

Where was she even going to go anyway? where was she going to storm off too? &quot;oh ill just go an lie down in the shade of the lions den till they have calmed down.....&quot;

Oh my God. She is so god damn Stupid to leave the car in a place like that. I.. I.. Don&#39;t have much left in humanity anymore...

how did it get losses

y did she get our of the car ?

The lady quarreled with her husband, and got out of the car without considering where she was. this was totally a tragedy! But I want to know why women are always easy to lose their mind

I expected a funny Harambe comment here. I am very disappointed Internet!

you eat cat. cat eat you.

Well done. He attacked from behind, as expected.
Have zero sympathy for her. Tell you multiple times not to get your of your vehicle the only person/s i feel sorry for is her family

what happened was that bitched didn&#39;t follow the rules at the zoo

you can't even get out there. What are people like that thinking?
Just imagine the after math of this, she is probably going to have a great mental breakdown for the rest of her life

&quot;oh hey its the tiger section, let get out of the car&quot;

Tiger be like...&quot;got wife problems?  I got ya bro&quot;
Natural selection at work again, what a dumbass.

her brain is made in china -_-

Idiots

what a brain. getting out of the car in wildlife park like that.

Damn nature, you scary

it&#39;s always reassuring that natural selection is still lurking in the bushes.  Can we import these to Washington DC?

That darn Chinese takeout...the tiger was hungry 15 minutes later

Lol good riddance
vixen  in chinese call  famle  tiger. the story about famle tiger meet  real tiger what will happend.

Well guys, next time your wife drives you crazy, Now you know what to do.... Take her to the zoo.

The most stupid thing is the zoo allow the vehicles go inside

tiger wouldve made a better husband

I just have had it with you! so I&#39;m getting out the car and gonna get mauled by this tiger so maybe you&#39;ll understand my feeligns!

Man:There tiger behind youGirl :Nice tryTiger:Boo
yo come del lele lele army video pium pium
mdzz

dumbass

I was thinking why then I read wildlife park. you would have to be an idiot to get out of the car

Species clever enough to invent car not clever enough to stay in car while driving through wildlife park.

I hope she&#39;s okay

seriously no one came for lele
Y

This woman is so stupid
:0 Seriously, no, I'm taking it to poor thing 
Prc are horrible.talk loud.action loud.think everyone going to give way.Guess not the tiger.

That was a CATastrophic accident.

Should have just farted in the car, damn!

Idiot death
Apparently, the first woman (the daughter) was bitching to her husband, went apeshit frothing in the mouth at her husband, and got out trying to yell at her husband more. The husband went out to rescue her along with his mother-in-law (daughter&#39;s mom) and the mother is the one that got killed trying to rescue her daughter.

that happens when you let mexicans cross the border

We learn time and time again that females have small brains.

Don&#39;t show you back to a Tiger.

This video shows women being women.

bad parents and stupid ass people!!!!!

And that´s why on Zoos and Safari, there are quite restricted rules regarding our own behavior: to avoid such situations.

DAMN NATURE!!! You scary!!

this woman did a stupid thing but she didnt deserve to die.

Its actually natural selection that caused her death. This bitch was clearly too stupid to live any longer!!

suciede..stupid

Stupid ass people&#39;s

is she out of her mint or WHAT da hell

Why did she left the car ????

I don&#39;t think the bitch thinks she&#39;s cute now.

Beautifull stuff

I hope they killed that tiger. Fight me.

ENTEi            GO CATCH THEM                                            POKEMON GO
Humans....Don&#39;t think sometimes...

happy

happy

y do tiger not see on camera rite

she disserved that for her stupidity 

What really happened was I heard they were driving trying to save there marriage &amp; while hey we&#39;re discussing whose fault it was things got heated &amp; the woman said to stop the car and when the car stopped she jumped out still mad and stormed up to the driver yelling &quot; it&#39;s over I&#39;m done do You Hear me I&#39;m done&quot;

Well whoopsie-daisy!

that tiger snatched her up like she weighed 20 lbs...these animals are fucking powerful as fuck

Toevuar rv pare chvp vo aarro av Kuk virarolv!!!
I think the Woman deserved it ... How can you get out of the car when u know tigers are around ? I think only brainless people can do that...

easy way out

lol dumb shit
Holy Shit !

Hahahahaha that&#39;s funny.

The Husband is to blame, letting that retarded woman out of the car is his fault.

If you wanna be stupid while in the tiger&#39;s lair ... then take what comes your way Dummy!!! I hope the Tiger wasn&#39;t harmed in any way afterwards.

Tiger playing human go

Common people please stop the hate comments, someone lost a loved one. I feel so sorry for the girl and for the guy at tye same time this incident would haunt him for the rest of his life.

Darwin awards candidate...

lovely hope the tiger bit the shit out of her

And in Russian?
I guess Shere Khan really does prefer Chinese food over Indian food.

Wild arcanine appeared. But the human was captured instead.

firstly it was stupid of the daughter to leave the car in a drive through tiger enclosure. secondly she didn&#39;t die. the mother who left the car to save her daughter did.stupidity on the daughters part and who in the bloody world makes a drive through tiger enclosure

why the man unlocked the door? He suppose to stop his wife getting out of the car

did y&#39;all know that animals do not eat people ryt? they just kill em and live em. except if it is an animal that lives on water ..   lions, jackals hynes etc

He just wanted da Asian booty. No? Ok I&#39;ll stop.

stupidity of highest order

She didn&#39;t see Jurassic Park?

this is sad

what do you do in a situation like that (your wife being dragged by a apex predator) ?

shock
That guy got a 1 and a half ton steel monster, that can catch any animal on earth, and he get out of it

tiger&#39;s likeGIMME THAT
Some people are just so ignorant towards animals. The first girl must be spasticated to get out and someone died because of it.

What do you expect from Asians ?

Tggff*yyyygyhyyuyyyyuuyyuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuiuiiu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuiiuiiiiiu I you I uh huh iijjj+iiokiiiiiiiiijioo
chinese takeaway

Who from Paluten here xD
independent Lion
The best thing is: The woman who went out of the car first was just injured and the man who tried to save her killed

The best thing is: The woman who went out of the car first was just injured and the man who tried to save her killed

hahahaha ups
All she wanted was a MewTwo...

Why would she get out of the car to talk to someone who is right next to her it makes me  wonder if the car they were in was really special to extent that she couldn&#39;t talk to the man next to her.I&#39;m seriously trying to think of a good reason for her to think that having an argument with her husband in the same car as her mom is something so shameful that she needed to talk to him outside were there are wild animals but the only thing that comes to mind is that she plan it all. it was all for the money/house  they will inherit lol but on a serious note the whole thing is kinda rough. I wonder what I would do if I was in her situation ....

Haha xD
really morons
Mampooosssssss......

may the mother find peace for saving her child&#39;s life!may the daughter live righteous for the rest of hers!sad to think two innocent life forms got taken away by a human emotion.

I feel sorry for the second victim. But I don’t feel sorry for the first one. Darwin was right. The strongest survives. And it's not a matter of physical superiority. Because This woman had brains. And she sat in the car to stay alive.
How stupid do you have to be?

Chinese fire drill goes terribly wrong.

Sex
Dumb idiot why did she get off her car when on a wild safari. I don&#39;t blame the tiger... Bunch of dumb a*<b>*</b>

why is the tiger there,  he shut be releast,    well done tiger!!!  kille more

That Tiger is ISIS Terrorist 100%

You shouldnt get out of your car you ugly chicken

Uzs.
Natural selection in the works.

I don&#39;t know, in my opinion it looks a bit digital when she&#39;s dragged away. Does anyone agree or am I crazy?

can people stop insulting and calling chinese stupid? she DIED and all I see is <b>she&#39;s an idiot</b>. my condolence to the girl&#39;s family.

Couldn&#39;t they have seen that tiger when they came through and stopped before the lady hopped out of the car?

You know what&#39;s shocking even at 1080p this video looks 360p

shit tigers are strong. it grabbed and dragged her like a rag doll.

Her level of brain activity wasn&#39;t high enough to catch a CP400+ Arcanine.. dumb bitch

What CP had that arcanine?And..did she dieded?

What CP had that arcanine?And..did she dieded?

China is a shithole.

why is everyone making jokes about this ... what do u think happend after the video end&#39;s? Is she even alive at the moment? who know&#39;s. That&#39;s not funny at all

dragged*
How fucking dumb are these people to go out of there car in a wildlife park and when the woman was dregged away by a tiger her husband tried to go run after her and later a fucking kid! The people on the world this day man..

I&#39;m shocked she survived this long.

2 Lessons stand out here:1. That&#39;s why it&#39;s important to be aware of your surroundings.2. One act of disobedience has consequences. Consequences so severe that it could cost you your life.

Poor tiger..
hahaa.....

Did someone order Chinese food?

lol

100% muslim tiger!!!1112341!
She definitelly went out because she saw a dragonite

the tiger is just being a tiger and the woman is just being a human dumb.

0_0 What I just saw.
plz subscribe to my channel

holy shit

just stupid to leave the car...

Tiger be like gotta catch em all

Beska
don't bother bothering cats
I bet it&#39;s dead now
is she alive and fine?must be shocking for heri hope she is doing fine

don&#39;t be stupid, stupid!

The Tiger was like she Mine now bitch.

wow 03486272013

RAcist atttack that what some call it lol . rip

You Have all Right Here The Prouve Females ARE STUPIDE ! Sorry

Hb

is she survival? the uploader knows the truth

Mistake number 1, don&#39;t exit your vehicle. Mistake number 2, never turn your back against a big cat.

i kinda have a feeling that she got out to drive the car as she head straight to the driver&#39;s door

Follow my channel, I will post everything
did mister steal ya girl 
did the woman die? :3

Guys she was in a fight with her boyfriend so she got out. What the video didn&#39;t show is that her mother got out to help her and the tiger attacked her mother and she and her boyfriend survived, but sadly the mother passed away.

no hate i do have respect for them. but why would u leave Ur car thats stupid and dumb. use Ur brain

r.i.p

oh is it real??

Why the fuck were you having an argument in a wild life sanctuary? It&#39;s a place people go to as a leisure activity.

Tigers are cowards that only attack when an animal&#39;s back is turned. If she had been facing the tiger he wouldn&#39;t have had the guts to attack.

Stupid bitch put the lives of everyone in the car at risk.

subcribe me

natural selection at his best.

WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE BABY, YOU&#39;RE GONNA DIIIIEEEEEEEE

Toppe video,  good beeldquality end sound is toppie ;)

Tiger suffered dizziness and upset stomach afterwards.Woman had too much MSG.

sonu

wtf she went out of the car omfg is she blind or what

Humans are cool, we are born stupid, just so we can adapt better. Our memory reference capacity is a big part of our intelligence..Unfortunately this young lady did not learn have enough references.. and the natural selection put it to the test..

Thats when she realise she fuck up

this is why you need to go to pee before park...

why does the guy go help the tiger is stronger

unsubscribe

what brought her of the car in a wild park. for God sake

Why did she get out

People know not to open the car doors in a safari, let alone getting out! That&#39;s like waving a chicken drumstick in the air, don&#39;t tell me you wouldn&#39;t take it! You can&#39;t really blame anyone but the woman who got out of the car and then stood there like nothing would happen. Tiger sees dinner.

bang bang 
Don&#39;t feed the animals

Having argument so get out of car and say hi to tiger ( hopefully the tiger understands me ) 

why did she go out of the car??

dumbass bitch

tiger is allahu akbar

damn that tiger had Chinese food for lunch

the lesson..dont ever make argument with woman..

If you don’t seek death, you won’t die; if you seek death, you deserve to die.
God, God, God, and you
bet the tiger got killed afterwards too.. poor thing

What happened to the woman, where did the tiger take her?
good a chinise girl died

HOLY CRAP

Hope the tiger didn&#39;t die

Well, you're a fucking fool, you're a fool
Did they shoot the tiger?

and whats sad is that, the tiger was most probably given tranquilizers.

ail997ha

she didn&#39;t die. the second lady did

Car central locking system?  husband idiot?

OMFG! Tigers are strong as fuck, she looked like a dolly...

.... As the saying goes, ya can&#39;t fix stupid!!!!     That tiger made her look like a toy, it was huge!!!

There should be a sign warning visitors about the presence of predatory animals. In addition, why should it be placed in the middle of the road?!!!
A savage tiger, God forbid
aww, the tiger found someone 2 play..

Why? Why did that woman leave her car? Dumb doesn&#39;t cover it. I call her brainless.

fist the women are wrong , when u travels in forest kip safe dont nid to chenj of sit or whatevar

check out my youtube and subsribe plssssssssss

lol stupid ass! People have no common sense these days!

sexygirl

Are survived this lady

Steppin&#39; out of the damn car like boss coz that&#39;s what tiger moms do!

Humans are the ones who are at fault, animals can't be blamed for their stupidity, they have to bear the risk, hopefully it won't be like what happened in Africa in 1974, they were eaten alive.
Who told her to get her medicine out of the car?
Dumb assholes should not come to namibia!! they will get eaten by lions if they climb out their cars like they do

red car guy u are going to hell man,

o.o

did she die?
Natural selection. :)
it&#39;s sad to see the internet become filled with hate and laughter at something that is not funny but rather very serious

om what the heck

My father told me this end now i saw iT lol

good thing that she&#39;s dead, people that get out of the car in a place like that deserve to be mauled by a fucking tiger

Great !

haha nicee its tiger placee dude not urss people who do dis dey desrve dis result

Stupit..crazy

Go check IG: emanuelfrank
in Russian write that there?
Chinese girl 1 : How am i looking today?Chinese girl 2 : like me. 

Who likes about whores
Stupid people. I don&#39;t know why people go in their territory. They are not coming to your house, knocking on the door and behaving like goons. Mankind is the most pathetic species ever.

I hope the tiger is safe

lol

If that a nigga hell  be driving off and ditching the bitch, no point getting the rest of the squad injured, she&#39;s already gone

shame on management system

Fucked up)
Lol

Wow

Daaaaaaamn!

Thats what you get for locking these enemies between fences =D, btw I love hamburgers

The ease with which the Tiger nabbed her is just amazing. This is brute strength people !!

URE NOT SUPPOSE GO TO OUT U F*CKING IDIOT!

Tiger mmmmmmm picnic
this is y u leave ur wife at home gettin the picnic out in tiger enclosure  WHO DOES THAT?????????????????????????????????????????

A smart move from the husband but he should have stopped at an isolated place where there is no immediate help :D

Wow what a dumbass should have been quicker than that

<a href="">0:24</a> you can hear &quot;help&quot;

I&#39;d have said, fuck it, let the tiger eat her dumb ass...smh

if u look it kinda looks fake cause how would the tiger be able to drag a grown ass woman with ONE paw

dicks out

&quot;I FOUND A FUCKING ARCANINE&quot;

my GOD

it is too much we need to stop isis

vist my chanal

watch my channel for amazing videos

How would you feel knowing that if you had not distracted your mom she could have had a fighting chance to atleast run away to safety

Pretty sure this is why you&#39;re not supposed to get out of your car.

free food yummmm.

+1 for the felines in china. Payback for all the cats that are being skinned alive over there

DOG WTF?????

Part Time Job without Investment “NO REGISTRATION FEES” Earn daily  working    from your home. For more details/information write “JOIN” and Whatsapp us on This number-7020482727

Sometimes the Pokemon catches you.

is she ok

I think this is funny not shocking. How could you so stupid to get out of a car in a wl park

Horrible place to play the Chinese Firedrill game.

Subscribe me  i will subscribe you within an hour.. Comment down done...

You want the tiger to eat me.. The tiger eats me... My browner meat!!.. You want the tiger to eat me.. The tiger eats me!.... Ozu
RIP

what was she doin??

CNN please stop, to make it more clickbait you could have used &quot;gone wrong&quot; at the end

This is the feeling of a teacher. The anonymous teacher protested against AP Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu's extravagance through his message. The teacher shared a message on social media detailing the amount of money the Chief Minister was spending on his own facilities and for the uproar, saying that he did not have the funds to pay the DA. Now this is the post which is being shared immensely on the internet. This is the message sent by a teacher: "The Chief Minister of Castle Lee sent out to the poor state, in tattered clothes" - So far, Babu's government has spent more than 4000 crores... If they have been spent properly, the center would have Be free from work to be done at. Babu's waste of central funds is some of the expenses ► The cost of taking the oath...Rs 50 crores ► Water Rs 150 crores ► To repair the house in Hyderabad Rs. 20 crores ► The cost of remodeling the secretariat which is going to be vacated is Rs. 20 crores ► Convoys in 3 places combined ..... Rs. 30 crores ► Bejawada Comp Office ...................Rs. 20 crore ► for a new bus costing Rs. 5 Crore ► A house in Bejawada ..........Rs. 5 crores ► Roads to the house, current....Rs. 22 crores ► Chandranna Sankranti .. Rs.350 crores ► Chandranna Ramzan was blown .. Rs.50 crores ► Pattiseema looted money ..Rs. 1350 crores ► for the shooting of a movie called Pushkaralu... Rs. 250 crores ► special flights, foreign countries were reduced to ashes .. Rs. 75 crores ► Amaravati Puja (Bhumi Puja) Rs. Rs. 400 crores ► Sankalpa Sabha called to scold KCR ....Rs. 50 crores ► For a plane to call KCR home for Amaravati invitation..Rs. 1 Crore ► And meetings, meetings, Rythu Kshetra....Rs. 100 crores of intellectuals, democrats, media brothers, employees, teachers' associations should answer this. Does DA mean funds for teachers? No funds for Ariers? In the name of saving, 2000 schools have been closed. Another 3000 schools are set to be closed. 15000 teaching posts have been canceled. How will the remaining unemployment in Andhra Pradesh be solved?
oh no

Wow. That was scary af.

what a idiot for getting out the car thats Darwinism at work

Subscribe = subscribe :)

is nobody gonna say its fake!? what is wrong with you people,  this   is the internet

Millions of China people eat tigers and it&#39;s a normal thing, but one tiger ate a China person and it&#39;s a huge thing... Hmm

Women..
good job tiger please eat her ASAP or else humans will kill u to retrieve her.

it so shocked

arundati roy on kashmir
cant care about this, just do not go out of the fucking car fucking idiot djeez

Why is there a drive through tiger enclosure? That seems like a bad idea for multiple reasons.

shit I laughed. Guess who&#39;s going to hell.

I bet these fucking idiots were TOLD not to get out of their car in the zoo drive through and still did because they&#39;re idiots.I&#39;m glad they got attacked, Learn a lesson from this.

I bet they were mistaken that the tiger was a Pokemon

tiger found human Pokemon
How do you want ? Two crazy people.
oooh how stupid she was!  looks like she was arguing with her hubby and came other side to tell him off. Istant carma on duty.

self caused.
Why would the tiger eat veggies?

Why the fuck did she leave the car

rest in peace :(

Feel pitty about whole family. God bless them.

it&#39;s terrible

so she died or not

This happens when try to be smart in front of other people in tiger region

Why the hell did they think it was a good idea to get out the car? It&#39;s a wildlife park!

And they shot the beautiful tiger probs 

i like

Omg guys tigers are part of a peaceful religion don&#39;t label all tigers as predators

darwinism in action

hahaha

Brings new meaning to the term &quot;tiger mum&quot;

looks fake to me

Ellen is gonna give her... Oh, nvm

wow 
Ammu.9986119556

Just another day nature getting rid of idiots.

i m begger angel mankinds angel my heart is like a rose man kinds angel
REKT

There&#39;s a very thin line between bravery and stupidity. Know the difference.

Why did she turn her back you shoukd never turn your back on big cats it triggers their hunting instincts

Why the hell did she get out of the car in a wildlife park ?? does she think the food chain is for fun ??

@<a href="">0:24</a> He was thinking.. Do i try to save my wife and fucked up or get back in the car?

no zuo no die why she try?no offence.but its obvious ridiculous getting out of her car in a wild zoo since the reason she did that is she wanna drive instead of her husband.

Takes Chinese takeaway to a whole new level

Stupid woman, and the red car is also stupid for not honking the horn and driving forward when they saw the tiger creeping up on her

dicks out for whoever that tiger is

FUCK CHINA  !!!

you can tell the ladie is dumb as fuck by hey body expressions

Dumb as lady! I don&#39;t feel that bad for her. It&#39;s her fault. I hope she has nightmares over and over about this since her mother died trying to help her. Throw her in jail for murder basically. That&#39;s what it was. Well, maybe not murder but y&#39;know.

she might as well have mistaked the tiger for a Pokemon

I go to a zoo AND THIS HAPPENS...
I bet the girl is going to blame the guy for making her angry.

Disobey the rules... these parks say to stay in your car for a reason..

Hope she learned her lesson. The one who got grabbed didn&#39;t die. The one who went after the tiger (her mom) did...

Why she got off ?

why is everyone talking about poke mon go this is real not fucking a game

I guess she lost face in more ways than one.

The best of luck with it for me to get to know what I do is get a follow from you in 

The guys who rush to help her are amazing. Not a lot of people would do that even if it was your mother.

This is FUCKING fun. A poor girl.
But why the fuck get out of the car in a wildlife parc?

a braindead ded
GO GO GO GO GO ENTEI

Glory be to God Almighty
white people be like: &quot; i hope the tiger is ok!! &quot;

why TF would she get out the car.

fucking idiot going out of the car

hilarious
OMFG!!!!

wat  a bad luck

what can i say. China&#39;s instruction manual is always not clear

Now this is my kind of porn!

How smart is she?

she&#39;s dead?!?!?!
It is better to let her cover her age
Chinese wont read the warning signs

A lion attacks AND THIS HAPPENS!!
I thought chinese were smart...

Tigers are territorial species, so stay to in the car when ur in its territory unless u want to become their meal! this was a horrible and stupid mistake! Totally avoidable! U can&#39;t be ignorant of the dangers around and turn ur back like that

i have one question why the fuck did they stop in midle of road and got out of car?

So sad : (

Well, don't give a fuck.
I hope the cops don&#39;t miss and shoot her instead or mistake her mangled hand for a pistol..

Did she die??????
THIS HAS!?!?!??!?!!?!??
11 LUMES VIEWS!??!?!??!?!?!?
Nom! Nom! Nom!

Shiva twd &lt;3

Non believers be like: Don&#39;t believe this! This is just what the media wants you to believe it&#39;s fake.

Please tell she isn&#39;t dead? Please answer 

In our daily life, we have time to get upset about the smallest of things ... this video proves how nothing we are in nature, forget about our small luxury problems

I hope they didn&#39;t kill that tiger, animals shouldn&#39;t die for being animals

tigers lives matter
lolololololol

Out of the car and into to the food chain.

The fuck? Why did she get out just to talk to the driver? A fight?

that tiget attacked some dumbass tourist who should have stayed in her car, but then again we are human. Lets just fucking destroy all tigers now :)

What's up? I didn't cache anything.
real aa
Sometimes, it's better to think twice before doing something. I call this prudence.
Somebody&#39;s a dumbass

she deserve it why the f** she get out of the car

The only shocking thing here is the human stupidity...

Tiger used bite it was super effective.

Oh my  god
PUT THEM IN ISIS HEAD QUATERS! BLOOOOOD THIRRRRRSSSTYYYYY

No MSG!

Dumb ways to dieee!!!

Mmmm, human chow mein :DSo many companies cheating with their YT views these days though. Just google <b>buy wiselikes</b> and see for yourself.

HARD

What is the car in the video?

darwin therory :- strongest will survive here ........

Dicks out for Tygi the tiger

Hey..the tiger was in the mood for some Chinese takeaway.

And her mom died saving the bitch...WTF?

Lol

Shouldn&#39;t the animals be in habitats

Stupid idiot woman ... I hope the tiger was not destroyed

WOW

Well, that`s one way to get rid of the wife.. :/

v

follow me
dicks out for harambe

and somehow it will be the tiger fault

damn that pokemon she was trying to catch must have been an really rare pokemon..

Height of stupidity.

insane bitch
It's normal, the cat caught the Pokemon (shu)! I hope she survived.
Wow, why would the lion attack her? The lion should be put down....

what the fuck?
Behind the zone 
This is why I only eat at McDonald&#39;s drive thrus.

mom of the year tho

Really stupid to do itHow Is she,,, okay or ?????###?

that a dumb ass chick wtf u think gonna happen

Three people out the car Jesus

Unfortunantley that stupid bitch didn&#39;t died, the one who died was her mother (The 2nd woman)

Wtf was that lady even doing

only woman can get triggered enough to step out of a car because of an argument just to make their point xd

OMG!!!!

1 extremely dumb person.
