i Love tiger ️️️
I love you ananya
Ananya is the best

ananya is cutest actor ever tiger looks good with ananya

Go and subscribe pls

I love you tiger
whe love you tiger shroff im frome algerian 

Bhai kisko fever h soty 2 ka. What the fuck !!!

Super Tiger Shroff and Ananya Pandey

It's raining pandey
Superflop of the year 2 

Have you ever become as crazy about God as you are about your heroes?
I was there on that time

Love the movie  good movie and good job

you are boss
Are you waiting to see these people?
Love you

Friend, the crowd is not saying anything.
Best anu love so much and film so nice yar anu....best jodi

SOTY 2 = waste of time + madness overload...I bet the people after watching the film would be in ICU right now 

Tara fans like
cancel ur ticket
Ananya is too good.....

Love you tiger shroff
i watched this movie 3000 times

Love tigger

Love you tiger sir
EAST OR WEST TIGER SHROFF IS BEST LOVE FROM KERALA

<a href="">#DharmaProductions</a> come in goa also for student tour please please we all fans of goa are waiting for them to come

Very Nice Movie Brillant

Tara looking pretty..
We Liked it Tiger! Awesome!  

Pune mein kidhar hua tha?

Plz upload more video
Tiger my best hero
Next Kharghar please Navi Mumbai please please please please

There was a lot of noise, tiger bhaiya.
Arre wah...Tiger is already Healed from his injury

I was also there but camera didn&#39;t show me

Subscribed
Tiger is awesome 

Annie ;)
Soty is poty

Nice video 
Tara sutaria you are trending here in Korea and Mizoram. Ill always support u and btw you look like liza soberano or Nancy Momoland

Are they coming chandrapur

nc

Ananyaaa
Mast Movie

First please dharma production plzz give me a like plzz bcz i have seen this movie and a reply from karan sir or tiger uncle or ananya didi and tiger fans like me or support meeeeee plzzzzzz

Tiger is real hero

Please help me Mera support kariye youTube pe mera channel hsi isko jaroor subscribe kare

Flop movie soty me varun alia or sid he best hai

16Th comment

Are you A Fan Of tiger Shrofffthen hit  A Like
All are 1st viewers and commenters too....
Bkwas movie hai soty2...

Tiger Shroff beautiful actor
How many of have watched soty 2 or is going to watch it tomorrow??

First view First like

Super tour

The movie is awesome and I watched it 29 times 

Tiger is a real hero!!!

First viewed

First I am harishtigershroff
Good

<b>TIGER fans...</b>
