Tell your school/college teachers to include awareness programs in their curriculum. WE ARE THE CHANGE THIS COUNTRY NEEDS. Share this video.

Every parent is worried if their daughter is safe outside, but does anybody think if their son is making someone feel safe?

BB- A true gentleman 

I think before school ....home is the best place (comfortable and trustworthy )for the sexual awareness- Behaviour of father with mother, sisters and women , father must start teaching boys how to behave and be the best example for their kids rather than spreading alpha male intentions to tackle society, coz mother till her last breath teaches her daughter positively ( even when not required, coz its inbuilt) . We are a part of society - can&#39;t blame society everytime and washing hands off ...

financial education and sex education is a lack in indian schools and colleges

100 chuhe khakar billi haj ko chali

golden era times of bb ki vines wait krte the episodes ke liye

This is really a biggest problem in our society, but no one to talk . We all want to a step ahead on this or spread awareness in our.

2024

best side of Bhuvan sir  this video is more important to see than tik Tok or Instagram

Everything is right but at <a href="">2:30</a> You talk about Bollywood actress this sexual and rapist mentality among youth is the inspiration from Bollywood only these Bollywood actress actors are only responsible for this mentality in indian youth

Iss country har jagah betiyo ki baatein hoti hain par ladko ka pata nahi kya hoga un ke baare mein koi baat tak nahi karta

You are great

makes no sense, do some research before making vines on sensitive topics

when you said yaha prove hua fatak se fasi was setisfaction

Galat soch ki wajah se rape hote, bhai aap great ho hashi majak me bhi aap society ko bohut kuch sikha dete ho, you are great bro

Perfect 

Best vd on youtube ever 

Hamare yaha toh ladkiya chedne pe Mahabharat aur Lanka Dahan karne ki pratha thi

In 2023 the situation is fully changed

Umar dekh ke balatkar hote hai ye sunke dimaag hil gayaa, Bahut shandar BB ji



&quot; Thik hai &quot; Invented 4 years Ago by BB 

Bro i realy salute your thinking

the clarity and accuracy in this video is really what the world needs.

Chotte kapde is the main answer

bhai duniya badal gayi hai bhai, rape case jayaz hai magar ab problem yeh hai ki kuch ladkiyan/ auratein mardon/ladkon par fake rape cases daal dete hai, jisse unki puri jindagi barbaad ho jaati hai aur unn ladkiyon ko hero banaya jaat hai, problem yeh hai ki hamne socha hai ki rape sirf ek mard hi kar sakta, lekin sacchayi yeh hai ki auratein aur kinnar bhi rape karte hai. inn fake rape cases ke wajah se real rape victims badnaam hote hai.

Bilkul galat ek side ki baat ho rahi hai ladkio ka bhi barabar dosh hai unhe bhi fansi do jo aurat kisi ko galat fasati hain unhe kadi kadi sajja do har admi galat nahi hota



First video of bb , i doesn&#39;t laugh

Der Hi Sahi  Lekin Aisa Ek Din Aayega Jb Darr Ghar Me or Ladkiya Bahar Safe Rahege.

Omg 2 ka concept bb ne 3 Saal pehle le Aya tha

ভুল মেসেজ দিচ্ছেন,পশ্চিমাদের মত হয়ে নিজের cool ভাবা মেয়েরাই র‍্যাপ এর শিকার হয় বা তাদের জন্য র‍্যাপ হয়, যাদের অনুসরণ করে সভ্য সমাজ গড়তে চান তাদের গিয়ে দেখন তাদের দেশে প্রতি সেকেন্ড কত জন মেয়ে র‍্যাপ এর শিকার হয়, আর কয়টা মেয়ে বিয়ের আগে কতবার সেক্স করে কত গুলা পার্টনার চেঞ্জ করে, মেয়েদের রাতের বেলায় বাইরে বের হলে রেপ হয় না কোন দেশে ভাই? আর ছোট কাপড় পরলেই রেপ হয়, আর তা না হলেও তার জন্য অন্যে কারো ওপর, কিভাবে? তাকে দেখে seduced হয়ে তাকে না পেয়ে অন্যে কাউকে rap করে, সেটা হোক বাচ্চা বা প্রতিবন্ধী, মেয়ে হলেই হলো,  এটা অনেকটা চোখ বন্ধ করে স্ত্রীকে অন্য নায়কা ভেবে সেক্স করার মত,

&quot;Umar dekhkar blatkar hota hai&quot;Its a true line

भाई आपकी बात से बिल्कुल सहमत है बिल्कुल अपने रियल बात बताई है

Glti sabki hei  50 hajar ka phone  dila denge lekin 20.hajar ka tamancha nhi dilaenge jarurat ke liye 

This is defintion of a good influencer Moral education is seriously required to bring a change in this world!Splendid video Bhuvan 

Yar larkio k leya to bohut strong hai larko k leya kya hai

Idhar guilty sabit udhar faasi is a good thing, but main problem arises when a girl falsely accuses a man and he gets the wrong judgment, i have been a victim of this that&#39;s why no matter how many cases arise, I will not be able to support the quick judgement method

bb hme aapse yahi umeed thi . you raised a very good question

very goood video

Bhuvan dimagh khisak giya hay kia tera. Kuch bhi bakwaas Kari ja Raha hay. Ghalat cheezain promote kar Raha hay.

Masha allah 

Bhai just watch this video again after years and u made me emotional man just superb yaar

For bhuvan bam this video title-My DutyFor Banchoddas- Meri duty bennchoFor Sameer fuddi-Oh yeahh, my beauty

Ye kya chutiyapanti h maritial rape  agar pati jabardasti sex kare aur patni na karna chahe to wo rape aur patni jabardasti sex karna chahe aur pati na kare to wo hijda aisa bhedbhaw kyu

Dost ka naam Bencho hai, irony

Beware this channel is addictive

Being a girl I felt respect fr bb  at least someone think about it 

Thank you so much for sending this massage. I am a girl too , a teenager.I have always been taught to protect myself and stay away from dark places since I was just a child .The constant fear of men in public or in general hunts me or any other women . Even in broad daylight we fear to stand alone in some places.I do not know when this nasty thing will end but I hope every women stays safe and learns how to protect herself.

Why you’re not talking about false rape cases

Until the government takes strict action against immoral education, the youth will remain at risk.

Aap titu mama ki jitni video dalo km h  Kyo ki sb super se uper hota h 

Jo ajj movies bollywood dika rhi hai uska information aur awareness bhuvan ne teen saal phele hi kr diya tha

WHAT ABOUT ALL LAWS AGAINST MAN

RAPE IS BECAUSE OF LUST . LUST IS BECAUSE OF PORN , MOVIES, ITEM SONGS, REPRESENT GIRL AS SEX OBJECT 

WHAT ABOUT SAVE MAN , FROM FAKE RAPE CASES

<a href="">5:06</a> Eh hamare school me kiya tha. Both boys and girls dono ko bola tha.

The difference between a creator and a YouTuber. Not just creating content but showing people their responsibility towards their nation .

️

Iam with you

Bhuvan bhaiya makes us laugh but he also gives education...... Salute to u

My sister is to late 

Nice video 

Salute to your point of view

️️

Those girl&#39;s who are still facing these problems what about those.....Aaj bhi tuition&#39;s se agarr ghrr late aati hai ldkiya to shak kiya jata haii.....

these situations are so true even after 4 yrs yr

Hello

The main reason of rape is not wearing short dress.. it&#39;s because the lust of human... I mean males... It&#39;s my promise...to every girls my sister.. one day i will end this . I don&#39;t know how I will do .. but i will .. it&#39;s my promise.. 



This is the best way to use your popularity

 brilliant

<a href="">1:16</a>

Hatts off to u bro

I am ashamed of my society because this video is still valid after all these years...

Jiss din baap apne bete se Sawal karega ki&quot; kaha thaa itne raat ko &quot; aur beto pe rook lgege uss din desh badlega.

Nice video and good message, the content is quit unique given the &quot;&#39;bb ki vines&#39;&quot; contents..But what is interesting to note is why Sameer is missing . U guys r trying to give a good message where you are the guys who have characters whose sole purpose is quit opposite alway turned on and one thing in his mind..And infact one of your character name is &#39;&#39;bancho&#39;&#39; what a satire..truly you guys are Great.

Omg2 ke baad yahi aaya

So the moral is &quot;kaamvasna&quot;(lust) hmesha vinash ki taraf le jaati hai jitna ho sake bacho....

Dharm aur politics ke chakkr me log andhe ho gaye hai rapist ka sath de rahe hai

Apne India me chutiyo aur rapist soch walo ki kami nahi hai sale apne dharm ka dikha to ye rape nhi kar sakta. Usk naam chupayenge. Politician ,aur (sab religion ke dhongi babas) unki kitni bhi mare bhi wo kitne bhi rape kare par unko manenge. Fir kitne bhi case bane. Jo  dharm dekh rapist ko kuch nahi bolte unke ghar koi unke ladki ko chede maa ko chede fir samjega. Sale rapist ka sath dene wale ko bhi marna chahiye. 

OMG 2 movie ne yhi se Li h lagta h   Bhuvan way beyond

True this has to stop

Bhai 3 saal hogye video ko but abhi bhi hmara system wahi h, koi changes ni hue. Bs hope h sayd kbhi to hoga or sex education taboo nai rhega.

Ab hame mombati jalane wala nahi , lanka jalane wala banna hoga 

Hello

Bhai just ek sawal hai mera...koi v galat mat sochna logical Question hai..Aisa bohot baar hua hai ki mene apni gf ko fex k liye bola or usne mana kiya or mene ek ache insan ki tarah uski baat ko agree kiya..But ek din jab usne mujhe fex k liye bola to mene mana kiya or wo kisi or k sath so gai..Or ab meri jo new gf hai usko mene sex  k liye bola to usne v mana kiya iska matlab abto me pese dekar fex krne jaa skta hu na ya ab v me hi bura rahunga???

️ !!

Ladke hamesha galt hai chahe kuch bhi ho jaye ladko ki galti hai

ghanta chote kapde western culture hai india ka ni aur chote kapdo ki vajh se hi 90% rape hote hai pura nagapan ka dhanda kr rakha hai





He deserves so so so much more

Bhuvan sir ki yeh baat achhi hai majak pe majak aur serious ho to yeh baat love you brother ️ proud of you bhuvan️maan gaye aaj

better than bollywood it also give right information

I love this video 

Ur right titu mama Agar unn option me ek bhi choose Kara voh ek rapist jaisa mindset rakhta hai Kuch families me boys ko jaldi ghar aane ko bolte hai bcuz aaj ka zamana kisi ke liye safe nhi...Parents aadhe se jyada time bhi apne baachon ke liye bhi preshan rehte hai agar unke baache bahr hote hai toh 





This Man is just

u won my heart bhuvan bam

Bhai vese idea achi hai aapki school me sabko awareness sikhane ki

my respect for this man

Who watching this 2023 

Great video 

India me har 15 minute me rape hote hai yhi soch ke dar lgta hai ki mtlb kitne logo ki soch rapist jesi hai

निःशब्द.......



I played this video in the auditorium of my school on 17/22 and since then sex education has been made compulsory from class 6 to 12.Thanks bb for spreading such awareness 

Amazing message in video

Hi BB, I am a student of 9th class, I know I have not much or have zero experience about the world, but the opinions I hear in my house about these topics always says that there is the fault of the girl, infact my own mother doesn&#39;t support the girl and have a mindset that the boys are like that only, and the girl should be alerted... Even in the nirbhaya case my family was like the girl should have not gone out of her house with her frnd ( and they also had an issue regarding with the gender of her friend as he was male and they have this mentality that a girl should not have any male friends)... Actually what i am trying to say is many of the parents of us ( our generation) support the girls and point out the boy&#39;s fault but still there are some people like my family who always point out the girls... This is also one of many reasons that I can&#39;t share a single thing about my life or my personal things with my parents... Even when I want to talk to them about this topic and when they hear my opinions they are always like I am saying something very wrong or I am doing a sin saying that... Why always we girls should compromise with our independence, happiness and feelings? Why always a rape survivor is questioned and has the fear of their and their family&#39;s disreputableness?? Why the society does not question the rapist??? When will we get our independence in true sense????THANKYOU BB FOR RISING THIS AWARENESS ️️

Asif is also pycho rapist

Message spread hone se kuch nahi hoga.....public ko kanoon hath mein lena hoga....90% rapes cities mein hote hai kyuki waha ke log machhar hai....village mein jakar dekho....koi rape karega na to waha gao ke log hi usko upar pohcha dete hai....kanoon ka intezaar nahi karte

Love you every person in our country have such mentality

proud of you bb , Indian law is strong but corruption is the root cause of the lossening the power of the law

BB ki pehli video Jo Maine earphone nikal ke suni..



 girls power

Aise sensitive topic ko v itne khoobsurat tareeke se represent kiya h sir ... Hope people Twitter k hashtag se nikal k at least 50% reality p focus krein 

Do not teach about three law of Newton teach us about sex education

Proud to be Indian ️ Respect All religions 

In <a href="">4:35</a> I knew from my young age but think I am more spoiled instead of getting smart so knowing thing in maturity time is best

Itni security hone ke baad bhi Aaj ladkiyan safe nhi hai

You are too good i really want this video

Come to Mumbai everyone safe

This is not your duty this is our duty



Fool mala se swagat bhi hota hai aaj kl mithai bhi bati jati hai

Har bhai har baar Sirf yahi sochta hai ki Uski behen aaj shopping ke liye dosto ke saath gyi toh hai PAR KYA VO SAFELY VAPAS AAEGI



Why scientist test vaccine and new medicine on small creatures when we have rappers and murders just wandering around

Ajkal to koi nahi doodh ka dhula hai jitna kamina koi rapist hai   utni he kamini koi aisi aurat hogi jo apne mard ke saath khel karti hogi to bhai mere equality ya to dono ki hai nahi to ladkiyo ko badhawa dene ke chakkar me jinhe sahi me jaroorat hai unka kuch nahi hota ulta beech me jo kamini aurte hoti hain wo fayeda uthati hai

Facts broooo! 



Good message BB

Video like these needs to be forwarded cuz people in the family don&#39;t even wanna talk abt these things like one time I was having my periods I was in my mama&#39;s house my mama have 2 kids one boy and one girl both are of same age (they are twins) I was 16 at that time and they were 15 the girl( my cousin sister) was also suffering from periods I forgot my pads at home I asked my sister for pads she asked her mother where the pads were and she told us that they were in the room where my cousin brother was playing video games this incident happened at night so I asked her it doesn&#39;t matter we can get the pads from that room and she was like no no he is playing video games over there and I said mami that doesn&#39;t matter IT&#39;S JUST PERIODS she literally said these words &quot; tuje pata hona chaiye tha tere periods kab aate h or pad leke aana chaiye tha vo to bacha h vo to puchega hi na &quot; and I said mami vo 15 years ka h he should be aware abt these things its basic knowledge and then she said he doesn&#39;t suffer from periods so it doesn&#39;t matter if he is educated abt it or not and I just said that usko nhi hota to kya uski bheno ko hota h uski class ki har ladki ko hota uski ma ko hota h in future uski wife ko bhi hoga uski beti ko hoga kya tab bhi vo Aisa hi karega and then she realised her mistake and I was the one who taught my cousin abt periods ( actually that cousin was close to me ) and he understood now whenever I tell him meko periods ho raha h he is the one who buys me chocolate  so I think periods and sex education are really important schools m bhi periods ki baat hoti h to bas ladkiyon se hoti h or ladke bhar rehte h is this right ? Hmari class m 10 class tak aadhe ladko ko pads ka mtlb nhi pata tha they thought wo diaper h and they got to know by social media what are periods. Hm bacho ko Pythagoras theorem to padha dete h par basic knowledge Dena bhool jate h agr har ladka kisi ladki ko chedne se phele ye soche ki agar us ladki ki jagah uski bhen hoti to kya vo Aisa hi karta . Then this world would be a better place to live 

After this I’m encouraged to submit a report to my school site to teach moral education and to teach boys and girls equally

3 tenno reason

Last line padhke goosebump aa gaya yaar.. We really have to fix this problem from root..

Thank you brother BB. More influencers like you must create such content. I am proud that a human being like you exists. All your videos must spread. 

Isliye porn nahi dekhna chahiye. Kai baar iske karan demaag mei asar hata hai

You show the sad reality of the society

Zina or badkari ki sirf aik saza ha Rajab (killing by throwing stones on rabeist)agar in chizon ko am kar dya jy tu asa na ho

betiyon se sawal karne ke bajaye apne beton se sawal karo ki itni raat ko kaha ja rahe ho ya itni raat ko kaha se aa rahe ho ? kaise dost bana rakhe hain ? etc

Sharm aati hai, Aise soch ke log hamare hi beech me rehte hai. . Jab school me reproduction padhaya jata tha to sab alag hi react karte the. Sex education should be provided.School me ladka ladki sath me nhi baith sakte yeh kya hota hai bhai .

True Knowledge



Bro hats off really proud I watched you

Sir Hashtags karna hoto chhatrapati shivaji maharaj ka kayde hashtag karana chaiye sir

Jo ladko ka sath ho raha hai uspa bhi video banado , saalo bas. Subscribers aur views chahiya ladkiyo ka naam par

My sister is 12 years old but even people of30 years watch her i don’t know but also in comment section thier can be any repest



bhai jo app ise apne duty manke kar rahe hona ye actually duty hai every citizen of India ka APNE JO ISKO APNA DUTY SAMJHA HAI APKE LIYE SALUTE BHAI

Love you vai 

Cccjrass ok ok 5cfhhhhhggggggggk gg ok to me that I am hindu i support every day to all app all the to do it to you dear kavya shastra chanakya niti Sen and khushi se hi ho tari snap jpg to the to do it to you dear kavya shastra ok to me c ok to be a great c ok to go to you dear you dear to lord you ok for your help in getting the most of time in a hindu ho to the same h na

Sharam aani chahiye yrr itni informative video banane pr bhi views subscribers se bhi kam h.   Kam se kam subscribers ko to dekhni chahiye

Sale khud itna vulgar bolta haiuss totle ki tarahaur abhi gyan de raha hai!Tu pahele te aadat sudhar lemanoranjan ki hadh hoti he.Ab te mat bolna ki tum video dekhna bandh kar do

Thanks is bare mein baat krne ke lie 



Lack of sex education in India too. Many schools teachers are not teaching private parts subjects in science, which is essential for biology and further study.

Bhai m aaj pheli bar kisi ki video p comment kr rha hu bhai you are doing very best God bless you

The things he said and as he portrayed these facts and informations throughout the video is just amazing. People need moral education in India specially besides education. Faxx. Each line was a matter of fact

titu mama is more mature than so called &quot;modern people &quot;



Pta hai hmare college me toh hmne bola bhi tha hmare college valo ko ki sex education par bhi ek seminar hona chahiye par pr unhone mna kar diya kyuki unko sharam aa rhi thi vo keh rhe the ki ham kese principal sir or baki HODs k samne ye krvay sach bolu toh bhut sare college or school vale chutiya hote h jbhi ye sab bad rha h

Man he is so articulate  best content creator



Kanoon to hai lekin majboot nahi hai 

Ye sab un ladkio ki wajah se hota h jo 1 ki jagah 25 ladko ko ghumati h

Ladkiyan hi kyu self defence sikhe ladko ko kyu nhi hygiene ke bare mein kyu nhi sikhate 

Suar ke aulaad hote hein rapist .



WÉ HÀVE

Respect Girls ️

Hatts of You BB sir  ️

Truth: not every Parents watch BB ki vines 

Hat&#39;s off bro



Thank you BB 



Best Dialog Forever - Hum he Jimmedaar hai isme 

Salute to this man and his thinking. Hope this video helps to change thinking of that people.

The moral eduction is very important as Titu Mama said

Ye Video Aj Ke Date Main Upload Hua To Half Janta To Offend Ho Gayga

Hats off to bb

Great job, be like a indian 

Thanks for this video.will genuinely share it

Salute thie men ️

it is our duty

From Today we all should take a pledge of any kind of harassament , violance like domestic violence , mental violence or other , Rape casses we won&#39;t stand or just see Beti Bachao now

WE ARE THE CHANGE THIS COUNTRY NEEDS

Baat sirf soch ki hai jiski jo marji pahne ap apni soch achi rakho

The silence speaks so much after he says &quot;Umar dekhkar balatkar hote h&quot; kudos to you bb. Shows that he was raised right fr

Nice video

Great awareness is here..

What I think  that there is no difference between increasing rate population and increasing rate of rape case.What is your point about this ??

You are the best youtuber Or a content creator I have ever seen...... This video gave a big lesson to everyone watching this video.... Thank you

Ye bhi un logo me se hai Jo dusro ko gyan baatte hai  lekin khud paise kamane k liye or famous hone k liye br br vedio me Behan chod or madarchod Bolte hai baapchod or bhaichod kyu nhi Bolte ab bhi sirf esliye vedio bnayi hai taki jayada se jayada log dekhe or es haram k lode ko subscribe kare taki khub paisa kamaye or jayada se jayada famous ho Jaye....Tu sach me baapchod hai or Haan bhaichod bhi wo bhi sirf tera Bhai or tera hi baap ok

faasi agar andheri kothi mai hone ke bajay beech chorahe par live stream ho toh sayad rape ki planning krne walo ki rooh kaap  jayi itni boori maut honi chahiye.

It&#39;s really true !!!

Proud to be a BB Fan ️



Every one must see and must get inspired from this video

Wah mst

U r the versatile men

U r great 

My respect for you 

Bhuvan bam is a good brother, good father, good son for his family

good nothing

All  mans r not dirty

️

there r bad apples everywhere but we shud try to forget bout it and take the good examples to know than kindness and humanity still exists.

Salute hai sir aapko

जयश्रीराम बेहतरीन

proud of you BB!!

My no bro our duty it&#39;s not for one single person it&#39;s for the society

Good yaar , need in Pakistan. Lobe u

Great work 🇵🇰

Kya bolte ho

Puccchaa titu mama Agr ladkai chote kapde phenhi na to ladke kya zyat bal dekh payenge

A great message a step socity .

कुलदीप सिंह सेंगर बीजेपी यूपी बिगेस्ट रेपिस्ट

You go man!

A message from bb ️

Outstanding sir bohot sahi bola aapne

Best yar....Love You From Deep Inside Of My Heart..

Bb ki vines 1 day talking about duty and in 364 day doing some rape style drama

I&#39;m Crying I Love You Bhuvan 



Nice content bb.

Best video ever best use of your skills

truth words 

Sir you are big supporter

Mujhe nahi pata ki kitne log meri is baat pe agree karne par sach toh ye hai ki rape ki news aani band ho gayi hain. Bas itna bataao last India me last kab rape ka case hoa tha



️️️️️️️

This is reson i like bbk

Bhuvan bhai kal ko baghwaan kre tumhaari ladki hui aur yahi sab uske saath ho to mujhe btao ye gyaan pelego ya maahol ko sahi btao ge...???

Absolutely  ryt.......



bb&gt; today&#39;s controversial news

&quot;We&#39;re The Change The World&#39;s Needed&quot;..For This &quot;We&#39;ve To Begin The Charity Frm Our Homes&quot;&quot;We Should Educated Our Boyz EQUALLY AS A PROTECTOR TO THE OTHER GENDER WHO&#39;S NATURALLY WEAKER THAN THEM&quot; More Than We Teaches Our Grlz &quot;How To Protect Themselves&quot;..️ Keep Going With Those Moral &amp; Burning-Up Issues-Mentalities Of The Social Nasty Norms-Criteria &amp; Criticism/Difference Btwn The Genders Continuing Frm Decades To Decades..You&#39;re Jst Doing Ur Best Mann

sad to see this video has less view than other bb videos! This is a awareness video, should be shared more n more!

Every point expressed in this video is golden... Wish we all have the sainaty to respect and respond in a socially and morally righteous way with everyone..

Your my hero sir 

In our society evryone knows everything about rape sex educationbut they were afraid and shy stop being shy do some strict action against this spread awareness between tennagers

lol

You are right bhuban bhai ️



When I was in school teacher skips the biology chapters because of lack of moral education 

<a href="">3:50</a> मुलायम सिंह यादव ने कहा था कि लड़के है गलती हो जाती है

Chote peheney ki wajhey se Ye sahi hai bahar desh kisi or desh ko dekh ke usko apnana jaroori nahi ek sharee suit pant shirt t shirts is ok But uss se bhi chote clothes wo galat hai Or ussme hamari soch kahi rapist jasi ya wali nahi hai So fix your thinking little bitLarfkio bhi sochna chahiye

And that&#39;s not my duty that&#39;s our duty

Aaj ake ladka ho te hu ve surme aa rhi he

Yar dost insan ka apna emaan hona chaiheya kise larke ka rape Karne say pahle ye soch na ke agar ajj ap kise ke sister Kay Sath galat karo gay to ap Kay Ghar may bhe aik sister ha

This video is real.. But some conditions the girl should obey..



This man is gem 

Who is watching this masterpiece in 2023.

In a world full of misogynistic youtubers, Bhuvan,u r the breath of fresh air :&#39;)  ur daughter would be luckiest

Bhai aankhen khol di

Think!  What would have SaMeer  pick from those 3 Options

Best of BB video i have ever seen ️️️

Agreed But what about rape of men 

Sir Aap please Acid Attacks ke topic pe video banaye sir please

But school main ye sab bone se phele hamari hi halat kharab ho jati hain

Once one of my frnds chose this topic to speak on her speech competition but she was humiliated and scolded by one of our female english teachers.. saying &quot;you want to use words like rape and forced sex in front of elders and senior authorities&quot;. We all were scared and didn&#39;t have the courage to speak against her as she was a senior teache .(I&#39;m not from some government school with such an environment but from an isc convent school). If teachers are not allowing girls to even speak against it how can we even think of them teaching everyone such moral education.

But this is a not pointer rape yah to discipline Mein a Jaega ki aap dhang se Raho pata nahin rape karne walon ki thinking rahti kya hai menses to bahut Bade madarchod Hote Hain Goli maar Dena chahie bhosdi Walon Ko

Nahin Raat Mein Koi kam ho to usse koi matlab Nahin Ja sakti hai but Chhote kapde Sharab Pina raat mein party karna Daru pk yah To Mere Khyal Se Kisi acche Ghar Ke Log Ko Nahin Karte Honge

Thumbnail : it&#39;s not only your duty it&#39;s our duty.

Hum sab apni behn, maa, beti ki fikr krte hain jab wo akele ghar se bahr jaye kyunki ye desh hi aisa hai jab tak koi kathor design nhi liya jaayega humaari pareshaniyan badhti jaayengi .

This is the best reason I like bb He tells us the problems we are facing in India in such a interesting and funny way !!!!Hat&#39;s off to you bb !! ️Lots of love ... Keep it up! We are so proud of you bro ! ️️

well i won&#39;t pick up the topic of feminism in this...

BB means the Best 

Apki is video se kash sab inspired ho

this is man..............just love you..............awesome mindset ..................

Hats off titu mama

️

Salute h bhai tumko

Ye sabke dil ki baat bol rahe hain

<a href="">0:39</a> that silence gave me deep chills

School walo ko saram ati h is topic pr bat krne me

️️️

Thanks bb for making this video

Let the government start the punishment of THE BRAZIL BULL

I sent this to my aunty and all my cousins  thanks BB for this 

Big fan of BB love 

I&#39;m Muslim Lakin rape ki waja lerkon ki Shaadi jaldi na hona hai Shaadi na hony ki waja sy wo ye kadm utahty hain Jo glt hai MAA baap ko chaiye apny Beton ki Shaadi jald Sy jald keryn jisssy wo in buraiyon Sy Bach jaye or apni biwi Jo usky Liye halal hai naky Haram Kam keryn

Love you BB sir️️

True 30 dec 22

Ghatiya soch ke chakkar mein 

Khud bhi toh video bna ke bhul gaya

Sirf thumbnail change karte rahiyoVideo maat dalna 

Girls ke hamesha galti hota h ... Ladkiya q der raat tk party karegi , chote kapde pehengi  Issey saaf pta chalta h ki ye log boys ko seduce krte h ... Ladki bahut chalu hoti h bs ladko ko fasane k liye waisa situation create krengi or bad me ladke fasenge

Therapist without &quot;The&quot; should get taste of their own medicine

Bohut bura lagta haa Yee sab news sunka 

Bhai fassi toh nhi dega law kyun ki KUCH ladkiya false case bhi kr deti h Iss tarah se agar fassi dene lage toh BAHUT si ladkiya isse as an advantage use krr skti h

Sir mene tho rap dekha bhi hai par mey kuch nahi kar saka But after some months that rapist got arrested and usko fasi ho gayiBTW big fan sir

This is BB&#39;s best video ever. We really need such yotubers who openly promote awareness about such sensitive topics.

Bhai Aapki Saare Video Se Behtar Ye Video He.. ️️

100% shahi bol raha he titu bhai

Proud to be a bbian

Sir I shared this vdo on my YouTube channel pls mention my channel on your vdos so that more people can watch this...and also drop this link in the description box..

Right solution 

Good one

I think if our law become strict as we don&#39;t need to give sex education, it is a thing that a parent can&#39;t even think to speak in front of his son.

girl are not safe 

<a href="">2:21</a> imp line!!!!! BB has made this vdo tapping it from its root cause!! This revolution is really very necessary!!!! ️️️

Sahi bat ha bahi ap ki

Please  sere this  message to our society

Titu mama love you 

bb  respect for u is in clouds good work brother keep it up

HELLO BROTHER I JUST WANTED TO TELL YOU THAT IF WE PEOPLE TAKE ACTION AND START A PROTEST AGAINST THESE ACTS  ACTS LIKE RAPING , KIDNAPPING , ROBBING ETC AND SO MANY THINGS WE CAN ACTUALLY REMOVE THESE BAD THOUGHTS FROM THE  MINDSETS OF THE PEOPLE AND WE CAN HELP OUR COUNTRY TO GAIN MORE OF MORAL EDUCATION AND SPREAD AWARENESS AMONGST THE CITIZENS OF THE COUNTRY . OUR INDIA IS ONLY THE COUNTRY WHICH HAS BEEN RESPECTING WOMENS FROM THE ANCIENT PERIODS WE HAVE BEEN THOUGHT TO RESPECT WOMEN BUT THERE ARE FEW PEOPLE WHO HAVE LOT OF BAD THOUGHTS ABOUT THE WOMENS SO IF WE PROTEST FORMING A GROUP OF PEOPLE AND GO TALK TO GO THE GOVERNMENT , THESE BAD PEOPLE WILL GET STOP DOING SUCH ACTS . SO PLS BROTHER I HAVE A HUMBLE REQUEST DONT IGNORE THIS MESSAGE PLS READ IT ..

Root cause hai overpopulation..Bc 141 cr koi population hoti hai?Desh ki maa chod rakhi hai bache paida kar kar ke..Agar india ki population 4-5 crore hoti ye sab problems kabhi jai hoti...

Bhai aapne iss video se mera dill jeet liya

LOVE you ️ bro and hate you  bro

Selute bhuvan bhai ko 

Just One thing to say. Agar apke jese 100 log bhi hona na Bhai . Toh yeh bharat kaha rehta ham sabko pata hai.

I dont know exactly which is the country but there is one where there is a law that if convict who raped a girl has dna matched with that girl he will be given the punishment of deathThis law should be in our country also

BB ki Vines ki Best video ever... It should be pinned up. 

Kya kasoor hai bichariyon ka 

# no rape

India k logo ki mentallity kabhi ni change ho skti ab inko inhi ke way m jawab dena hoga jo girls k sath krte vahi inke sath vo v samuhik fir inko aukat pata lgegi inki

No bro it&#39;s our duty

Bhai meri beti 2 saal ki hai, darr abhi se lagta hai, jo bacchi dhang se khana aur peena nhi bta skti apna par ye sikhana shayad usse jyada zaroori hai ki rehna kaise hai iss samaj me.

Hattsss offff bhuvan bam sir

Toh fir yeh v bol do k india sab desh ki tarha hi hai....india ki sanskruti ki baat v mat karo...beach pe bikini pehen k v ghumna chahiye....mrg karo then ghar pe wife husband or bahar or kisike sath kuchh v karo.....saree ban kar do.....only ladke hin galat hai....india pe yeh problem hai ki yahan ladka hi ladka ko galat bol raha.ladkiyon ko aise freedom de do sarab pike v ghume woh.....sanskar naam ki v kuchh cheez hai bhai....rapist k against govt ko achha law banana chahiye...

This video gives a powerful message 

proud of you BB ️

<a href="">2:15</a> I felt like crying at that  time

“Don&#39;t live the same day over and over again and call that a life. Life is about evolving mentally, spiritually, and emotionally.” “Preparation time is necessary for your growth.

Best for ever 

HAPPY NAVRATRI TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY

Ye jo boycott vale he jraa in chijo ko bhi sarkar tk pauchauuuuuuuuuuuu rape ka bhi boycott kroo..... Koi nhi smjhge...

Kanun h kanun ko manne wale aur gorment mazbut nahi ager gorment 1ya 2 ko fasi to chadae per 1000 se bahut kes milenge



Wahh

ghajab dost ghazabb

X vids ko Hamare Des me v ben Kar na chahiye..

One of the best  video

Capital Punishment Introduce karoGULF COUNTRIES kitni safe hai, it is beacause of this CAPITAL PUNISHMENT.

All those 26k dislikers have rapist mindset

Mia biwi k mamley na he bolo to behter hai ..Judge mat karna mujhe please



I agree that these incidents happens but nowadays these modern feminist use these right they have given for wrong accusations they use their WOMEN CARD to falsely accuse someone!!! Mention them too but no they are women we can&#39;t say anything!

Everytime I see this I become more proud of you bhuvan ️

Orr keso ho bhai

This is the real knowledge of Rapes given by Bhuvan everyone should watch this vdo and think about a women struggle ️

This video makes me the fan of BB ️️️

Thanks bhuvan bhaiya for spreading these valuable massages. ️️️

Bhai apki video ko 10 bar bhi dekho to ji nhi bhrta 

BB winning heart ️

Sahi baat hai bhubam Bhai 

BB ne bohut acha bataya rap karne walo saza deni chahiye sarkar par pressure dalo sahi bola love you BB ️️️️️

That&#39;s why I love you....You never disappoint your fans

BB is Not Vulgar Every Vedio Lesson for Us for Youth

That silence at <a href="">0:43</a> explained everything 



One of the best by BB

Aur hamare yahan to ek khas party ka aadami chhut jata Hai chahe usne 6 mahine pregnant lady ka rape hi Kyon Na kiya ho jaruri hai uska Kisi khas party se hona

Sabki Soch khudba khud Nahin badlegi balke inki Soch badalni padegi kabhi Dekha Hai Saudi Dubai ya FIR koi bhi Arabic country mein rape hua ho aur rapist chhut gaya ho ya FIR umra kaid Ho gai Ho turant hi sale ko chahe vah Kisi bhi dharm ya FIR Kisi bhi samaj ka ho chaurahe per khade Karke pahle use dikhaya jata hai Ki yahi Hai vah rapist aur bad Mein unhin logon ke samne uski gardan uda Di jaati Hai usko dekhne wala rape karna to dur rape karne ka Soch Bhi Nahin Sakta ki usko pata hai ki hamari bhi gardan aisi hi cut jayegi

Nice️

Those mf should be scolded mercilessly

Abhi beto ko bhi bachao unko bhi zarurat hai

Bhai Dil jeet liya

This is coming from a man who did not utter a single word when the convicts of the Bilkis Bano case were remitted. Bravo Bhuvan!

Yeh message puri duniya mein feilni chahiye. Tones and tones of love to you brother

जो अपने खूबसूरत आंखो से मेरा कॉमेंट को पढ़ रहा है भगवान करे उसके माता पिता को हमेशा खुश रखें 

We should give sex education to young ones unfortunately it is not in our schools

Very good

Wah

Respect to u sir️

Bhuvan,, salute to you dear

Hi

A deep respect BB.

This video becomes relevant every few months



Islam ko follow Karo duniya Se rape khatam

This video show 2012 acid attack on girls and rapiest big salute to bb and tribute to those girls who survived the these attack 🇮🇳

Your thinking was great

BB fans who are watching this masterpiece in August 2022 

Bhole bhale dikhna waly v rapist ho sakte hai 

Jo rape karte hain woh thodi yeh video dekhte hain. Aur woh log school drop outs hi hote hain maximum. Chote mote kaam karke gujara karte hain. Toh school mein awareness badhane se kya hi hoga.

The silence after bablujii says umar dekh de balatkarr hote haii has killed me

This video is  ️ 

Wohi hote hain desh bhakti or shabd aise jaise pakistan dushman...

Glt h ye video....

<a href="">1:06</a> Mujhe Matt samjhao mai apni puri Zindagi issi Darr mei jee chuki hu.This line really hurts. :(

He can spread good messages (also) 

लड़कियां भी मादरचोद होती है लड़के जितने ही गुनाहगार है उतने ही गुनाहगार लड़कियां भी होती है जो शरीफ लड़के होते है उन्हें ये नामर्द समझती है अगर मर्दानगी दिखा दी तो रेप घोसित हो जाता है लड़के सारा अच्छे नही होते तो लड़कियां भी सारी एक जैसी नही होती ( देश खतरे मैं है )

ummit karta hoon ki at least  comment karne walomese kisike v manme yesa kharab bichar naaye aur kohi v yesa ghinone kamo me samil na ho...jay nepal🇳🇵

First time a clean and meaningful episode, Thanks...

<a href="">3:47</a> Mulaayam Singh Yadav

Ye hona chahiye

 best bro

️️

Llll &#39;&#39;&quot;

You&#39;re raised a very sensitive issue,hats off to bb

Love u BB....U made me cry 

the children in  school or college will be in their 20s or 30s after 5 or 10 years but how we stop them today law implement is the only thing which will do impact on rapist

the rapist can be in his 20s or 30s so he is not gonna stop by sex educationthe only thing is left is law implement which is very necessary

Bhai ne bola karnekaa to karnekaa

Superb 

<a href="">1:07</a>.  Hits all boys very hard.... respect to all girls 

Rona aa gaya Bhai 

Bhaii ma bi vedio bnana chahta hu

𝓖𝓸𝓸𝓭 𝓽𝓱𝓸𝓾𝓰𝓱𝓽

As a boy i kinda feel ashamed off all this things that is happening in our country

this is the only vvideo which i can see with  my parents

Of course no one talks about fake rape cases which are more than 50&amp; of the total cases. But every idiot on youtube thinks he&#39;s some genius.lauda mera.

Sahi bola bhaii

Very nice video......



Amazing bb bhayiya ️️️️️️️️️️....such a great information for our generation ️️️️️️

All it is twitter trending candle march news debate and finish Justice delayed Justice denied

2022 m kon dekh ra hai

<a href="">2:52</a> Best dialogue ;(

️️️

<a href="">0:14</a>

The silence at the end made me clench my heart

Balatkari janta party has 30 percent mla,s rapist



️️️

MoM

Seriously I crying right now

Right ️ point

I love you boss .. Aise toh apka sab videos hi achchha hain , but apka is video ka important aj kal ka social midea k liye jaduli hain.. But i want to ask you a very serious questions, that how can we stop this inhumanity on our society??? ... Last but not the least you r doing good job.. I love you BB.... Titu mama rock

Realtu of india

I wish that the people start thinking about the problem that how we remove this problem

This is not a Funny video it&#39;s a Great message for Whole World

Mei bhi apni bhen se 5 saal chota hu aur mei raat mei kahi bhi akele jaa skta hu but meri didi ko koi bhi akele nhi jane deta

Porn video  भी रेप की एक वजह है जिसका तुम अपनी वीडियो में समर्थन देते हुए दिखाई देते होबातें चोदने से कुछ नही होता

Nice

bb is good he always gives us education

Sending love

Yi

Bhai ye Chu hai Salla ladka hi galat kyu kyu hamesha ladka galat

you where right we burn rapeisht people

️️️

I still believe jabtak bihari , Bengali aur main  U.P wale logo ka living standard or soch thik na ho unko baki state mai esay entry nh deni chahiye.Jitna vulgur content bihar ek saal Mai bnaa kar apne youth ka dimaag khrab karta hai utna to pure world ki countries nh bnaa pati.mai ye nh kehta ki sab UP aur Bihar k log aise hi hai lekin jaise hamko pata hai ki Terrorism ka ek Religion hai, waise hi vulgur logo ka bhi ek particular background hai. Bihariyon jitne tharki aur ashleel log maine apni jindagi mai nh dekheI do agree wo bohot hardworking class bhi haiInka mindset sudharna bohot Jaruri hai.Indians aise dekhte hai Bihar ko jaise ye World Africa ko.aaj k time kisi insan ko neecha dikhane k liye logo unko northern or southern states mai Bihari bol kar reffer karte hai.to log ab samjh sakte hai bihar kaha se kaha chlaa gaya.

One of the best video by our bb sahab️

Slute hai bhai Bb bro 

First time  I&#39;m watching Titu Mama ️ true self emerging out. 

spreading a message is good but spreading a good message is type of a social work and u are by making a video everyone should aware

Bhai Dil chuliya aap ne !!

Heart touching ️

Everyone thinking about  the deep message but iam thinking that Sameer is also doing that so Sameer is also rapist

Firstly government has to ban po*n from India and also from vpn users



Ab to ulta ho Raha he ladkiya ladko ko maar rahi henLadkiyon se Bach ke raho

Get well soon our country

Ham sab ko bhuvan bam se sikna cheah Ham boys or mouse ek hole ke liye bhag thea haAb malum pada girls ab Improve kaise kr rahi ha Guys Yeah such ha ki nhi ??

Beautiful mgs brother love u from Pakistan

.....We blame the SOCIETY&quot;But we are the SOCIETY &quot;.....

BB is 

This not a video  this is a message for the law and peoples

Hatts of to u 

Very true proud of u bhai

Mason Greenwood alike.... 

As a girl, though only 12, i can only say, Thank you Bhuvan Bhaiya. Me bahar jane se darti hun ki kuch ho na jaye. Kehne ko bahut kuch hai ladkiyon ke pas lekin sunta koi nahi. Aise platforms hi hai jahan log sunte hai. Bade youtubers aur sab ko yeh message phelana chaiye.

Bb talk in this episode about mulayam singh yadav indirectly

Yes

I am proud of you Bhuvan sir this speech

Soo fucking true

Sir i love my sister but mujhe darr lagta h jab bhi wo bahar jaati h 

<a href="">4:55</a> this thing made me very sad

️

Aaj pehli baar titu mama ne comedy na karke kaam ki baat ki hai ️

Hii

I love your videos and this one is superb 

Bhuvan bahi akk series banayo jisma sir sa maa ki chuu ki meeting ho or vo series bahot he daso jayagi or iski script Mena soch rahki ha puri pelese msg me ma bata doga asha bolna ma sab ko pata laag Jaya gya ki kiya hoga to inbox ma batna sahi ha meri I&#39;d mile jayagi mera YouTube page par he

Is video pe 2 crore nahi balki 100 crore se bhi jayada views aana chahiye 

I am a girl and I am in school  ... and all the boys of my class have a stereotype about girls that all girls are innocent . OK . It was a time when I was gossiping with my guy best friend and I told him that I watch <b>Bhuvan</b> and <b>Ashish</b> he was so shocked  . I had some work so I went outside the class . And he was talking to his friend that she watches <b>Bhuvan</b> and <b>Ashish</b> . He was also shocked . I am a bright student  so that is why they were shocked . The whole point is that they think that youtubers like Bhuvan sir only post &quot; double meaning video &quot; and &quot; vulgar &quot; videos . Everyone thinks the same way . But no one talks about this type of videos . Great salute to him . Very proud to be an Indian 🇮🇳 . Great work !

You are the best bb ..

But nowadays boy rapes have become increased nowadays other than women and false cases have increased

Lovely bro i will try to spread the awareness,

98k comments!

This video is hilarious!!!

Ha

Hahahahahahahahhahaja

Xd xd xd

BB bhaiya ki es baat ko duniya ke har jagah pahnchna chahiye

Thumbnail change means that legend coming soon.

<a href="">2:06</a> Maa ki ch@@, B@@CH@@, FU@@@ jo bolte hain wo kya hain phir?

Dukh hoti hai jab after 2 years aise videos pe views na aay

thumbnail changed

You are right 

Bhai India me strict laws bhi Bane hi chiye Jese rape ke upar unke bichme 2no par uar haath me sariya gusa ke Zinda jaladena chiye

Punishment should become more strict for rapists but not until he proved rapists man get beaten by public by police treated like animal even in false rape case  

Great msg  hamara dess ka kanun bhutt khrab h or eska hum jemadar h

Apne beton ko kayde me rakho betiyon ko parde me nhi rkhna pdega.

Thumbnail is changing... That means legend is coming back...

Hats off to you sir

Titu mama GIF three options but I agree with two options first option is drinking and second option is wearing short dress listen carefully I never support any type of drinking in both cases of male and femaleAnd second reason wearing short clothes sorry to say but normally exposing clothes attracts Male  or female equallyBut anyway keep it upBut please also support male

Year aaj tak ki sabse best video h ye

He is influencing his fanbase properly

why can we girls can never out at night ?Why we girls can&#39;t wear short clothes ?Why when a boy teases a girl but are we girls&#39; fault? Why do we teach girls and when it comes to jobs, why  we get married after all, why are we girls?   BB is really good person



Wah Yar Bhai

i hate schools for this reason

Bhuvan bam ️️

Thanks for giving some sympathy for girls you are so good thanks to saying against RIP and that all you&#39;re the best 

This video is so so so good



Jaldi shadi na hony ki wajy se rape hoty hai

Change thumbnail 

I luv u ️ bb bhai...

are thumbnail fir change kr diya

Why bb was charging thumbnail of every video

Why Thumbnail are changeIn every video

This video is for everyone who thinks that too short &amp; iconic outfit brings uncultured to our society the reality is our thinking just like mom and dad cares a child but it depends on child&#39;s thinking whether it wants himself to be developed in good way or ...

Proud of you

The title is wrong that&#39;s not my duty that is our duty

Kon kon aj ve a video dakta hain LIKE KORO and SUBSCRIBE KORO.

Only Legends know that the thumbnail is changed .

BB is the best ️



️️

Har kisi ko y dar rehta h ki beti akeli bahar gyi kuch galat na ho jaye. ,,,,kisi ko ye dar nhi ki beta akela bahar gya h kuch galat na krke aa Jaye 

Stop rap 

Huge salute to you 

Respect ️️

U are great sir thanku so much for talking on this topic

Fuck all those who are saying bb is  Vulgar

Proud to be your Fan BB bhaiya ️

all over the world... it&#39;s not a girl&#39;s problem to go out the late at night even boys go out at night...why no restrictions for men...only because of some and few men&#39;s thinking the world is spoiling...and we all should be happy that some people like bb are trying to raise awareness...people thinkings has to change,women are not for giving men entertainment,women are also just like men but only few changes in their body...women also have equal rights as men...hopefully every women come out and speak and rapes stop...JAI HIND!

great bhai nice video

best part is silence after .....umar dekh kar rape hote hai ??.



Right



️

Proud of you bb . Love u 

Hats off bhai for spreading awareness using the resources we have nowadays. big fan bhai. love u

Titu mama open in the chat

Very good msg and good initiative sir

I like your talk sir love you sir

️

This one is the best  Love your videos especially this one

Sagar.Prasad

Sagar.Prasad

Sagar.Prasad

Salute To You Bhuvan Bam AKA BB Ki Vines. Great Message To Everyone.

mera mann to karta hai ki main repisto ke haath pair Tod do aur fir pagal kutte se katwao

Saahi baat ha

Hi

They don&#39;t have feelings or reputation for women who not liked this video

<a href="">1:42</a> all of these karva hai per sach hai

2022 and im watching this again

Correct bol rha hai bb bhai

Your gonna find me in every bb ki vines videos , it&#39;s my love  for him.♡

Hats off to you BB️

proud of myself..i thought of moral education first

I appreciate ️

Install islamic law all thing get well

Titu g Sameer fuddi ko bhi samjhaye  by the way nice thought 

This is a &#39;&#39;karara jawab&#39;&#39; for those ppl who said he doesn&#39;t respect women 

Never seen any ytber making this much efforts for these problems.... Proud of u bhuvan 

Good message given by him Hat&#39;s off 

Who is watching more than one time ️

BB LORO &lt;3larkay ka b dair tak bahir rahana theek ni

agr karatay wlay ny balatkar kar diya tu?

️

Bb bb bb bb bb bb bb bb yr pure world me best hai 

Every line it&#39;s true

Salute to B.B for this video

Rip for those people who dislike this video

kl to ldke nnge chle vo shi ha ky hahaha

Hats off️

BB is correct.



Yes it&#39;s real bro and it&#39;s our responsibility

Ma be karate sek ta hu

️

Gharwalo ke samne strong dikhati hu, paar mujhe aaj bhi akele bahar jane main dar lagta h, main apni bag main chhuri, paper spray leke ghumti hu. Mere kayi dost h jo ladke h,unke saath to main safe hi feel karti hu kyu ki mujhe pata h 10 main sayad sirf 3 ladke bure hote h, baki sab achhe hi h but mujhe pata nhi ki kabhi wo 3 mere samne ake khara ho jayenge ki nhi. Kyu ki mere kuchh dost ladke h to mujhe iss baat ka bhi dar raheta h ki mujhe koi kabhi galat Nazar se na dekhe sirf yeh soch ke kyu ki main ladko se baat karti hu to sayad main khud buri hu,soch aaj bhi logo ka aisa hi h. Kaal news channel dekh rahi thi, 10 min dekhi baas,uss 10 min main 6 rape ke news dikhaya gaya. Ajeeb dar lag raha tha. Or khud ko lekar nahi mujhe dar apni maa ko lekar bhi lagta h. I&#39;m a junior practicing lawyer, Court main bohot cases dekhti hu jidhar ladki ke parents ko aisi aisi baat kahi jati h jisse achha to kisi maa baap ke liye sayad marna asan ho.

Very great video sir

All youtubers should make video on this topic

It is the only reason of your success because your are mostly attached to our emotions

hii

Heart touching videos

Still can&#39;t get over this

@BB Ki VinesBhai I have been a great fan of your content. But somehow had missed this video, it&#39;s 12 April 2022 today, I clicked on it and found what I had missed for years. I would like to appreciate you man. Proud of you mere Bhai Cheers 

Man everyone must seee this video

soooo truee️️️️️Love from pakistan🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰

No comments i am stunned

Thank you Bhai  for doing this and spreading awareness ️ every girl felt this

This gives a deep msg and deep reality of your country Law toh hai but strong nhi hai that&#39;s truth

️️️️

Best content ever bro. Loved this

️

Sachme salute BB ,bohot hi emotional and inspiring video tha ye sachme sabhi agar awar ho to ye sab na ho samaj me

True

️

Nice

That&#39;s why bb is great

Great content ever seen



Muslim ka ise nahi ha burka pat ha



Now I don&#39;t need comedy in this video Just listen this but THIS IS reality

Any person don&#39;t have a power say that all characters are bhuvam (I mean it&#39;s looking like other characters with other felling how it possible)

Lack of sex education in schools is majorly the cause of rapes because people never got that education of respecting the other gender! If schools can teach moral science so why can&#39;t such an important topic like sex education! Agar schools me hi baccho ko aache se sex education ke baare me bataya hota hai toh aaj rape percentage kaafi Kam hoti!



Use ur fame wisely.... BB proved it... 



 aaj dil bhaar aaya Bhuvan bro ye cheejein nahi honi chahiye maar dena chahiye aise logon ko 

U r the best

You are great ️️️ BB



Public me jalane se kaam nahi hogaMe batata hu Pehle ek ek karke uski ungliya kate fir kuch der Baad uska haat pair katkar usko bhik mangne ke liye chhod dijiye salo ko

moral of story stop rap respect girls  Proud of BB

You are great man..

From Pakistan, but literally this needs to addressed

Very Nice Script And A Good Message For Society

️

Bhot sahi baat h sir rapists ko fasi honi chahiye aur humare nai pidi ko sex education ke liye school or collage me sabko awere krna chahiye but sir ap ne kha ki aaj rep aur turant fasi esa isliye nhi kiya jana chahiye kyo  ki har baar ladka galat nhi hota aaj kal girls bhi fake rep case kr deti h ladko pr kanoon ko dono ke taraf brabar nyay krna chaiye na ki ladke ladki me bhed bhaw krna chaiye love you sir 

Hands up for you sir 

nice job i will try to tell in my school

Mai aapki pahli video dekhi hu aapki mai fan Ho gyi hu Aapne har bat es video m sach bole hai 

Proud Of You BB 

Bhuven bhai app ke baat ma dam ha

Eight sir

Oolaaaaa

Bhai ye banda kehta hai ki meri bat Johny sins se hoti hai aur rape ke against video bhi bna ke gyan pel raha hai... I know rape is the biggest problem in our country but iss bande ke muh se theek nhi lag raha



Ur great bb

U proved ur mettle BB. 

Best video on YouTube  

Bhuwan bhai ye badhiya tha I really fell proud Because ap ne bht badhiya sandesh diya hai apne .Ek bar fir is ki jarurat hai relaunch karo is ko trending pe dalo is ko ..Kiyu ki mai bhi ek beti ka baap hoon Please 

People say that don&#39;t watch bb ki vines, he abuses in his videos but this is the video i can show them.That  bb not only entertains but also teach us

nice bro keep it up

E

That&#39;s why Bb is king

BRO YOU ARE SOOO RIGHT 



️



i support you 

Right sir

What a message ️

Titu mama ke uss sawal ne mujhe ek angle Diya sochne ka .thank you sir



This is the first video I&#39;m watching of BB but I just want to say that this guy is really amazing ️

bhai kuch aysa hona chaiye jise rape hee bnd ho or ye india hai boss yaha pe 1000 me se kisi 1 ladki ka naiye milta hai rape case confirm ho jane ke baad sirf jali hota hai jis din se direct encounter hona suru ho jaye sayad sab sahi ho jayega.....ya accha kanun v nai hai or jo hai vo v majbut nai hai bhut bhura lada hai ye soch ke uss ladki ke maa baap bhn bhai ko kysa lagta hai uss ladki ko kaysa lagta ho ga.....ya pe sex ke bare me bole ne sarmate hai tho rap ke bare me kya hee bole ge

I  argee BB ki vines 

Nice

Kadak Bhai I love you bb

️️



He is always best .

Bahut acchi soch hai 



BB is legend

One of the best video 

sai video h ye

<a href="">1:25</a>-<a href="">2:06</a>Titu mama- Jo bhi poochunga uska sahi sahi jawab diyo. Tujhe kyun lagta hai rape hote hain?Chal tujhe theen options deta hun.1. Chote kapde pehenne ki wajah se2.Ladki ke dher raath tak party karne ki wajah se ya fir3. Ladki ke sharab peene ki wajah seBhuavn- pata nahiTitu mama- Tumhe kya lagta hai jija jiBabloo ji- Yaar dher raath tak ladki ka bahar rehna galath toh hai<b>Titu mama- Jo aadmi in theenon options mein se kisi ek pe bhi sehmati jata de uski bhi kahin na kahin ek rapist jaisi sooch hai...vo rapist nahi hai lekin sooch milti julti hai</b>In less than a minute he pointed out the &quot;rapist-like thinking&quot; of so many people! Hats off ️

Legendary 

Op video

He makes us laugh like crazy, making us forget all our worries and problems but at the same time he tries to convey messages on serious topics like these. Noticed how the music stopped when things got serious? One might say Sameer&#39;s character is just opposite of what he&#39;s trying to convey but nope. It isn&#39;t. Even he has a kind heart. He is misunderstood often. Bb is a genius. I recently introduced my friend to BB ki vines and I showed him his funniest videos but I showed him this one too. I don&#39;t care what people might opine for this, but Mr. Bam is a true gem of a person. We love u man ️. U r gonna achieve so many things.





ये वीडियो बनाने से पहले बाहर के देशों का बलात्कार ratio देख लेना चाहिए था

टीटू मामा एक option भूल गए लड़को के ज्यादा porn देखने से?

Hey dude aap ne abhi bola ki &quot;police se sekayat nhi krte ha dude I&#39;m girl aur mere sath ched khani hue aur main police ke pass gayi thi but humare desh ka law bhut zda khrb hai meri sekayat likhi tak nhi unn logo ne aur roj ghumate rahe ki kal aana but dude unn hone sekayat likhi nhi sab se bada dosh humare law ka hai ab police hi badva degi toh meri jesi ladki kaha jayegi kis se bolegi &quot;

What a message to our society BB love you

This video is inspiring to everyone



thankks for teaching us

waah bhai dil jeet liye tum toh

I am also crying amaz bb

Good thing

love u Bb

Billion Heart&#39;s for BB ki vines ️️

<a href="">2:00</a> 

Proud  of you bb

You are great

This is why he is my favorite!  He does make jokes and all, but also does spread moral values and ethics! 

Bro tussi great ho

Please ek baar meri Video dekh main bhi BB ki vines ki jase video banyi hai please jake ek baar try Karo Bhai sab

BB yr the best very good video

Everyone to change the mindNo rap no to rap

Great videoEveryone watch this 

Bro..you r the best ️ no one is good as you 

God bless you Bhai

keep asking for justice, aint gonna do sht. Its us common men that have to make an example out of these rapists. fear....they should be controlled by fear

Deep message

I have learn the law i now anyone cannot get punishment without proof

i do karate myself i am a green belt but nobody wants me to but i just love it

Love the way u tell us all the things.....heads off for this .....biggest fan and admirer of urs‍️‍️

My Favourite Video of BB Ki VInes

You are the best bb️️️

BB tumhare is video ne dil khush ho gaya ️️

We should not teach our daughters to protect them selves but our sons to behave them selves



Heart touching

Heart touching

Fact is :Mulayam singh said that: ladko se to galti ho jati h

Please make a similar video for boys and their condition in Indian society...... 

Heart touching ....

Nice masseg 





Great video 



Respect

Proud of you BB️

️️

Really India ka future PTA nhi news channel pr se kb uthega .... this line has deep meaning

Kitna aacha hoga na agar ye chhoti si common sense wali bat sabko samajh aaye , phir kitna bada change aayega

Right 

Great Message 

I am ur big big big fan from Pakistan

seriously very emotional.

Very good message I&#39;m really proud of you Bhuvan bam

Thanos&#39; snap should have killed just the rapists. I&#39;m sure it will be much more than 50% of the population.

Shiksha padhati badalna padega

thank you for spreading this message BB

<a href="">1:28</a> legendary line

Proud of you

.... Hats off

This is the problem of whole world.

I Am Proud of you BB

Yes you are right BB

Thank you

Bhuvan bhai rocks....Really nowadays.......its really difficult to go out...lack of knowledge/  education is the main reason  and must to mention  that ppl always blame girls for everything....

Salut hai sir aapko 



No words to describe this video 

Bhaiya thank you

God...

Sarkaar to bhadwo ki hai wo kya kregi kuch

Word nhi mil rha h comment k liye................

You are great

Great great great 

Nice

Really proud of you brother ️

Proud of u

6           9       O---------------

Moral Education will have NO impact because of what to do and what not, if a list like that is prepared, believe me, only those things will happen. Alcohol is a SIN in almost every religion, yet the biggest Industry in the world. It&#39;s horrendous that a girl is rapped but think of cruelty happening to animals, Unfortumatelly rape will seem much humane. The biggest spend of nation&#39;s economy is for defense, though killing someone is again a SIN. Think about it, either we want to kill ourselves with alcohol or want to kill another nation, in name of our defense. Now I not saying that it&#39;s useless, unfortunately, it must be valued. But my point is when we are comfortably living in this kind of society, a girl getting raped, is an outcome. Now by moral education, what is being tried to achieve is, that we will do all that we are doing, but here&#39;s the list of things you should not do. Well, Life doesn&#39;t work like that, unless we do the right things, the right things won&#39;t happen. Developing CONSCIOUS, (not educated) HUMAN BEGINS is the only solution. Join Sadhguru&#39;s Conscious Planet movement, and Let&#39;s make this happen.

Proud of you sir 

️️️️️

Thank you Bhuban...for sharing such knowledge with us.   . 

Yad hai hum sub school mei pledge bolte the all indians are my brother and sister unhi mei se kuch brother apni yeh pledge bhul gaye sad reality

Soo Best Vidio It s  A Right

Sir do you think this rapist would have gone to school and college , they&#39;re like this because of lack of respect towards girl&#39;s . women are the backbone of men&#39;s life but they are treated like a doormat

I support you sir

Bhai rula dia bhai 

Very good every one should share this video for our good



Ghante ka sex education! Yaha to 10th standard me bhi wo reproduction wala chapter nahi samjate thik se. Usme bhi sharmate hai bsdiwale. Kaha se sikhayenge sab kuchh



मुझे ये विडियो अच्छी नही लगीरेप होने की सबसे बड़ी वजह बॉलीवुड और वेब सीरीज क्योंकि इन दोनों में इतनी अश्लीलता prosi जा रही है की एक पिक्चर को आप फैमिली के साथ नही देख सकते और तुम कभी इंस्टाग्राम पर जाना बहा तो लड़कियों का नंगा नाच हो रहा है और भाई लड़कियों के कपड़े भी सही नही है आजकल क्योंकि ऊपर से बो ब्लाउज जैसा पहन लेती और नीचे से चड्डी की साइज का हॉफ नेक्कर और कमर को दिखाती लड़की हमेशा पूरे कपड़ों में अच्छी लगतीअब तू कहेगा फिर लड़कियों के रेप हो रहे तो सरकार से कहो ये पोर्न मूवी बंद करे इंडिया में और वो सारी चीजे बंद करे जिससे अश्लील ता फैल रही है

Very nice message 

very strong message bb . love you bb

Proud of you bro️

Op

Proud of you BB

ㅤ

Op

Vaah!

Wow claps . That&#39;s good. But sath hi wo baat yaad aa gyi &quot; jo gutkha bechta hai wahi cancer ke hospital kholta hai &quot; Let me compare bb ki vines and MJO.You use vulgar language but they don&#39;t, you get more attention, they don&#39;t. Your videos have charters - Sameer fu**, Bencho, Maakich**,  and things like - &quot;my grandfather love fud**..... .Giant problems have root causes, I&#39;m not saying that vulgar language, is the only cause, but i can assure it&#39;s contributory. Calling, thinking a woman, a thing of pleasure feed up minds of teenagers. And often in abuses , women are targetted.

We have law but apsos yeh hey yeh LAW naam ki chiz bare logo par lagu nahi hoti

Remember about hatras,up case, everyone forgot about it, as specially media

Mulayam singh yadav  bcche hai glti ho jaati hai.

Titu mama itne padhe likhe kb bane

Apo dha syria q pta

Proud of you bhuvan ️

Really osm video yrr

Iss sab ka main cause h heroins Jo ki Ganda acharan krke galat krwati h galat scens...And bhugtana normal girls ko pdta hIss sab ki Asli jad &quot;urfi Javad&quot; jaise ladkiyan h

I am laughing hard

Sahi msg..... Bhai...

love that episode and script

True said

&quot;We are the change this country needs&quot; not only your but whole world needs,,, amazing video,,, we have to aware our society... Hats Off BB... 

Apki video dekh ke ek bar to dil ki dhadkan hi ruk gyi... Good job bro

Feeling so proud after seeing this and even more proud to be your fan BB️





Very true 

You are such a nice person BB .Lots of love from Pakistan.You are right we should aware our countries government that they should take an action.Even in Pakistan, every girl or baby from any city getting raped any moment.Love from Pakistan.

Ho

On 

Let&#39;s go Bhuvan

School waalo tk phcho isse

Proud of you sir

We have change are mind

Bil kul sahi hai

Plz sab log support  kro ki rap krne wale na bache

Woow amezing bb

Wah bhai

Proud of you BB ️

&quot;Not every boy is like that&quot; But my BB understands and entertains us&quot; Every Month Every Day And Every Hour I Check BB Updates&quot; &quot;Keep going&quot;  Loves From Bhavya 

This true line

Seriously 



Titu mama handsof to you

One of the perfect video i love you bro

I just felt that I should share this one incident which took place with me.I live in Delhi. Yes, the Rape Capital!It was a year ago that I was in CP and was buying clothes for my little sister. I saw a man constantly staring at me. Then my sister who was with me told me that the same guy was staring her too for quit long time.After few minutes, I realised that he was not alone but was a group of 6 boys. They all started to roam around us. I my heart was beating so fast in fear.They were continuously coming near us then moved away as soon as I saw them. They showed us as if they went and were not present there. But again after a few minutes I saw them coming from another route.I asked to sister to get out that place.As soon as we left...they started following us. We increased our pace and they (all 6 of them) started to run behind us. It was around 7 p.m. (winters).Maybe that was God&#39;s blessings upon us that we found traffic policemen there and complaint to them.Since that day, I feel very scared of going out at literally any time of the day!!I that day almost felt ki how worse the rape victims would have felt.I feel like crying after sharing this!



Hi



Main reason of rape is lake of restriction and education (proper education) of boys of courseThe day when parenst will start questioning and keep restriction on their sons instead of daughters Rapes won&#39;t happen And of course we should provide education to girls but giving education(specifically sexual education) to boys is more important right now

I am missing sameer

<a href="">0:39</a>

BILKUL BHAI

Nice video ️

 great video bb

That was superb seriously

Best video

Bb aap jesi family cahiye .... life must ho jayegi yrrr

Sure

This is a great massage ️️️

This is different but heart touching ️

op bro

BB always makes us speechless!

Best video by bhuvan bam

Yes.

Emotional kardiya vai

Seriously proud to be bb fan

️

Jisne bhi ye video unlike ki uski maa randi  hogi hi confirm 

Justice for Noor Mukaddam.

️️️ Good Bhai Love  you

This is the best video I&#39;ve ever seen    proud of you BB

On Point.. :) :)

Wah very very  nice Video...

<a href="">0:40</a>

make chuu very good video

Thanks so much  for thisgood inspiring video love you 

I just got goosebumps when the video ended at this point <a href="">4:54</a> 

He tries to give moral education in his every video ️

️️️



️️️️

Sahi mei mene video dekhi thi yaad nahi thi tobhi titu mama ke 3 options mese mene ekbhi nai socha  kyunki buri mentality is the cause of rape 

Proud of u

Hats off to you bhuvan bhaiyya...really such a nice msg u have spread through ur video 

Rape happens because of porns.



Sad for views on this video, this video deserves more views and awareness. Public literally chutiya hai

Chachi Bhai 

️️

Maturity is when u realise BB influencing everyone in his video and where as carry never able to influence like this ️ still he is no. 1 just bcz of gali

Youth of this generation will change this country

Proud of uh bb bigg fan

Salute



Best video of yours️



Proud of u bb but Indian education system hi aisa hai kafi school me to reproductive system ch cut off kar diya jata ki teachers kaise bole aise hi rapist janam lete hai Indian education system ko awareness failani chahiye par in ki faat ti hai salo ki sala kachda system.

A good lesson to all the rapists in the world. Why should a women always suffer?Luv ur videos



Sahi bole tum save girls and womens

Proud of you ....loved your content but this one was too good I had tears in my eyes 

Whenever I se this tedhe medhe ad I bought a takatak

Animals b safe nhi h aajkl to I would like to request u to please make a video on animal cruelty which is absolutely worst. You are a favour YouTube u can inspire people through your videos. Thank you

️️️️️️️️

Respect ️

️️️

️

Respect ️

Only one question to allKya erotic content rape ke liye thodi si bhi zimmedar nahi hai????????

Sex Education Hogi to Har Maa Baap ki Bachi Vergin ni rah paye gi, Sex Education ka Pata naa hona ye behtar ha, Porn Sites ko Banned krwana, YouTube pr Ishleel Gaane band krwana ye sab rokne se hi Ye sab ruky ga, Hijaab krna taaky sab alert rahein ke kon ha ye.



Maa or bahan ki gaaliyan to tum utubers hi sikha rhe ho,. Ch***i word ka kis video m use nhi krte ho

Proud of you bb.... 

Good message ️ BB.

Bilkul sahi kha aap na bhai

Right sir 

For this video I am proud of BB SALUTE TO BB ️️

Sab ki soch easi ho jaye  hm bohot preshan ha hr koi gandi nazron se dekhta  ha ghr wale Dar k mare hamari study band krwa k shadi kr wa dete ha hm to apni life jee he nhi pate  bohot dar dar k Jenna pardta ha Zara sa dupatta seene se hat jaye easa lagta ha badan se kapde utar gye hr koi sochta ha ab to lrkiyan  safe ha lekin ma ham safe nhi ha nhi ha hm safe

bhen ke lovdo ko sadak pe khada kar ke huntero se maro !! 

Itne km likes. Isse pata chlta hai apni janta ko sirf cringe pasand hai talent nhi.

True gold worlds sir Heades of you BB KI VINES

This is my most fav video of bb. Just love him for this. Whenever someone questions me that why I like him so much, my ans is this video. Many more. But this. Is the best.

true man

Nice

Right sir

Everyone needs to watch this

Yes sir

I used to do this with my ex, I used to ask her to give me the no. of Auto she used to travel, I used to care about it.

मीडिया द्वारा भी महिलाओ को भोग के रूप में परोसा जा रहा है

Respect this think ️

Itna condition ki koi jarurat tha ???  Yeh karna woh karna 30 min k bad phn karna Ja kar karate cls main khud hi to chor k a sakte the 



<a href="">1:51</a> best

Kya baat h

-Love This Video ️

This is next level. .... The real video

Thanks a lot ️

Love you sir and Thank you for your video 

Salute...BB&#39;s Bestest video

Thnx bb

Share as much as possible

Respect women

Sach me behat achhi msg di bhai aapne and Your thinking is also very good. I agree with this and in this video I did not laugh at all, but you appeared a good person.

That is the reality 

bhai baat dil ko chu gayi we are the change this country

Hum sbhi inki video galat batate hai lekin inki video ki double meaning smjh jate hai ...iska matlab yhi hai ki hum sab jante to hai lekin accept nh krte hai ki hum v gali dekhte hai  porn dekhte hai     ....this is true

Jo v ye video dikhate hai ye sachhai h youth but koi manta nh agr sbhi ldke ladkiya apne ghar me khulkar baat kre unhe knowledge ho to wo kvi rape nh krege na hi ladkiya dar- dar kr jiyegi

Jo ye khte hai ki Bhuvan bhai galat video bnate h unse mai yhi khugi kam se kam wo khulkar bolte hai or hmari thinking to galat. Nh hoti bhai inki video dekhne se or hme jo bachapan se in sb topic pr bolne se mna kiya jata hai ye karan hai rape ke agr hum sbhi ke ghar school hr jgh khulkar baat ho or sbhi ko knowledge ho to koi v kisi se jabardasti nhi krega ... please understand

Kash ye 20 million log jinhone ye video dekha whi smjh jaye to shayad desh ki soch badal jaye



You are a real Gem for a reason that&#39;s so true yrr Proud of you ️

This video cross 2crore views woww its a huge achievement

Sote kopre pahense

️️

I&#39;m speechless bhai hatsoff to you for making such a video and spreading awareness 

I really like how BB convey his message through his videos. He is using his power of influencer in appropriate manner. We should need to educate our boys not girls that respect the women and start from your home. I&#39;m also teaching my younger brother from his childhood these things. Thanks for sharing BB.

Matter of fact..per capita rape numbers of india is far lower than european american and african countries

Bhai Log Bahut Hi Acha Kaam Kar Rahe Ho!! Har Ek Insaan Ka Ye Farz Hai ki Hamari Family Ki Suraksha Hume Hi Karna Hi Hai!!

Great.

️ we all girls facing this situation every day

I have told to all my girl - friends and said sorry for that And told this about to my class teacher

Mummy papa ko bhi aage aakar baccho ok samjhana chahiye kyuki hum sab Sikhsa ghar se hi late he .Mummy papa khud sex education ke baat ko talte rehte.par unko baccho ok San samjhana hoga kya sahil aur kya galat hain .

1.Har rapeist ko maut ki saza na milne ki wah se 2.ladkiyon ke kapdon ki wajah seA sach hai bhai scientifically Isko wrong mat bolo

Right sir

Very important topic. Thanks bb. Please make more videos like this

Who are seeing video after dhindora

 so ture

Ladko ke havas ka shikar hote hein ladkiya ladke bhi dhoodh ke dhoole nayi hote ye ladke

What happened in Sunbeam School Lahartara, Varanasi is totally unacceptable.

Salute 

LOVE YOU SIR JI

proud  of u Bhuvan sir 

Your the best BB ️

Yes, SeX education is mandatory for all

best video

The likes are 10% of subscribers

Tnx b.b️ we girls love you

<a href="">0:21</a> brother yes we are in that generation 

Bhuvan you are really an amazing person. Your script touched my heart each and every line was specialLove you bro and proud to be your subscriber

This is best pice on youtube 

Best content 

Good 🇮🇳

️



<b>2019</b> 

Love you

Aaj mere sheher me 3rd class ki ladki ke saath rape huaSir aap hi start karo hum support karenge

Hats off girl&#39;s  ek ek din survive kana kitna mushkil hota hoga 

Sameer fuddi kaha gaya in sab bato ki beech. Usse bahar bhej diya lagta hai.

<a href="">0:00</a>

<a href="">7:00</a>

मुलायम सिंह यादव यूपी पूर्व मुख्यमंत्री ÷कहते है  बच्चे है गलती हो जाती है 

खुद अश्लील बाते करो अपने विडिओ मे वो चलता है और ज्ञान दे रहे हो रेप पे...

Some time i forgot they all are same ️

Sahi baat kahi h

Moral education means what exactly... Foreign me sex education dete hai waha rape nahi hote kyaa... Gurukul band kar diye gaye... Bacho ko vedic sanatan shiksha ki jaroorat hai... Videshi cultrure dhona band karo apne sanskriti or aage badho

BB you are the best ️

You&#39;re amazing bro you have a great mind with a beautiful heart 

️️️ Chetak

Proud to see this 

Amazing vedio and least views woww society u guys show ur aukaat

So imotional 

️️️️️️



Wow ritu mama salute

Surat ho ya kitchen

Bakwas Video

Who is watch 2020 recommend this vidio

Great topic do some more on this . And CAA and  NRC

This video has a good message but the awareness and sexism is done so immaturely. Men aren&#39;t the only ones raping, you know that? This video is misogynistic. Bad.

Great video

WHAT A VIDEO 





जरूरत  तो बस अब लडको की mindset change karne ki   hai

Great message ️️  salute sir 

Hats off you



️

Bilkul sahi he ye video



Jo apne Video me GF bnakar...thukai wali baat krta hai...by bancho n Sameer foodie character...wo ab gyan de rha h..

:(

Bhai Dil jeet lia

Bhai bahot darr lagta hai baa behen ke baare mein soch kr

Who is irritaded by bingo add

Thats true....umar dekh ke balatkaar hote h.....

Very good

Aj ki vedio Kamal ki thi

is desh  m kanoon toh hai magar lagu koi nhi krta,jurm  prove krne m hi aadhi umar nikal jate hai

To make everyone aware of consequences of doing rape , the government should implement a law which states that 



&quot;ONCE A CRIMINAL  IS CONFIRMED AS A RAPIST NO SECOND CHANCE TO PROVE INNOCENCE WILL BE GIVEN, THE RAPIST WILL BE EXECUTED IMMEDIATELY AFTER THE DECISION OF JUDGEMENT (as 7 chances were were given to 4 rapist of Nirbhaya before their final judgement , THIS SHOULDN&#39;T HAVE HAPPENED)&lt;Hashtag&gt;



No_Second_Chance_To_Rapist

Great bhai great, but pls Women dwara hone wali mentle rape ka bhi video banao, Ek bahu jhute case dalke sas ko jail karwati aur Upar se Mard use paise bhi de.

Thanks bb

Thank u sir ki aapne is oor logo ka dhayan khija or jagruk ho log or achhi soch vikasit ho uske bare me bataya thank you

Yrr unlike krne wale sale pure rapist h tabhi unlike kiya

Good move but why promoting porn topics while talking about moral education ! Dual standards,.,

Nice ️️

Iss video ko dislike kaun karta hai yarr...

best video ever.... huge fan ever.. bb k vines





Tedhe medhe

I am boy but it is sad to feel it why only boys can be free and get freedom girls should also do that

Is vedio par toh ek bhi dislike nhi banta  bewakoof log

Abe Chutiye kitni baar tedheme ka ad dikhata he sala


