Does anyone have the lyrics of the shayari played in background when Tanu talks about her bf...

Who else not fall in love with imperfect Kangana ! She is a Ultimate Natural Born Actor She can deliver any role with ease

Background music is 

Which background song should you listen to?
What is this song?
Mindblowing actresses

Someone find me this qawali /song  that plays in background from <a href="">1:33</a> To end, Cuz this is not on album songs.please let me know if someone know. Thank you in advance

last me punjabi konse song ke lyrics he ye video me
Madjavan the iitian great.

Madhavan Kangana ️️
Kangana looked so beautiful in purple dress and those lovely jhumkas

1.34 please song name anyone please please

Best ever background music best movie

Baliya is really very beautiful...
Nice

Last song name pls

Madhavan is just awesome 

Can anyone tell me the song played in the last

Kangana is the best

Song name at endind playing

The change in expression in Maddy...Priceless 

Pappi ji* You don't want anything else but you don't want anything else.
This is called taking something.
But no girl should do that with anyone
Back ground music kha milega

Love for madhavan

<a href="">1:34</a> jo gaana hai plz tell me name do
Kangana is queen

Miss u Madhvan
talented Kangana ji
H mast

O ladki

No mam

In the end I got a shock...
Earings are so beautiful

Kangana 
What is the last song?
What is the song?
R.madhaban is my fvrt actor.. n now kangna is my fvrt.. she is looking so beautiful in this movie.

Friendzon 
The movie is awesome I just loved the acting of Kangana she is amazing I just love her

if its a comedy movie i will i star out 5.if its romentc movie then i will give6 star out of 5 kungana is a allian came to teach us acting

Luv kangana️
1 of my fav scene From this movie...

Rmadhawan  is a fine actor

They look so good together..

When will I get to sit at such a station? When will this Corona end? Please protect us Lord!
What a stunning, beautiful Kangana is ...

Bhiya, please give me the song before the scene.
Madhavan.... Has a cute smile... 

Kya shuru se film h....I have never seen it so smjh nahi aa k kya shuru se film h rhi ho rhi ya beech hai
Madhavan is natural actor
Please full movie uplode. Kijiye

Khanki magi ruined two peoples lives

this is called cutting by saying
If this had been a gender reversal scenario.....today&#39;s  pseudo feminists would have literally hung the boy on the basis of pure ethical and moral backgrounds

You ran a lot..
Madhwan: Tanu ji…uh… why did you wait till your happy night?
What is the song called right before this scene when Kangana  is chasing to get to station??

Ye what bol dia kangna with
Kangna is favorite

Ouch! 
I really like the song at <a href="">1:34</a> - Does anyone know what that is pls??

best part in the movie

Bhenchhod ye to pyaar se nuke kar di

Background song konsa hai nice song
In this scene I was feeling that from here everything will be fine like in old movies but here there was still some work to be done. This is my favorite movie
Please yaar request batao is song ka naam

Anybody tell <a href="">1:36</a> minute song

Please tell me how to downlod song in 1: 30 is used

Yaar he is the best actor.... Kaam karavavo isse...
Sharmaji 
What can you say without any hesitation just by giving expression to your voice? This is great.
said the taste
This is what makes me want to eat ???
Brother put the song before the scene, I like it very much but it is not available anywhere please.
Kat gya chutya
I am proud to be a sharma hahahaha its my nick name by my friends. 

Playback music at 0.53sec

Hair colour is not suiting kagna

Mein agar madhvan ki jagah huta to kangna see pyaar kar bethta real mein......she is such a lovely girl



Which song should I play last? Pls give me your name.
Nice Sean, lovely

Kangana ji is not your answer
The maid gave the door to eat on the ground.....!!!
I have met Madhvan once in Malaysia he is a true gentleman..

Video o me jo background song h kay koi bata sakte ho song ka naam ke hhea
This is what we are doing today in the name of marriage and this is what we are doing by confusing all the boys and making the children so much that they do not hesitate to do so if the girl gets married, then please take care of me, please take care of me in all the words of this unconditional love. ab
Plz tell anybody the background music song 1.36 min

Mannu ji's eyes look so sweetly at someone with respect that one falls in love with their eyes or with innocence.
Plz full movie

Super acting both
<a href="">0:53</a> the background music is awesome. It&#39;s the best romantic music
ilove in sharmag
What is not said yet, let's go to the poora katwa.
This scene is totally out of blue i didnt expect such direction from 1st time director

Yar which movie is this.  What is the difference between tanu weds manu and tanu weds manu returns? ? Please explain.  I saw the movie this part wasn&#39;t there

Loool nothing appen

Issiko kehte hai chutiya katana
Very nice

Madhavn's smile is very cute
Can anyone tell me the name of the song which was like background song

Mannu bhaiya l lagye
Real Samperan 
R Madhavan is outstanding actor.i love his acting.

Plz plz plz
Someone plz help me to find this full song which is use in this video.<a href="">1:37</a>.

Very beautiful kangna

Stop and run away. The dream is not yours. Show the dream and you can fulfill it. The basic steps of life are clearly visible and only then the chances of reaching the destination are 100% free. Hey, it should be right. But don't spend time on it. Just stay on the right path.
Full movie plzz
One of my favorite movie full movie plz

Superb actrees 
Inki jodi b bohot cute lgti h
Geo Wadali Bros... .. . Love from LAHORE

look at the thumbnail properly,and also Kangna in Queen...we can see a slight tinge of Waheeda Rehman when young..

great acting by r madhvan and kangna in both part of tanu weds manu

Maderchod movies h lawdi

Gangana g i love you so much hum se bhut pyaar karte hai g i miss you so much
One of the best actress.....

KLPD

This scene breaks my heart. 

Best heroine after Madhuri
Anybody please tell me the song name which played at the endPlease reply

Kangana best
No doubt kangana ji is superb actress...but r madhavan is also very fine actor....bina ek shabd bole sirf facial expressions se sab kuch kh diya....

Maddy I like you so much

Bhai full movie upload kro
Hahahahahaha Stop going Sharma ji ???
My fav kangna 

Jhakkkkkaaaaasssss Jodi hai tanu and manu....
The marriage stops until the boy's heart breaks.
Full movie upload kro
Undoubtedly, The best couple after SRK Kajol..!!Maddy- Kangana...

eat the right food 
Superb movie. ........

That's what KLPD is called..???
This is where we put salt on the web 
chutzpa moment
Kangana mam is so beautiful

Best ever movie
Amazing superbbb movie..
Perfect masala movie

please upload movi

please upload movi

Nice one like to bnta h 
AMAZING VIDEO... &lt;3
