Bollywood m jyadatar sex hi chlta hai. Aise hi ni star bnte

Who told you this SWB?
This is a wrong thing...it is very wrong to put someone else's photo and see it...itne jhoot bc...for viewing...you can see your heading and open the video...maybe I searched for it. What have you done, come on top of all your videos...this is wrong, posting someone else's photo...you can delete my comment..these are all the prostitutes, all of them have suffered ass...fucking... If you like a picture of your sister then how will you like it for viewing...its like this but for viewing it is too much to say that someone else's pic is about someone else's...if you have made a video then that would be more. If you keep running then this Jhoot Chod do...from which view there is no more report...your channel's profit is going on, this trend is running due to the Jhoot of report
Bhosdike is from Pakistan and is also earning money from views by tarnishing our name.
All polls have opened on Xmaster.
I am 100 coments
Source: trust me

Are you interested, Aishwarya Rai? Your channel is not there...isiliye nazar me aa nahi raha...whose original logo k pas gaya na, Usdin to beta tu gaya...
I want to become an actress

who else notice that this muslim  men is only targeting hindu actresses,we shame to call them hindu ,but where is the name of Zarine khan,sana khan etc.

mumta kulkarni surveen chawla priyanka chopra aishwarya rai
audio

Rambha Urvashi Menaka Apsaras Tilotthama Aishwarya Soundarya Chaubhagya Name Give Reason
salman is virgin 
Not Just Bollywood actress, all the traaf do this chut come aaj bhi filed bus inko chut mahan hai 
Raees movie toh dekha hi hoga us Pakistani actress thi wo bhi shayad bollywood actors aur directors ke saath hi hu got this role soon 
Pakistani
Our country is at number 3 in shame.
Preity Zinta
there muslim h na?
Lanat hai bollywood pr

Did the actresses mention that they did these type of jobs.... Don&#39;t assume anything from your own mind my brother!!!!!️️️

Islamic Quran
ranvir singh and karan johar

But how do u know..??
It&#39;s fake 75

Fake  story and don  wrist you anergy

op

Are u  kashmiri
Bro background sound

surveen chawla
Shame on bollywood that&#39;s is why I even like bollywood 

Surveen chawal bolti hai i was lucky waah

I am the future producer

It is better to become a beggar than to become rich by selling respect.
Bhai ap confirm pathan ho

Bollywood  all acctress sex karti ha

Mat becho ok

Kuch ban kiye apni ejit
It is useless if you have to do something less beautiful then you should not do it that way.
It's not rhythm it's rhythm
I wana to become a director 

Wow wow brother
Bro not correct video fake

Brother, someone made a video?
You will eat a lot of meat, son.
This is the true story, friend. You are 100% correct
Indian jungle billi 
Did they came and told u??

All this things happening female are not good.Diections and in general makes will pay for it.They are really unlucky human on earth.Thank you for important informations.

There should be a LAW IN THE COUNTRY.......FOR MALES ....YOU CANNOT TOUCH ANY FEMALES.... EXCEPT (MOTHER/SISTER &amp; WIFE)

Anab sanab mat boko
Bbl

Shame on them let them burn themselves these are  very harmful people to the earth

Haan…chutiye tune to kamre m ja ja k dekha h…n….. idiots
you are wright all the people they are bedroom girl

Why is Urvashi Rautela's photo put in thumbnail?
Ture said

You wright 
Jhuta

Who is this Jihadi pig? Watch the video of Halala's breeding and read the comments.
Indian jungle Billy
My mother told me that yes everyone
Google pe dekha tha phle

Why are saying in appropriate things

Wow

Who told you all this, why don't you bless someone like this?
