She’s brainwashed

don't think anything friend
Stunning and gorgeous

Jankpur ji batted 5 years ago
After watching Bawal, Mili,.I became her fan.Her face is so innocent.Her acting skills are so Organic.Stay postive people will talk nepotism and bad about your family.Concentrate only on positivity.

JANVI IS SO HOT
We love you jahnavi
she looks man

<a href="">14:35</a>

I could see a lot of South Indian soul in her. Especially Tamil.

All i can hear is honesty in her word... i was not her fan but now I&#39;m ️

I love her authenticity. I hope she&#39;ll always be brave enough to show her real heart and people accepting the way she is. In order to get liking she doesn&#39;t have to pretend someone else, ever hopefully.

For me , It&#39;s the emotion with which she is conversing ️ you go girl 

It&#39;s the swearing. Got me to take a pause

See her simplicity and those jhumkas!

She is a friend of sajal aly also after mom ️️

after watching this interview i became fan of jhanvi

The Heavy PR campaigning of these star kids is on EVERY social media platform. The PR Works really hard to build their image by making them go to temples and donate to the poor infront of the paps that they call . They also carry out workshops for these kids to answer all kinds of questions in a structured way during interviews to win people&#39;s hearts. The PR Team designs their fake college degree or acceptance letter and spreads it to the masses. Moreover , on every post there are 20 paid fan pages and that spam good things and Hearts for the star kids many times. The whole comment section is filled with fake fans. They pay to get more followers. I know that jhanvi&#39;s PR team will try to delete my comment too. Because i once used to work in such Teams before. I know the reality

Crush

What can I give

King*

Take ur time

I m a kind will u be a queen

what real
Beer bejdo 4 box scotch 4 aur weed
Manager number dates
Just be yourself  ...I love the way u r talking...be real always  ...because  real is rare  jannu  ....

<b>Not sure why people hate Jahnvi Kapoor on  just being a star kid.  She is really honest, sweet and an amazing person just like her mom.   I was searching everywhere on Google and youtube, why people hate Jahnvi Kapoor and this came up. May she get good movies and people understand her potential</b>

I think u r good beautiful talented actress

She&#39;s so amazing ️
&quot;She&#39;s going insane when there&#39;s no shooting&quot;  Get a life girl everything is not about movie n theatre there&#39;s another world called nature connect to that. This&#39;s why filmy ppl are having depression n what not. Get a life again m saying god bless you 

No Makeup Original Beauty  Just Love her!!! ~sam
Why is no one talking about the fact that she&#39;s ALMOST wearing no makeup and looks beautiful !

Damn.. She so cute..

Janhvi kapoor ️️
People dont like sensible women at all and certainly do not want to date a woman like her. She is emotionally stable, highly sensitive that is so beautiful but she expects alot and there is not going to be anyone or anything that would match her expectation. She has a fun side to show to people and has a different philosophical and serious side to her. She is so vulnerable yet endearing. Love her! I hope she stays like this forever..

Also she is confused

She is underconfident at the moment She should be confident herself

Outstanding interview which ever seen

I’m sorry I loved Sridevi but jahnvi is mostly wooden in her performances so far! Maybe she will get better!

She seems to be quite knowledgeable about movies  &amp; wise.. but her acting needs to improve!

her accent exactly sounds like sodumb kapoor&#39;s! why she is copying sodumb?!

I wish she knew how to act!

Janhvi is very sweet cute beautiful talented innocent actress in dirty bollywood...

Janvi is very beautiful and she has a very good heart too️️

She’s awesome, born a star 

why the  such a big mic is placed in front?

janhvi Kapoor, you are in my heart, in my soul, in the blood of my body, I love you janhvi
Janhvi is just awesome n simple..lots of love dear...

What is this obsession of comparing Sara and Jahnvi in the comments section of an interview of Jahnvi? I too personally like Jahnvi a lot but why do we need to state our dislike for somebody else to show our love for Jahnvi! I hope we realize that this actually speaks volumes about us! Ridiculous people we are!

she deserves all the love from this world 

Well propogandet interview by Bbc organised and paid by her PR....but we as public are not fools...well u can go for picnic to las vegas without your parents concern and can pay millions to your PR..common talent takes a decades to reach until silver screen ..nothing more than privileged nepo shit..

i am her fan she is so beauty full very soft spoken she deserve to be sris daughter

Love the way she thinks! &lt;3

I&#39;ve developed a major, major crush on Janhvi Kapoor post this interview. Such a gorgeous, honest and endearing person

The interviewer seem fake in the accent.

She is really good very good

Miss you sri mam
She is a good speaker too️
This is what people like. Plastic surgery done to the high heaven and then fake Desi values. These kids all put on an act

She is going definitely a long...way️jahnvi️

This is how the interviewer should have been. nice work!

hey well said jhanvi didi its brave to be naive

She&#39;s well Suited at &#39;MUGHUL&#39; at tradition Object to perform. The way she Accelerate is fair enough. She&#39;s from MAQBOOL icon.The BENGAL TiGERAwesum

Am i the only one who really like this interviewer?

Her vibes are so positive &lt;3

No fake accent, no rudeness, this girl is just so natural! Love love love! Lots of respect for her.

Jhanvi : The only that I might have going for me is I think it&#39;s brave to be naive and I think somewhere I let that show when I act.I think that vulnerability might hopefully come across. So I am scared to become think-skinned and like ruthless.......Me : Wowwww....actually wise beyond her age...in love with her soul.

Who&#39;s this host?

She is honest and grounded. This is the first interview of her I am watching and I really like how passionate she is about her work and not into too much glamour and fluff.... only issue I have is please don’t be a dharma girl, you are way better and very well deserving than that.

Thick skinned isn’t what people think it is - the real meaning is her . The bravest people are those that can be vulnerable can be naive can be soft. If you have to show your thick skinned your not really. She’s totally cut out for this !

Among all the newcomers like Sara and ananya ,jhanvi is going to be the next big thing.

I wish u sustain this innocence fr ever n do not become fake n rude with time in this fake industry...

She has a very calming and likable presence, Jahnvi. Despite her privilege, she has experienced more than her share of sorrow and heartbreak: losing her mother at such a young age who was no doubt her guardian, her mentor, her friend. I was honestly very worried and sad for Jahnvi but I am so happy that she took that sorrow and, based on her upcoming projects and the way she is so dedicated to honing her craft, channeled that into growing. I seriously wish Jahnvi all the best and lots of success. If she continues to work hard, maintain her beautiful humble personality and stays true to her passion, I think she will go far :)

️️️️️️. Please type Damaru Kathak Kendra and watch my dance tribute to Sridavi ji ️️️️️
She is wow, really beautiful actress in India 

Her simplicity is her strongest weapon. People talk shit about her but is just so amazing  

Very honest girl I love way she speaks

Shes very humble and that came across before she even entered the industry. She has a solid understanding of cinema. If sridevi was alive she would see her daughter blossom. I watched DHADAK off chance and found both ishaan and her performance great.

Jhanvi perhaps is the most ugly looking person to jojn Bollywood.  He nose is flat and bog mouth

She&#39;s much better than the other star kids. And a decent actress too. We definitely can&#39;t call her bad. She&#39;s sweet, polite and humble. And she&#39;s striving to be an &#39;actor&#39; and not just a &#39;star&#39; unlike Sara and Ananya. Those two seem to be focusing more on PR and being out there (which is their choice ofc). Like see Janvi says she feels happiest on a film set. But Sara and Ananya seem to be more into doing interviews and photoshoots than the actually &#39;acting&#39; part.

rubbish !!! her mom died under mysterious circumstance !! nation is still griveing and missing her mom and she is going on as if nothing happened? useless and farce  and yes also plastic!

I love this girl

She is so Preety and looks to glamorous on simple dressing

She speaks so well and she has such a childlike touch in her like a little cutie baby but look at that voice man so sexy at the same time.

Tbh more than the video I loved reading the comments.Idk why some people are always hating on her. Reding comments on this video makes me so happy.Finally this girl is getting what she deserve and that is love,love and only love. You have a long way to go Janhvi. Love you precious. P.s-I really want to meet her and know her personally.

I used think to think that this girl is very preserved and fake but like she dropped the f word. What else do u need?

she: talks abt money heistme:omg wtf same janhvi same
so cute

Valimai update ketu sollunga boney kitta
She reminds me of a young Katrina Kaif with her personality

she is soo good

After deepika ,she&#39;s is so beautiful
Lots of Love for Janhvi

Janhvi I love you
Shamless daughterGet up and fight for your mother

Best interview everr

More power to her for being so vulnerable and owning it, there is so much power in being real and staying authentic. Eventho sometimes I too wish she was a little savage, i&#39;m glad she&#39;s being her true sensitive self. I relate to her personality a lot so this is comforting &lt;3

Jhanvi is far more better than sara and soonam

She is so raw! And that’s what makes her beautiful.

She&#39;s honest talking she&#39;s kindness and pure heart 

Janhvi kapoor best&#39;
Why is the host speaking in a British accent? He lives in India and he is encouraging British accent. Shame on you Bro.Shame Indian bhaiyo beheno like zaroor Krna warna aap asli indian nahi

She really very cool and humble ......

The girl is truthful. Nice.

Janhvi ️️
She is so pure

Jhanvi is kind of actor who admires cinema, if I&#39;m correct. She will watch and learn the craft. She will watch more Oscar nominated movies, more classics, more drama movies, and will learn from it more. Whereas Ananya Pandey is this gen wanna be actor who won&#39;t try to watch any good movies, but will mostly watch chick flick movies and show that are only fun to watch.

Janvi you are nepotism product

Big fan<a href="">#Love</a> you dear 
Purest Soul

How eloquent she is...in my head I compared her with how sonam speaks in an interview using phrases like stuff like that ,you know what I mean and fake american accentI felt cringy

This girl is wise and passionate about her craft she has pinch of innocence also.But even after all these qualities ,she still receives hatred due to this nepotism debate Now opposite of nepotism is also doing wrong and is unjust to these ppl

I like her , i was indifferent towards her but seeing this interview i think she&#39;s innocent which mature actresses lack

U acted very well in gunjan..... but it is wrong choice .Go through ur mom&#39;s way, incially sri mam acted glamour role. You act as many as like ur mom specially south . Try to work with telugu director k Raghavendra Rao. He teach u how to be on screen smile .ur smile is not at all good like sri mam. She is great <a href="">actress.you</a> have to do very hard work to reach ur mom place .

Honestly don’t care what anyone says she’s a pure soul. She’s honest and down to earth. Whereas Sara is smart she cunningly knows ways to make people like her.

She&#39;s a beauty inside and outside ️

Janhvi Kapoor,  a brilliant actor in the making. I love how expressive her eyes are, the innocense, the vulnerability, the honesty and how they speak volumes️

One thing is sure. Sara pr team worked really hard to make janhvi down. If you see, what janhvi did that bad? Ppl trolled her too much.? Janhvi is innocent, poised, and humble though ppl trolled her. Even sara is worst in acting. Janhvi is the only competition for sara so then sara with her pr stunts she succeeded making janhvi as a bad person. But im sure karma will. Sure hit sara for what she have done to janhvi.

i hope she does tamil and telugu films as sridevi was half tamil and half telugu and sridevi made her nane i tamil cinema

She is very kind and honest girl with sweet heart

Himanshi khurana
Liked her in Gunjan Saxena. I really want her to do well and wish her success. A long and difficult path ahead.  hard work always pays off.

Jhanvi great
Do not watch star kids do not support nepo kids enough is enough

Jhanvi is love 

I vomited when I saw this dung.
She&#39;s so sweet, always loved her!

Trashiest entitled kid of a celebrity mother! Talentless! The one and only undisputed legend of a Bollywood, an exemplary human being and a national treasure, Sushant Singh Rajput ️ Complete boycott of Bollywood, do not click on any of their videos, do not view, do not comment, do not like or dislike. Down with Zoya &amp; Farhan Akhtar, Javed Akhtar, Shabans Azmi for supporting the influential criminals guilty of murdering a national treasure, an icon, a legend, Sushant Singh Rajput. All Bollywood celebrities have shown their true colors...Bachan family, Akshay Kumar, Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh, Kareena Kapoor; not one word requesting inquiry into a murdered legend, SSR. We will not be silenced or distracted or fooled by Rhea, Pithani, Pancholi, Khan, Sanjay Raut, Shiv Sena, Baby Penguin, Mumbai Police. Indians, all over the world have their eyes on Republic TV, Ujjwal Trivedi, Ishkaran Bhandari, the Supreme Court of India and CBI. Maharashtra Govt and Mumbai police are involved and protecting the true criminals. They have reasons to cover up the murder of a legend. All their actions and mishandling of the case are evidence enough of their guilt. Shameful that major Indian media channels are still not giving SSR the fair share of coverage. They’re scared...just like the Bollywood celebrities. If SSR fails to get justice, the common man of India will have no shot at justice ever again. <a href="">#Justice4SSR</a> <a href="">#CBIForSSR</a> <a href="">#GlobalPrayers4SSR</a> <a href="">#BoycottBollywood</a>

Love you’re enterview... you’re so honest and so matured. Watched you’re movies Suxana gungen.. very nicely acted

I wonder if she knke her father is her mother’s killer ?

I love to see how overly modest and humble she is. Even though she&#39;s so privileged, and she&#39;s STILL down to Earth. The fact that she addresses this, and goes on to say how she should be grateful about the fact that she was born in such a family, and not take it for granted that she can get all of this easily, atleast compared to other people in the industry. The number of times she reiterated the words : &quot;I think&quot; is sole testament to how her perspective towards the world is. She believes in her statement, while repectfully telling the world that &quot;This is MY opinion, if it offends you, I&#39;m sorry, but this is how its going to be&quot;. She did say that she&#39;s not a big intellectual, or an intelligent human being, but all these traits, humility and wisdom, and most of all her being honest with her followers, is proof enough that she might just be (she is).      :) I mean, as far as I&#39;ve seen her (which isn&#39;t much), I feel that she&#39;s quite sensible, and even though she might not know what she&#39;s doing, she knows where she wants to get to finally, what her destination is and what she&#39;s destined for. She knows how to express herself while not hurting the sentiments of others. And, personally, she&#39;s the kind of person, one would like to take on a date (getting ahead of myself here, presumptuous - 100), and get to know better over a cup of joe, speaking freely, genuinely and candidly.I have also noticed that she speaks freely and openly, but also speaks sense. She doesn&#39;t speak gibberish, she takes the time with her words. One can actually feel the those words being filtered from her brain to her mouth. Last but not the least, I think she&#39;s extremely pretty, she carries herself with such grace, and she might not even know the amount of beauty she harnesses, but it&#39;s a godly amount, and that&#39;s one of the many things that make me go head over heels for her. Much love to her, and everyone reading this. &lt;33

Janvi the most terrible actress

Nepokid.Nothing else..Dharma Dharma and   Dharma

Have you noticed all the Fake comments praising her? Total Paid comments.

I think she is beautiful

RIP Jhanvi Kapoors career

Hearing all good reviews about Gunjan Saxena. good luck.

U look like ur mom janvi , ur moms eyes u have  very beautiful gorgeous girl indeed .rest in peace shridevi

Saw one movie daily.... Still didn&#39;t saw her mom movie&#39;s

Well brought up .like her simplicity she is hardworking she will reach the same heights as her mother

Really innocent and sweet girl.dont want her to get lost in the Big bad Bollywood

Fudu

&quot;But I think I gave them a reality check with Dhadak.&quot; Takes guts to say something like that! She&#39;s way more honest than Sara yaar. In the beginning, Sara was def a breath of fresh air and was really likeable, but then when she saw how everyone from the media to the audiences was going gaga over her &#39;relatability&#39;, she got too proud. After that she became really annoying with her &#39;Sara has got no filter! Ask me anything!&#39; talk everywhere she went.

Iski puffy eyes 
Chill haters. She&#39;s cool and talented!

I LOVE YOU...

Abhise buddhi lag rahi.u need botox under eyes

I hope she shows her talent and follow her mums legacy if she delivers good performances.

I love her️ and the interviewer is also very smart

She is the best star kid amongst allLove and success to janhvi

At least she is truthfull. She really has her honesty.

Terrible voice she has unlike shut up

BEST INTERVIEW EVER!!!! 
wow shes soo cool and real. i love this

okay let&#39;s talk about other actress but first of all i love all the actresses of the Bollywood industry i think they have a unique style and a bright character of their own , let&#39;s say actresses like ananya, tara they&#39;re all like in the spotlight now but i don&#39;t think there&#39;s anyone like janhvi she&#39;s so real and she never gets fake like never ever she&#39;s just being herself here and in all the interviews and that&#39;s what i love about her unlike other actresses.

These Janhvi Kapoor's jealous fans here are bloody jealous souls...I don't deserve to speak good about my favorite so they are trying to down Sara...Yeh Bhi Sara You will not be able to match the intelligent level no matter how hard you try...just try to copy us.
I think other actresses have to do a lot of make up to do an interview but jhanvi is so honest that she is still sleepy but she doesn&#39;t did any makeup

I&#39;ve always loved her. There&#39;s something about her voice and i cam see the honesty in her eyes. I think she&#39;s the only actor who doesn&#39;t act off-cameras. Everything about her is so pure and refreshing. Way to go Janhvi Kapoor!

she seems much concerned about her work like her mom, Bless you honey.

So pure  love u janu
Omg now for the first time u spoke about your mom which all her fans in Indian already know n that&#39;s y because of her humbleness, clam, respect gained through her work,,U need to speak to people who worked with srji in the South u will implant her skill.... U have the right toooBut please no bad language n un decent clothesC srji for all her awards was just like a girl dressed coming from her house called IndiaShe was a part of every Indian family... Admired by all

It&#39;s only your Mom has fans all over  India not  anil or boney or any so called family.....N the secret to ur success is the South industry n ragavendra jiDon&#39;t waste time in bollywood.. Let bollywood welcome u

You&#39;re still young it takes time to get better and better you&#39;ll get better like your mum your mum was a great actor and you  got great confidence

I have seen her first movie .......her acting is good........ and she is also smart and intelligent girl

&quot;i think it&#39;s brave to be naive&quot; says everything about Jhanvi. I know she&#39;ll go a long way like her mom, Sridevi ji.

I feel like Janhvi kapoor is total opposite of Sri Devi.

Very honest interview Janhvi,  Sridevi mam will be very proud of you.

I love this star kid

It&#39;s given nepotism exists in every film industries in India, but there are star kids that no one would know their background b.c the family itself is private. The kids have their own career or something pre movies or in other cases one wouldn&#39;t know them if they too had some amount of struggle and they went away and came back after retrospection. In those cases audience will understand there&#39;s no PR machine, family/friends and big names spoon feeding by giving them the platform and opportunities easily. When star kids are independent and have talent and roles without influence, audience can forget about his/her background. Bollywood doesn&#39;t have that like other industries in India b.c spotlight is on them and no amount of media is to be blamed b.c producers and directors have influence in the media.

Starkids Chato re chato re chato re Star kide kide kide 
Pure hearted...
Obsessed with her

Why the fuck that masjid Mike’s in front of them 

Sridevi bought up Janhvi well. She has south Indian genes in her. work hard and just focus on ur work. Sridevi always used to say, Let movies talk.. Janhvi should do the same. I have never seen Janhvi saying bad about anyone.

Another Star kid

Fok..u

Nepotism. Such so called strugglers <a href="">#SSR</a>

Sara Ali Khan is just another Sonam Kapoor, which is ironic because the true kapoor is Jahnvi Kapoor... Srideviji brought her up very well &lt;3 RIP SRIDEVIJI

Sara is very sharp and cunning knowing exactly what to say when, while Jahnvi is so honest, down to earth and such a talented beautiful bubbly girl&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3

All plastic and no talent.  

Ok she&#39;s dumb...3...2....1....and the bashing for this comment shall begin

She is idiot

Had she not been Boney Kapoor's daughter, she would not have done the jewelery business till now.
Ok, she is humble.

she&#39;s getting such a great role before having done much in her life as playing the first female pilot...a real life hero will be played by these over-advantaged kids by a rogue man like karan johar who will throw a thousand better, more deserving outsiders under the bus for her...people are going to love this movie... this karan johar is a rogue.

Who put that mic in front of her face.

Love how genuine this show is,  love the concept.

Why mirror in the background... Such horrible set up and lighting.

You are super sweet, fresh and honest..Wish you  a fabulous future both in movies and in life.

One of the best interviews I have ever seen.

She is so beautiful n honest with herself ️ love u Janhvi Kapoor

janhnvi cutie
I am sleeping Today&#39;janvie Kapoor People think one movie a Day  and every Time  director  3 . 4 days gym movies swimming traveling people I love traveling when I think experience good observed people in reality host story of zombie apocalypse now likely to new college couples  kide teen-age to dhadhak I like ISHA  like I am honestly they Tirupati balaji temple if Janvai needed she very inocent girl she never interested in useless comedy movie  janvai silently don&#39;t give bad word,s this called a girl in Bollywood industry may be different kind of of look daily it&#39;s new generation old is gold in this genaration kittens BBC news taken my salary I want to make move storytelling on Bollywood celebrities and Hollywood celebrities storyline  SALMAN KHAN is with me  Swag SA swagat  we both will not show off our Face  after my birthday personal Life my salary&#39; bring janvie  Swag SA swagat tense less speak HINDHI ‍ if you don&#39;t know English fluently  camera please janvie tenceless I REALLY don&#39;t I don&#39;t think what people think Subscribe Aasian ️ BBC news

This is her home I guess. See a picture of her and her siblings and her father next to the sofa table

My God...this interview almost made me emotional..I love her and her honesty. if she stays like this she will become a brilliant actor one day.

Hi janvai Kapoor I was sleeping I was going gym I go to the gym ever day in dance academy my most alive fun in fun camera 1 2. Hours because I have been  marks prastasting so much to learn people of your country 🇮🇳 you live I thinking age carcter it&#39;s marking a person. Yaya ok  both are very giving nice speaking  weldone  how Many people have dhadhak likely honestly lots of people rubbing my self butter it&#39;s I don&#39;t know to yes yesterday I said to put cash in my account number you see you eyes you look your hair style  your constration this is not imotion expression hear dady  is faithful father salute sir I want to play this condition ️ I will STARTED Kathak dance academy it&#39;s that possible how many what are you expecting from this placement my presents have given chance people stopped her parents not allowed because this video is vital in hole this year top year  swage. Sa. Swagat her passion is moving her.  Goal is Bolliwood Celebratie zingat. I don&#39;t knew janvai Kapoor your daddy name other wise I will say all about yourself LIFESTYLE Specially  learning VJ ALVIN from Mumbai city hosting peeping moon and pinkvilla and DARMAHA PROUNSATION press the bell icone  ALOO

Epitome of beauty!

Guys let&#39;s not compare Sara or Jhanvi, let them both shine. There&#39;s enough space for both these young actors, nevertheless Jhanvi is amazing and intriguing, i can&#39;t wait to see her more on screen.

Janhvi is soooooo sweet

it was really a meaningful interview ....and for Janvi i must say she is very calm and keeping the energy to the film release... and it will happen... at right time ... best of luck....

What an endearing personality

Wow. She is wise and emotionally very intelligent ️

She&#39;s so lovely and so intelligent well spoken. Wishing her so much success.

She is such an awesome person.. not only is she absolutely gorgeous.. she is so genuine &amp; raw &amp; humble. Loved this interview

She is so much better than the overated Sara Ali khan, sridevi is shining bright on her

Her humility and real ness is what makes her relatable. She acknowledges her privilege and is serious about her craft and career. I cant wait to see her display the acting prowess that she’s passionate about learning.

I lv hr ️ ️ ️ and also is is better person nd actor thn sara... She is not a fake person that&#39;s y i like hr very much ️️

I‘m surprised to see comments sections, people are only praising her so that they can degrade Sara. What a pathetic jealous souls, why can’t you just write about her instead of bringing other girl which is very different from her in all aspects. Janhvi fans are obsessed with Sara , never forget to mention her and say something bad about her. Grow up people and stop this lame comparison. Just focus on your favorite!!!!

She is definitely going a long way...

Ananya , Sara speak their mind .... Jhanvi speaks her heart... After this interview I am officially your fan Jhanvi....

she is so lovely

She is so genuine 

I feel she can be a writer

Love uh jhanvi... Keep blessed.nd I think u r very honest..️
boring interview she is fake

My favorite Bollywood star the beautiful  Janhvi

For a star kid,I have to admit she&#39;s intelligent and focused than say willow Smith or the Kardashians

Janhvi Kapoor reveals what her dreams, 

What did they say come see <a href="">

Such a lovely person! ️

I love her voice
Love her earrings 

Such a lovely girl!

no pls
This is someone that SHOULD BE A STAR. She is honest and humble.

i like Janhvi&#39;s movie choices and her  love for the art of cinema !

Beautiffffffffffffffffful janhvi

Very humble, honest and genuine. Sridevi did a great  job as a mother, as well.

Pure as hell ️️
I don&#39;t know why people criticize her due to the plastic surgery she had undergone. All the gorgeous looking actresses had undergone plastic surgery at this time . At least she is not fake and trying hard to learn new things . I really appreciate her efforts  and her dancing skills 

Her voice 
Hi jaanvi Email me text me please meet u soon lokhandwala. Jitendra

Biggggggggggg fan of u jhanvi 
She never plays a victim game that&#39;s a good quality.

My God as a young girl you have matured a lot .i think you are very pretty .don’t change..I like you as you are

I love her interview.. please make more interviews of her.. she is very honest while taking.. also she doesn’t speak nonsense like Ananya..

She will become a star becuase KARAN JOHAR has planned to make her big like ALIA BHATT or else she would have not been in bollywood

Sara is a mediocre actress and tries so hard ( very contrived ) to act “desi” and come off as “relatable” which many gullible fans of her easily believe. ‍️ Jhanvi inherited her mothers acting skills &amp; doesn’t try hard to be liked or to be “down with the common people” . She is just herself &amp; for that, I appreciate her

Her acting in Ghost Stories surprised me . Didn’t know she had acting chops. Must have got it from her legendary mama.

SARA IS WAY MORE CUNNING AND KNOWS HOW TO FAKE IT AND GRAB AUDIENCE ATTENTION WHERE AS THIS GIRL SPEAKS FROM THE HEART AND IS HONEST. LIKE IF U AGREE

Even a 9-5 job can&#39;t be left behind, please don&#39;t live in this delusion !!

Earrings ️
This interview is so refreshing. All Karan Johar (in KwK) talks about is- who are you sleeping with, who were you sleeping with, who are you planning to sleep with next

I don&#39;t know why people compare Jhanvi with sara... Both are different.. Jhanvi is more polite and humble in nature....sara is very playful, joyful and jovial, care free girl.. there is no points  in comparing these two... if u want to praise Jhanvi just do that but pls don&#39;t drag sara and vice versa.. peace out ️

I miss her mom being by her side now , with her immense experience she could gave some nice brutal facts to her about her input in the industry  just survive and succeed .

What is jhanvi’s  language growing up, when she mentioned the language was a problem within her experience..

Such clarity of thought and expression for someone this young. She comes across as very genuine too. Interviewer has also done a great job. Enjoyed watching this.

Jhanvi
Wow so beautiful

She is far far far far better than annanya pindi. Infact these 25 minutes were better then Sara&#39;s torturing kedarnath, simba,and TUM MUJAE TANG KRNAE LAGAE HO film

Janhvi Kapoor is “naturally” humble and etiquette. She does not try too hard to be genuine and authentic in front of the cameras. Sara Ali Khan tries hard to portray a certain image, for people to like and respect her. Her dancing seems way too rough, and she tries so hard to push the moves, and it’s so rowdy, loud, and obnoxious. Janhvi classical dance is very smooth and natural. I feel like Sara tries too hard to be like Janhvi

so glad to see Jhanvi is as soulful and honest as her Mom Sree Devi - Jhanvi has been nurtured so well. BBC Asian Network; thank you for sharing (:

She is so genuine...

Well people dislike her because she got certain privileges that was handed down to her unfairly. She doesn&#39;t deserve it because she is a bad actor.

Great interview- just came across this channel 

I always knew she was a beautiful face and never really cared too much when she debuted. But her first movie was really good and so was her acting. And over time, seeing how she is as a person I really like her. I hope she doesn’t let bollywood change her once she reaches the top because trust me, she will reach that level

Sending lots of love jahnvi  such a pure soul

i love her like heeellllllll
Why don't you make eye contact with the camera?
I really dnt know why people hate her!! She is such a lovly soul

I like jhanvi but i like more and more Sara 
U spoke ur heart with no filters jhanvi.. U will achieve everything in ur life soon

Dunno y d fu*$#%g world comparing her wid tht Auntie Sara who just got d edge in d industry due to her parents As she’s d by-product of nepotism entirely while she get so sensible n I hope if she continue with tht sanity of her words , could be a role model to so many instead of an actress .... keep it d way girlll️

Now Thix girl got d grip of herself .... watching d seriousness of her mum as in d start she was too frivolous

reading all these positive comments and praises for Janhvi Kapoor, my heart is swelling with pride. Way to go, Sridevi&#39;s baby girl!  

she is just amazing....unlike sara ....she is so real.....sara just speaks good infront of the camera

She is deep... 

She is grounded and honest. I wish her all good things.

Janhvi&#39;s honesty made me fall in love with her 

I love her voice


Jhanvi Kapoor is really very innocent and very kind hearted person I love the way she speak .... Newcomernewcomer she is the only one she has the bundle of knowledge of old films of  6Os and  many more that&#39;s great about the her...... She is the best actress among all new comers... She is best within herself..... Hope I get opportunity to meet her ....

I don&#39;t like her.

can this host chill a bit and not be too cocky because he has a brit accent or something?

U already touched janhvi

Don&#39;t ever compare her with Amrita:s daughter Sara for God&#39;s sake she is the daughter of GODDESS OF ACTING, THE WORLD&#39;S ONLY LADY SUPERSTAR Sridevi&#39;s daughter... Sridevi&#39;s blood will never fail as fast as acting in is concernedWait and watch..Sridevi phoo phooed even Superstars Rajesh Khanna,Amitabh,jitendra,Rajini,Kamal, NTR, ANR and,siranjeevi when they were paired against her.She was such a talented actress and Janhvi will prove that very soon.

She is more mature than before and more convincing...Her command over language and her expressive thoughts are really elevates her status to different level...her forthcoming films will prove her talent as an actress like the world&#39;s lady superstar SRIDEVI who dominated Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Hindi for 4 decades as child be artist and heroine from Black and White to court to the advance technological l.era..

I don’t like her. Because she almost forgot her Mom she is much more Relax without her mom. Like father Like Daughter . Selfish Daughter.

She is putting so much pressure on herself, she should be more easy and let things happen

Is she gonna act in Hollywood  movies or Bollywood.Can she act in bollywood because she does not  speak hindi.

she is better than Ananya Panday and Sara Ali Khan .

Gosh this girls calmness jus calmed my confusions

Real simple girl raised without any bollywood drama

Jahnavi Kapoor is sooooooooo.....beautiful

Jahnavi Kapoor is sooooooooo.....beautiful

Why is he saying her full name in every sentence? 

God bless you girl. 

She is so pureee

Janhvi is very innocent..

Janhvi... The legendary and the first lady super star beautiful daughter. My favorite....when I saw Dadhak.... I started crying, thinking of Srideviji...... Janhvi no difference between Srideviji. Janhvi had proved that she is an super star daughter. Seriously excited to watch your up coming movies. Specially in Tamil Telugu and Malayalam. And you are going to take the name as All India star..... So that you should reach your mom. God bless

Good luck babe,love you a lot
All these girls need hard slaps and reality check. All of them suck.  Just privileged airheads who have nothing to do better.  They could do so much with their lives !!!! Indian population get infatuated with these idiots.  Young girls watch these idiots and finally hit the bottom.  None of them can act!! Reality check. !!!USA

Jhanvi is too innocent. love her so much.

After all she is the daughter of Sridevi who was not only the great actor bt was a kind hearted human being... always down to earth even being the Superstar....She  is like her mother...

I watched Sara’s interview on this channel but I did not subscribe because I personally found her perspective and her whole exchange superficial.  I am honestly not comparing her to Jhanvi but Jhanvi Kapoor with her honesty and depth and heart and acknowledgement of privilege made me subscribe to your channel. That’s how this interview touched me. Kudos to the interviewer too. Loved loved loved this

We love you from arunachal Pradesh 

She’s so down to earth  I wanna be friends with her

Theek he par nepotism

It is relaxing to hear her and to see her as well. She is even prettier with no make up on.

I don&#39;t know.....why people troll her...i mean she is so beautiful....nd I really like her voice.....so calm...nd if its about nepotism then varun alia Sara they also nepotism product still u guys love them...but why not jhanvi....she is not that good actress as its just her starting....please give her time....

She inspires me all the fuckinh time

She is much much better as a person. Love her honesty.

No matter what I just personally love Jhanvi Kapoor a lot I know there are many people full of Sara Ali Khan and hate jhanvi Kapoor but I am the one who loves Jhanvi and hate Sara and proud of you Jhanvi because you accept the fact that it was very easy for you to get opportunity to do a film specially Dharma productions

My lovely Sridevi&#39;s lovely lovely daughter, you are already loved by people. God bless you, and soon all your dreams will come true.

Loved this interview. I think i just became a jahnvi kapoor fan 

Sara and Jhanvi are 2 different personalities and I see clean heart in both of them. Sara is a little louder and excited ,on the contrary Jhanvi is relaxed and calmr. They both have different approaches in building their careers. Two different perspectives on the same genre doesn&#39;t mean that one is right and the other is wrong. Sometimes, both are right in their respectives places and anyways everybody constantly tries to improvise themselves , especially in this industry. Lets not compare the 2 and appreciate their hardwork. Lets be optimistic in life

I just love her choice of movies

Spot Light,

Just want to give her a warm hug for who she is.I hope everything she works for, pays off soon enough . What a soul !!! If she was in any other profession, we, as her audience, would miss out on such innocent intellect we get to experience from time to time. Always looking out for anything with you in it. Pure delight to be able to watch you pour you heart out and to see how genuinely meaningful words flow out of you. All heart and more !!!

Oh no, there is a frog stuck in her throat

love u jhanvi...for your speaking your mind off ...but always remember that a honest person is screwed up first ...that is why be honest only with the ones tht loves you dear

Finally i think with this people understand that she is a person of dreams, talent,perseverance, beauty with heart speaks honestly rather than like some other actress who overreact and overact

She got many good films just bcz she is star kid but sara didn&#39;t get any dharma except siimba that too she begged for it not big screen space ...she is good but sara is too intelligent

You are really and honest and real janvi. Don&#39;t let anything change that. We love you 

The only talent on showcase: Star&#39;s child...

3- ... Sridevi, who spent two or three days in a hotel room and her heart reacting to the pain of her sad life,In addition to the hidden anxiety and depression symptoms are clearly seen in Serido. Bonnie made that happy, abandoned woman happy by capturing herself into a grieving Sridevi who only laughed but lamented.But because the woman was haughty, showing her sadness was a sign of her failure.Boney knew she was pushing into the heart of the series, But he knows nothing but the business look, and in this way, wilfully or unintentionally, will cause Seridvi&#39;s death.When Bonnie leaves Seridevi alone, then returns to the hotel room and is confronted by Seridevi&#39;s lifeless body, fearful of being a doctor and confirming her death upon seeing Seridevi.There is now evidence of contention, and he is an unintentional killer. Here he tries to find a way out and puts the bath in place and locks the door so that the officers can come in to open it and not stand by himself. He puts the corpse in the tub with the help of his doctor friend and opens the water.This would take some time and then he and his friend would leave the hotel and call from outside the hotel asking his wife not to answer the phone, to see why he did not answer and why the workers went inside. The coroner first says the cause of the heart attack is true. But because the countries have politics and the Mafia are intertwined and dealing with each other, they have declared the scenario deadly. Dubai police know 100 percent that Boney was killed.But for the sake of the two countries&#39; coordination, the issue was silenced. Now she thanked me with that beautiful smile and character with her personality. rest in peace.

2-  ...  Sridevi &#39;s inner life with Bonnie Kapoor was devoid of mutual love,When Sridevi fell into Boney&#39;s trap and became a child, she knew that divorcing him from an Indian cinema mafia would not be possible,so she went on living without love and  and did not put herself in the hands of people speech but suffered from it.Bonney is very ambitious and wants to take whatever he wants, he also saw love as a victory, not a love.When he conquered Sridevi, he was always worried about losing her and wanting to conquer other stairs too. He loves being talkative.Before Seridevi&#39;s death, it was a matter of great controversy, maybe it&#39;s a material issue or whatever, I don&#39;t know, but her doughters know.Seridevi and her heart have been severely under pressure.The whole journey of Dubai Boney is quite anxious and thinking,Returning to Mumbai due to his disagreement with Seridevi , he also takes his daughter away to witness their quarrel and Bonnie thinks he can reach accord with Seridevi on his come back .Boney knew her sleeping vessel would probably have to be satisfied with her leaving. He knows how to disarm Seridevi emotionally, He has always been like a spider&#39;s web around her arm and leg. Seridevi was accustomed to this captivity.They have always had a quarrel in their private home, but this time, they have a quarrel at the hotel, and hotel staff have heard their quarrel and question Bonnie as he is forced to leave the room to go to  the lobby.And then he comes back to the room to find a way of getting the two of them to come to terms with the peace, he has a business look, not a human look,As he enters the room, he is confronted by Seridevi&#39;s lifeless body......

1- I wrote elsewhere that I am Iranian, and I recently saw a dream about Sridevi  at the time of her death anniversary, a few weeks ago, which drew my attention to her distressing death, and I pursued it in my dream  as she wished.  I saw many films of this artist lady many years before her second marriage. It wasn&#39;&#39;t  until a gap at least twenty years after I watched an Indian movie and I heard the news of their death that I was very impressed.  I wasn&#39;t pursuing the cause,  I just heard that the cause of  heart attack was first reported and then drowned in the bath. Both were unbelievable to me, only in cases of unconsciousness or the possibility of being struck that was rejected.However, until a few weeks ago, I saw her dream in a very sad place and asked me to follow up on her death.My dreams have a message and I have a very close relationship with God.This dream left me with a responsibility, and a few weeks later I dreamed, unceasingly, and asked God to explain to me why.Before I say it, she is concerned about her little girl, who is very much suffering from her mother&#39;s absence. she has come to the facts and no one understands her.And yet it became clear to me that with the permission of God and the will of Sridevi ,May her soul rest. She is very happy and satisfied to tell you this.....

Aww we love you Jhanvi ️
I feel she was trained by elders in the industry( maybe kjo) or a team about how to behave/dress/ speak in the interviewShe wears salwar and speaks well- just like aliah bhat in aap ki adalat️who is another karan johar product

Try the article below for proven weight loss theory with scientific publication@t

Dont u think jhanvi kapoor resembles Maria pedraza(alison parker the hostage in money heist)

Excellent interview.   Enjoyed it.   I really liked Janvi in dhadak &amp; looking forward to see her in her next movie specially Taqt.  All the best Janvi.  Xx 

Upcoming superstar Jhanvi. You&#39;re so charming, beautiful, super talented and love your honesty and simplicity 

What a sad life.   I am paediatric nurse . When a child is born very unwell and reaches the point when the parents don’t know weather their baby  will go home with them I work very hard to help this child to recover and with Gods help and go home that’s when I feel my life has been fulfilled .  So go jump in the deep end of the river women

Babe with all heart and soul waiting at Tirupathi...please come my love.

She is very honest n pure hearted ...

God bless you Jhanvi. All the best to you ma!

This interview is the result of having an excellent interviewer...one who asks intelligent questions which brings out the real, raw, human behind the actress. This interview made me really respect Jhanvi. Well done!

Is anyone else bugged by how the interview keeps repeating Janhvi Kapoor when starting his questions as he&#39;s actually addressing them towards her??? Like for example, <a href="">1:46</a> wouldn&#39;t it be much more natural to say &quot;This is a life that you&#39;ve dreamt of for so many years and now that you&#39;ve...&quot; instead of &quot;This is a life that Janhvi Kapoor has dreamt of for so many years and now that Janhvi Kapoor...&quot; it just sounds odd.

JUST LIKE ALIA BHATT SHE IS ONLY WORKING WITH KARAN JOHAR&#39;s PRODUCTION or KJO&#39;s FRIENDS PRODUCTION COMPANY

SHE WILL BE BIG ONLY BECAUSE OF KARAN JOHAR&#39;s FULL SUPPORT..................OR ELSE SHE WOULD HAVE NEVER BEEN AT THIS POSITION

I feel sooo much of Joy and more like a parent seeing these overwhelming comments praising Janhvi️️ Finally people know her worth than fakestar Sara

Damnit I just came across this channel. This interaction. The host/interviewer, Janhvi&#39;s approach towards each question and how he modified it to a string of deeply personal yet non-intrusive questions, her answers being so articulate. I love it. :&quot;

janvi is the so pure and whenever I see her, I miss sridevi even more...we love you janvi and be like that...

I love her, her movie choices is really good. Sara is not as smart as she tends to be...

corona virus gonna sabotage her career

I like all her salwar suits.

Janhvi you’re an amazing person. You just seize us all with that pure innocence. So glad god gave us you especially in these tough times. God bless you abundantly. From an Indian sister from Malaysia.

Sooo beautiful ️️
To all those comparing janhvi and sara there is no point in commenting about their acting janhvi has done acting course and sara has never done that so stipulation overreacting.sara debut was really good love was not cringy is agree but does not mean she is overrated if she is then she would not get move offers other than drama movies .being outspoken is not wrong she is frank and is a open book .stop comparing them They are poles apart.

Love how real she is &lt;3

She is very strong girl kids without mother specially are always more independent and stronger and humble but also smart only they get super emotional and that is what this girl looks like

she is such a calm soul ! just love her

Other than the loss of her mother, she’s a lucky girl.

In terms of acting ability,  Jhanvi is way better than Sara. I feel. At least until now.

She has an interesting line up of movies aaprt from that she should try south movies , they have better story content and scope for performance and they practically God worship their celebrities....her honesty and purity and over sensitivity will help her to harness her roles and get to the skin of the characters ........she was the best thing about ghost stories ...

She&#39;s the best among new generation actors. ️

Happy to see the new generation of star kids at least having a level head and better analysis of reality...first Sara and now Jhanvi..Sara obviously is older so, has had time to hone in on that confidence but glad to see Jhanvi being so honest, open and perceptive.

Her review about herself is exactly what her mom would say. She is too calm for her age,sometimes she looks non chalant.If Sridevi spoke eloquently her talks would be exactly like <a href="">Jhanvi.In</a> her last award function before she said while receiving award from Manish she said &quot;I&#39;m not educated but I&#39;m thankful&quot;,same thing Jhanvi said here around 20.00.Sridevi is an interview said &quot;I&#39;m not vivacious or chulbhuli in real life like how people see me on screen&quot;.Same citied by Jhanvi here.

She is genuine but she isn’t that pretty so will never really make it big

You don’t go to gym when you tired. Period!

Im here to see the comments   coz people are start comparetion between  two young lady  Sara  and jhanvi ‍️

She is very cultured

Love that she is wearing salwar kameez

What a queeen! Real as f!

Jhanvi is anything but pretentious. She&#39;s honest about her ideas, feelings and emotions...which is hard to find these days. Though not as beautiful as her mom, she definitely has loads of talent that needs to be tapped. I was amazed by her acting in Ghost Stories....definitely better than some over hyped actresses of her generation. Talent wise I&#39;d say Jhanvi, Tara Sutaria, Sanya Malhotra and Radhika Madan are most promising.

White suite ️
Insensitive Privilege personified  The 1% doesnt give a fuck about the middle class and working class

So really like a princess, definitely like her mom. Brought up shows here.

Skin goals .
Januuu️️️️️
<a href="">25:34</a> her words&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

I&#39;m totally in love with her ️

She&#39;s so calm and fun at the same time ️

Love  janhvi
She is beautiful and innocent face in Bollywood and she is talented upcoming actress in Bollywood she is a real ..

She is real and practical

if Zoya casted her...that is for a reason....her performance was sooooo realistic in ghost stories....She was 100% SAMEERA....Not like dat over intellectualized gyani bostreous vivacious fake Sara who knows how to make everyone around her love her but doesnt know how to act....JHANVI....go girl...u ve got that real talent ....

She is Sri Devi ji&#39;s daughter, no noise, she will certainly make it big one day. Remember Kareena and Amisha Patel, one was from a film background and the other an intellectual. But initially everyone found Kareena was disliked for her over acting etc, see how she has evolved now. It&#39;s just matter of time.

u r a respite from other newbie-motor-mouths, who talk d same way, behave the same way...she is a breath of fresh air wid her calmness n introversion

LOVEEEE her outfit
She is diva ... she is so natural all time ... so much mature in this age and she knows what she want ... alll the vvvvv best jahnavi .. bless u from Bottom of my heart ️️️️

I love how recent actresses feel comfortable being on the camera and on interviews without a trace of make-up and their hair not done. You will  rarely find an interview of Sridevi when she was younger where she doesn&#39;t have kaajal..lipgloss, gold jewellery etc etc

Omg janhvi is so honest i like how janhji is speaking the truth nice interview . So pretty luv her look too. Good questions and answers. Id luv to see her in one of these movies remakes, saridevi ji was superb actress she was outstanding janvji could reach her due in the movies i think she has cute innocent even in real life. She&#39;s right she has her own identity everybody is their own you are an individual i think if u search to find you u will find you, this will help your characters i think your real on screen thats the beauty of screen presence.

Wow she has my empathy man. Hope she flourish as an actor 

Okay but why this microphone...Both Janhvi Kapoor and Haroon Rashid are doing a great job but I just wanna go and knock these mics out of their faces...

I don&#39;t know why she gets so much hate. I personally think her interviews are pretty pleasant to listen to.

I&#39;m not sure why this show has those mikes jutting in people&#39;s faces, but not being able to see Jahnvi&#39;s face without the mike blocking view is annoying.

I think sridevi&#39;s death made her much more mature...she is craving for success and we should give her...

Lots of love n Blessings for her

She is awesome...

This girl is just so genuine and such a beautiful person! I love u janhvi ️

Wow what an interview

U will get all the love baby

So pure hearted she is

the privilege...lol

Dekha Yaar Sridevi ki Beti, the torch has been passed on to the right hands

she is so adorable. I hope her movies do well :)

I am a huge huge fan of sridevi &amp; I really had my doubts when jahnvi entered Bollywood thro dhadak. I never felt that it was her 1st film. She was too good. More than that, I love her as a person..her honesty, hard working nature, her passion towards the craft are really admirable. Go girl go

Love love love her
U r lit......
Jahnvi......I love ur honesty and sensitivity...People who can share their insecurities, which everyone in this world has, are much more stronger than they think of themselves.....maybe sometimes people around you are very much protective about you because they love you.....but as you also said that you are going to have your own path..it clearly says a lot....I am super sure that with new experiences you will become better and better.....and I can see you in a colourful saree walking to receive her NATIONAL AWARD one day......dont be restless in the meanwhile....I know you have family but keep someone close to you whom you can hug anytime and share everything........Balaji and ur mom&#39;s blessings are always there with you.........love you......keep smiling......

I don’t why now I really very like janhvi really she’s down to earth like her mom and I hope she marked her name in Bollywood and we all should support her she’s really great human being and I hope she improved her acting skills also and waiting for her upcoming movies

I feel like Sara is very cunning and smart, she knows exactly what to say to be liked by the audience while Jahnvi is very honest, says whatever is on her mind lol.

Acknowledging privilege doesn&#39;t exempt one from anything.The point is that you are still taking advantage of this privilege in getting films.Has she stopped taking advantage ?

I loved her since the start. She’s so goood. ️️️️️️️️️️️
The interviewer has a natural pissed off face.. lol

Posted my first fashion vid on my channel &amp; Indian collection coming soon!!!

Such a beautiful soul .. I’m rooting for her

Amma gurthuvastundi jhanvi 
I agree she is simple down earth  herself but that doesn’t mean sara isn’t herself too just because she is intelligent well spoken how is it a crime i see the comments here really surprised since when it’s a crime to be well spoken informed just does not make sense why can’t everyone appreciate two matured newcomers trying to make it in Bollywood &amp; also sorry had to point the fact since here everyone is pointing so called Sara fake ness praising Jahnvi natural beauty there is nothing natural if you have got Botox lip job eyebrows done at the age of 16 then entered movies !

The way she talked about old era movies like Mughle Aazam, Umrao Jaan and Pakeeza.. She is the girl here to rule man..  she is my kind of girl i love, full of vintage and old schooled classic same as the legendary singer Shreya Ghoshal.i really really want Shreya Ghoshal voice to be her voice in her every upcoming movies..she is the woman who gonna nail the role of every movies directed by Imtiaz Ali(Rockstar, Tamasha, Love Ajkal09)Sanjay Leela Bhansali(Her dancing skills are fucking unmatchable)ManiRatnam(his every movie is masterpiece), Anurag Basu, Vishal Bharadvaj, Zoya Akhtar.Hope she be the same ever,  which is the toughest in bollywood.

i never hated her.. she is always lovely and real like all of us.

Mike position very wrong

ask her about her bleaching, nose jobs, and face surgeries - shes disgusting

Great interview ...but sorry to say really badly placed microphone covering her face , what a great slip up !

Yaar, this anchor's accent is not much different.. speak normal English or speak Hindi.. there is no need to become more English..
Janhvi is extremely talented and I can surely say, she has a bright future in indian film industry.New superstar in making.I wish her all the luck and success.Sridevi ma&#39;am ki zhalak dikhti hai janhvi mein.

She should make an ASMR channel 

I  like   janhvi  than  sara  and  ananya

We love u janhvi
DADIE KILL EM ALL

What a well raised <a href="">girl.So</a> <a href="">humble.so</a> <a href="">genuine.so</a> real.Not any actor ever has touched my heart like she does.

I just love her immensely.

Much better actor than Sara

She speaks from heart, not mind... And this makes me admire her... She is real though maybe called rude, arrogant but she is just like how she feels... She never pretends

I watched the ghost stories and the best thing about it is janhvi&#39;s acting....she is good

You go girl.. we will be with you... so grounded n very honest girl you are... These days we see many negative comments... but little surprised seeing so positive comments... it’s all bcoz ur words are very true from ur pure heart

she should workout her body language, like not looking towards the interviewer, searching for words n looking here n there, putting hand on face so many times..

The mike infront of her is so irritating

She is just a little girl my janu baby love you

whereas ananya lots of showing off in all her interviews

she is a pure n honest human being..very nice girl..politeness is in her nature..no arrogance..so true..n she is from a high class family but dont let this appears. .she acts n behaves like an ordinary girl..hatss off to her

Sigh!! Love her naivete and vulnerability.  In this world where everyone is trying to be so boisterous, clever and street smart.  Breath of fresh air to see someone who wants to retain her innocence and embrace it. 

Learning that she is so much professional and motivated in her life even after facing the loss of her mother .. it&#39;s commendable , life affirming and gesture of being a strong lady.. kudos to you Jhanvi.I salute you

Damn......her voice!!!!
She&#39;s so calm and endearing. The way she accepted her flaws is commendable coz many actresses of her age are not willing to acknowledge their faults and privileges. She&#39;s cute and I&#39;m really looking forward to her films ️

her kurta is very nice 

Definitely like her better than all the other actresses in India.

Janhvi is a perfect example of &quot;still waters run deep&quot;️. The dark horse among social media yapping over smart counterparts of her.

Beautiful Janhvi

oh i love you dear jhanvi. you&#39;ll have a lovely career. we khow that.

She’s a sweet girl

Her voice is devine
I love her personality ! She’s so beautiful and yet so simple 

the location is Green Acres Apartment, Lokhandwala (Sridevi ma&#39;am home) where I met <a href="">#Sridevi</a> Ma&#39;am 4 years ago!!! <a href="">#RIPSridevi</a> Ma&#39;am!!! I miss you so much!!! 

Overly intellectualised gyani, vivacious and boisterous.... Ouch! Was that a jab?

Initially I didn&#39;t like her, but over period of time seeing her simplicity and honesty have started liking her. She is not show off, very down to earth lady

Her mother has instilled in her strong south indian qualities like now showing off and be humble

She is very down to earth. I wish, she also acts down South like her mother to make her acting skills stron

What an intelligent, beautiful and sincere girl.

She is such a positive soul. Her true passion and effort towards her craft sets her apart from others. Haters are gonna hate. Ignore them and keep rising girl!! On a side note- love her earrings ️️

she&#39;s so honest and has so much clarity

She’s beautiful 
Jhanvi is definitely a good actress....

Jhanvi u&#39;re a genuine person Hope u all the best 

Is this her house?

<a href="">7:05</a> She is pointing out her shortcomings. Loving this girl so much. I like Sara too but the other day I saw an interview of Sara with Anupama chopra in which she was asked about the backlash she was getting for a particular scene in love aaj kal ( tum mujhe tang kr rahe ho) which Didn&#39;t go well with the audience, she said in her defence that she had only done what her director had told her to do. Jhanvi and Sara are poles apart.

Good luck my dear. Do your best. Keep rocking you are very beautiful person inside.

I could sense, that she was taunting sara quite a few times.

I enjoy watching her interviews more than Sara or any other Bollywood kid.I like her calm and collected nature. And this is what Bollywood actress/actor had like 20/30 years ago. Whilst mass majority of Bollywood stars these days, they are so loud, over confident in interviews.

Her skin is flawless

She is the most real among her contemporaries

Love her
Honest loveable naive individualistic Blessed girl ..GOD Bless her

Can we have Sara here pls????Will love it ️️️

A girl from a normal family would be far more of a great personality to stand where she is now.

To be there, one has to work damn hard. But some get it so easily. Nepotism sucks. Class struggle will always be there.

All people representing themselves as victim but this girl confessed that she hadn&#39;t done anything to be loved by audience She is in the art so much I wish world to you 

She is real and has more depth in terms of understanding herself and the art of cinema...she is trying and has evolved a lot from her first movie. Lot of people  cried fowl saying she is nepotism product but she is far from it. She is working hard and is very visible from her choice of movies unlike an intellectual actress who is surviving basis her interview skills.

She looks so pretty... her face is very sweet

she is extremely shy even nervous for the sake of shynes but she has no other problem this girl she pure hearted

She has done a very minimal Make up Very natural. I like her personality of being humble Simple &amp; Honesty

Wow, she is so real, honest &amp; pure  just like her mother. The way she speak , so graceful. It&#39;s so nice to see that she is  not putting on act like other actress. Dont worry Janhvi u  definitely have India&#39;s love! ️

So good she is.

All the best sweet heart......I love you jaan bahoot bahetrin badiyaa fantastic zabardast.....done very well done jiyo dil se jaan

Wait gunjan saxena
Hi jhanvi You are beautiful. London

Great Interview..Good luck to Janhvi..

such a genuine girl unlike sara hu look  fake now

She is such a gem person I love her a lot! she&#39;s humble, she&#39;s graceful, she&#39;s mature..she&#39;s herself.. that&#39;s more important. Sridevi has raised her very well...

True Art is.......consuming.....if not it&#39;s not trueful

Exceptional hosting.... excellent

Her earings 

When we see her.... We always remember Srideviji. Only for Sridevi  we love her and Khushi forever.

Janhvi Kapoor, who resembles her mother a fair amount, is making every effort to prove herself through her films. Unlike others she is a different person from her too, her intentions with her work is the same. The kind of hard work &amp; beauty maintenance she put in, has been inculcated in her by DNA, and conditioning. She is not here vying for stardom; She is here to do good &amp; satisfactory work.

What a honest girl... pure heart loved her so much

She is super

I Upload A Song I Hope U Like It Its in My This Channel i Work Hard To Male This Song

Iam a big fan

Love her 
Also, I just realised that this is Sridevi’s house.

I think I love her more now that she accepts she didn’t struggle to get into the industry unlike some people... she accepted that she had the privilege given to her easily and that she wouldn’t for a second take it for granted. People should give her chance, she’s new and she’s learning. If she takes this seriously, she’ll become a good actress... stop hating her just for the fact she’s in the industry because of nepotism... nepotism happens in every industry. In a corporate office, in the education system, movie industry... she seems very wise and mature and I think her parents especially her mum, did a good job at raising her and her sister.

One of her best interviews. Good luck.

People can hate on her as much as they want, but let’s accept the fact that she’s the only one that can act amongst ananya Sara and Tara

Adorable ️
Cute ️
️️️️️️️️️️jaaaaannnnuuuuuuu
Wowww! What a girl; poised, funny, respectful and emotional, all at the same time! Kudos to sridevi, for  nurturing her daughter in such a way were she doesn’t think she’s everything (like other newbees)!! P.s. waiting for Kareena’s episode 

I like her so much

She is so honest and real, not trying to be perfect all the time, by saying the right thing or the smartest thing that people applaud her for. I&#39;ve rarely seen a celebrity this real and willing to show her vulnerabilities. In the world where everything seems planned and strategized Janhvi is a breathe of fresh air. She is all heart.

I loved her before because she&#39;s Sridevi&#39;s daughter.. but now I really love and admire her for who she is.. absolutely pure hearted and genuine.

I am big fan
Janhvi is a sweetheart.

She is soo pure hearted.... Can feel that honesty in her words....
Can l know what we call that wood design on the wall of glass ??? It&#39;s damn beautiful

She is a pure soul...makes me want to cry..

No loud obnoxiousness or gyani pseudo-intellect. Sridevi raised a her beautifully!

She mentioned Money Heist, Pakeezah, Umrao Jaan, Mughal-E-Azam (and more) all in one interview. Woman of my dreams  damn

My idol Janhvi Kapoor

I just love her ️
You guys shot it at her house 

You can&#39;t have taken those speakers out of the way??

She is really very beautiful and humble girl

<a href="">15:01</a> excited for Takht !

<a href="">13:32</a> <a href="">17:07</a> Janhvi had many times accepted her privilege unlike Ananya Panday who feels she has struggled so much in life.Slow claps for Ananya.Take a bow for Janhvi.

She is such a pure heart and we can see in her eyes

Tbh Janhvi was a bomb in Ghost Stories . Her acting in 30 mins of Ghost Stories was better than Sara&#39;s overacting in Love Aaj Kal

She is so pure hearted. Don&#39;t know why people hate her so much unnecessarily.

So humble️️
You should have to keep mic at a different angle...@BBC can do this kind of illogical place for  mic...I can&#39;t believe..

My love ️
She is such a fresh breath from all the noise of Bollywood

You are so but for and thank so Mach and God pal&#39;s you

She&#39;s so beautiful and has such a positive energy also her love and passion for cinema can be seen in her eyes when she speaks. All the best janhvi long way to go️

Lovely...
Hi.....

Hello
Hello

Osm and thank so Mach and God pal&#39;s you
