I have learned a lot of truth
Plz movie Name?
People are talking about nepotism in Bollywood...Why Ppl Never complaint nepotism in other fields.

What is the name of the movie..???
Good acting by kareena kapoor

Good acting by kareena kapoor

You are saying this for the second time, I hope you told me to save you if he did not give even then what difference will it make to you? Being pregnant, why is it such a big deal to carry the child? Just a little bit of trouble is there, but the hair is stuck, face. Boils are coming on the body, rashes are on the body, thousands of injections have never been done, urine is coming out rotten because the bladder does not hold the baby's face, no matter how much fever, cold, cough occurs, medicines cannot be taken, because what is the difference if it has any effect on the baby. Yes?Can't wear clothes of your choice because it doesn't fit because you don't like your favorite food because it's not allowed?Depression mood swings, everything has to be lived quietly so that our mood gets spoiled. Our system sacrifices the entire body for delivery in nine months. You can't even imagine the pain you feel during this time.
Actually, there&#39;s a device that simulates the pain a pregnant person goes through especially during labor that can be used on people with penises. Some have even tried it and it was highly unbearable for them which made them realise how difficult pregnancy and childbirth is.

Konsi film he

You are saying this for the second time, I hope you told me to save you if he did not give even then what difference will it make to you? Being pregnant, why is it such a big deal to carry the child? Just a little bit of trouble is there, but the hair is stuck, face. Boils are coming on the body, rashes are on the body, thousands of injections have never been done, urine is coming out rotten because the bladder does not hold the baby's face, no matter how much fever, cold, cough occurs, medicines cannot be taken, because what is the difference if it has any effect on the baby. Yes?Can't wear clothes of your choice because it doesn't fit because you don't like your favorite food because it's not allowed?Depression mood swings, everything has to be lived quietly so that our mood gets spoiled. Our system sacrifices the entire body for delivery in nine months. At the time of pain, you cannot even imagine, but we bear everything with a smile, because we know that when we see the baby, it will all be worth it, what is the contribution of a father in the whole story. ? ki aahh baby ive come! im sure you have never realized this varun, because you have never been here
Real life dailouge
What's the title of this film...really related
I am 6 months pregnant ...husband is sleeping day and night...really a woman can understand. A woman's drd...Mai 6 months rote rote bita di.....plz pray my baby safe.
Her acting ️‍
Deepika should do this scene then let's see whether she is able to match Kareena or not....overrated Deepika
Kareena is The Best No Doubt Stunning beautiful and Unstopaable

What an actress wowwww 

Kareena mam ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
Wow, what is natural acting, my lioness has given life to the dialogue.
<a href="">

Tears

Itna sb kuch sehne ke bad bhi  agr bacche ko thoda sa bhi kuch ho jae to ek maa ko yhi sunaya jata h ke tum laparvah ho tumne care nhi ki is liye esa hua

kreena&#39;s = legendary acting .. ...akshay&#39;s = worst acting

Sorry to say but from which angle this Akshay Kumar is looking like 30 years old Varun till now he is yet to have the first child...he is already looking like the father of two children...these heroes should still take roles according to their age. ...when will the heroine of the middle age start doing heroic deeds...
Silly

Love you Mom

I felt a lot for the baby.
Kareena kappoors best dialogue ever
My husband also same careless husband

She&#39;s so natural in her character .......  she&#39;s absolutely right men can&#39;t even imagine how difficult situation we handle in motherhood period

Outstanding actress 
Name of the movie

THIS

One of the best ..     actings I hv ever seen

I and we should hate early age pregnancy because it is a heavy burden on females girls and womens 

I and we all should hate early age pregnancy  a heavy burden on females girls and women

She is the most stunning actress of bollywood keep it up kareena kapoor khan akshay paaji didi mam sir appy bhaiya love your amazing movie good news produced by karan johar dharma productions blessed both of yours birthday in advance

She is the most stunning actress for young generation keep it up your hard work kareeena kapoor khan mam appy didi akshay paaji bhai sir is also looking very nice in this movie of good news in the box office dharma productions please like my comment wish you a very happy birthday in advance

I don’t like Kareena but I love this scene and her acting

This was one of the best scene.. kareena ️

7ut

Sex is to be done, children are to be taken and dialogue is being played during pregnancy….wah modi ji wah
Awesome monologue and acting

Which movie is it...??
she&#39;s don&#39;t need movie/cinama - movie&#39;s need kareena QUEEN
Outstanding performance
This happens with me also....my husband don&#39;t even care about me when I get pregnant....he hit me at the time of pregnancy.........he abused me n beaten me at the time of pregnancy

Kareena️
Her acting ️️️️️️️️️
Fantastic actress Kareena Kapoor deserve national award for heroine .. good newwz .. jeb we met .. talash

Fuck nepotism! Only talent matters..

Movie name plz
Omg .. outstanding performance...I love you kareena

Love from prayagraj 
This scene I can watch a 100 times everyday. Wat an actress … I want her to keep working in films for the next 30 years.

Its true line

Reminds me of her brilliant monologue in 3 idiots in front of Virus

This is the best scene in the entire movie ️. Every one can feel these dialogues in this scene

Am a tamil women I donno hindhi but i understand she&#39;s telling about women after birth n pregnancy struggling... I donno my eyes full of tears I didn&#39;t know y

Pregnancy is something that should be romanticized; Kareena Kapoor proves the same.

I also felt crying because I am also facing this situation and this man will never understand

You tell him, Deepti(Kareena)!
Beboo 
Let’s be honest majority of bollywood movies smash when she’s in them , she’s tooo talented idc nepotism or not you won’t see most actresses with the emotions she brings. Period

Kareena ,again wow!!!  Fab in this movie...her expressions ,dialogue delivery that too in one single take with full conviction is applauding 

The most lovable part of this flim. Good newwz was just fab flim and i liked the direction of this flim. All the characters especially kareena was just awasome. Thank you @Dharma Production for creating so beautiful flim. We hope that you will be making more flims like this one.

Kareena ‘s expressions in single take .. wow is superb 

And how
She is the only one I love besides as a nepotism product Because she is all worth it while acting so damn good️️

Dharma production is the epicenter of drug dealers. Boycott this kalank production house.

Boycott adharma productions movies!!!! Adharma productions murdabad!!!!!

Production by Salman bhai n baby penguin

<a href=""> guys!! In this video I have done the acting of monologues from JAB WE MET and 3 IDIOTS 

Was watching k3g last night.....she has come a long way....so natural

mosquito's ass karan johar
Amazing PR work to gain momentum amidst drug allegations <a href="">#KeepItUp</a>?

Superb

Queen 
Loveeeee her 
Drugwood

Everyone wrote comments H
She is the queen  ️️
Dharma Productions Ghand Fat Gayi

This is the wish of you for the whole of India, that the honor and name that you have lost now cannot earn again

Randi Kareena Murdabad!!!!!
Boycott nepokids movies forever!!! Beware of all paid postive comments!!!!

Love kareena Kapoor Khan 
Nepotism channel

@ DHARMA GAY PRODUCTION ..AB TO KSHITIJ PRASAD KO BHI SAMAN AA GYA..AB MAJA AAYEGA JAB GAY JOHAR KI GAAND MAREGI .AUR NASHA UTAREGI NCB .

DRUGGIES KAREENA WHORE

I love dharma productions

Had you kkk

Hijde (Karan Johar) has posted this clip to gain sympathy.
did anyone notice KAREENA is WEARING magical DRESS here as well...............??

for those who dont  know....IT WAS A SINGLE TAKE.......hats OFF.........!!!kareena is best..........!!

Best lines Best shotKareenaaaa 
Love you so much kareenaaa
Happy birthday Kareena

It is right 
Kareena ️️️️
 my bebo. She is the best.

Kareena is the most talanted actress I know . Alia , Deepika , Katrina , Priyanka lie no where in front of Kareena 

Can she just stop being Soo amazing 

Kareena has proven her talent again and again but stupid haters can&#39;t see that. Kareena is the only actress who can give so many expressions in few seconds. If u see her &quot;fevicol SE&quot; it&#39;s just marvelous. My words fall short for kareena️  Kareena is the actress who can give a blockbuster movie without a male superstar . Katrina, shraddha movies go flop when there is no male lean In the film but not kareena&#39;s ️

I am fine with nepotism when it&#39;s Kareena.

Kareena Kapoor is the best actress till date 

She is the ultimate queen and there is no denying that. She is here to stay and kill it for all the years to come.Haters can roil and rot in hell!

Bestttt 
Bollywood drugs lo drugs lo drugs lo
Most of it shot in a single take!!! She is absolutely outstanding!!

Best performance of Kareena in this film it&#39;s makes us emotional

Really? so many dislikes??????n that too on a pregnancy&#39;s related monologue?bcz it stars kareena n owned by dharma?god damn! Sushant didn&#39;t deserve this blind idiots as fans at least

Kareena very beautiful actress. Happy birthday kareena kapoor Khan.

Her expression is always high on point and this dialogue is superbbb....always slaying️️️
She is undoubtedly the most talented actress ever! Whether its k3g, chameli, omkara, Jab we met, Talaash, Herione, ki and ka and good newwz, she has proved her talent in each and every movie and is the best example of nepotism!

Drop a ️ below to send all the mom&#39;s some pyaar! <a href="">#GoodNewwz</a>

Happy Birthday Bebo ️
Kareena kapoor is also deserving nepotism product and I love her acting from my childhood where her overacting is also such natural acting as poo from k3g, geet from jab we met, deepti from good newzz,anjali from hulchul etc  Happy Birthday Bebo  and guys please don&#39;t include Kareena kapoor in non deserving list .she is deserving actress product 

Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing.”

Why are you wasting time by commenting?
She is the best!!!️... the best scene of the movie️

The best movie....one cannot be even bored off a minute!

Love this dialogue from the movie!

I wish haters get some kindness,softness from this video towards pregnant celebrity instead making sort of fun from it!

Akshay Kumar is best ️
Happy Birthday kareena Ma&#39;am 
I support bollywood and dharma productions......let these stupid modi morons shout at u......without u guys bollywood is nothing......Karan johar+king khan Jodi is a legend Jodi.....salman Khan rocksss.....amir khan rocks.....akshay Kumar rocks.....inhi kuch actors ki wajah se bollywood jaana jaata hai bahar ke desho mei bhi.....inko fasane ki koshish b mat krna modi ke Chamcho drugs or kisi b racket mei....Pura desh tabah ho jaega yaad rkhna meri  yeh baat.......it is only dharma productions who gave us masterpieces like bahubali 1 and 2.....i will fight for whole bollywood.

If this is nepotism then I&#39;m fine with it

Happiest birthday gorgeous

unsubscribe You. Good bye

Happy birthday kareena ma&#39;am 
Happy Birthday mam  
All of boycott

Happy birthday kareena

lUbB u ️ Akshay sir
One like for MAA HAI ️
PAWAR STAR PAWAN KALYAN SIR  NEW SONG <a href="">
HAPPY BİRTHDAY MY QUEEN ️
Akshay Kumar's fan
Actually Women is Women... Periods pregnancy is only suffer Women...... Not Man. Please respect women. Bcoz all mom sister are women

( Astrology Guru Pandit Nand Kumar Shastri ji,) Gold Medalist ️••[[ 91-8905415034 ]] ️(When there is a solution to your problem, why are you worried)A stormy solution to all the problems in just 24 hours. That too, get it done at home with 101% guarantee, ((My devotion to the power of Mahakali)) [[Lakhs of people have taken benefit, you should also take benefit]]️ You will not be disappointed, this is my promise to you, Specialist-- ️(Love marriage) (Convincing the angry one) (Loss in business) (Interruption in job)  (Interruption in foreign travel) (Not getting visa) (Home troubles) (Sisterhood, children) (Disagreement between husband and wife) ) (Vashikaran) (Sorcery) If there is a problem, there is a solution, but the problem will be solved not by hiding it, but by telling it, one phone call can change your life, contact,️•• 91-8905415034 
Nobody force you to watch this 

Whose children are you?
Please support my channel I am a small youtuber please subscribe️️

The child is like a gardener
Kareena is far better actress than that overactor Sara Ali Khan. Kareena knows to carry her dialogs and expressions in movies. She is a versatile and beautiful actress 

Wow kiya baat he  nice video

Many Happy returns of the day Kareena Kapoor mam

Maine ye movie dekha hai good news

12th dislike
Love you kareena Khan Big fan️️️
good news movie in YouTube yes or no

3rd comment

Yehh boyy
FIRST VIEW 
<a href="">#golutricker</a>Nice bro

1st dislike 
Supb hheeehee
1 comment yayyyyy ️️️
That random person who,,,&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39; Liked my comments  || i pray &#39;&#39;&#39; may you and your parents live more than 100 years ️️️Friends, my father does farming, and mother remains ill more than usual, and we are three brothers and sisters. Had borrowed some money from the village. Now they are saying that if you don't give the money, we will take your farm and house, this makes my father very upset. When I told all this to my friend, he said that you should make a channel on YouTube and earn money from there. And he gave me his old phone to help me. I uploaded many videos but no one watches my videos because I am from a poor family. I told all this to my friend and he said tell people about your problem there. I said--Who will help me there? Friend said - We live in India and there are lakhs of people here who help people like us. I said---Will I be able to help my father and cure my mother in 4 months? Friend said - 400 subscribers will be required and this will also show how many Indians help people like us. If you don't help me today then who will?| Today one of your subscriptions can save you from the stumbling blocks of the rich. If you all want, you can complete 400K subscribers. If you feel like it, help me. ||Mera name ---Deepak he gav se hu..
