Guys i just want to make sure that this video does not turn into a political debate! I did not create it for this purpose. I hope you guys can see it past that and see how the celebrities we look up to are ready to use their popular social media pages to talk about political topics, they themselves are not passionate about or believe in. When a person posts  &#39;a paid promotion&#39; , from the very onset you know they are collaborating with a brand. But this is on another scale! To agree to match an agenda of a party (ANY PARTY) before the elections for a monumental price, even if they don&#39;t agree with or support that view, scheme or party just shows to us how some individuals are ready to go to any length, no matter what the price. Thank you!

This is y i dont follow most celebs esp on twitter and ignore their political posts! Im perfectly capable of making my own mind abt the performance of current govt and previous ones without celebs or channels telling me what i shud think.

Isse acchi acting toh Zee News wale ni ki thi..

True i don&#39;t follow any of them

They&#39;re actors re baba. They act IRL as well. If you&#39;re being influenced by their endorsements, you&#39;re to be blamed.

What did you expect?... They act to earn money... They are not social workers..

But y highlight just them most are unethical

Un ka account Un ki marzi bsdk, tu famous ni ho paaya to ab moral high ground??
No one will say anything to Akshay Kumar.

They are actors bro.. they literally get paid for acting and sticking to the script. I don’t see anything wrong in what they do.

I Think That The Whole Concept Of Sting Operation is Bit Unethical and Shamefull

<a href="">6:15</a> chad Sonu Sood agreed but BJP but worked for AAP ,Bhai Banda paise dekhta  h .Money matters

3 years late

cobra post is much like alt news its all about narrative bulding

Hold on a second, you&#39;re saying you wouldn&#39;t post political views on your social media for crores of rupees? Every person shaming them in the comments will take the deal in a fucking heartbeat. This is the problem with the Indian audience, we put actors on a pedestal like they&#39;re some model for morality when actually they&#39;re just normal people like us trying to make the most money they can for their family in whatever way they can. Any normal person will try to monetize their popularity if they&#39;re able to do it. Rich people have big bills to pay. Stop shaming people just because you&#39;re jealous that you&#39;re not in their position to make that kinda money. They never claimed to be moral heroes, you put that tag on them. Ofcourse if someone refuses to do such things, that&#39;s commendable and should be appreciated but its not their moral responsibility. People shame shahrukh khan for doing pan masala ads like they&#39;re gonna have his back if he goes bankrupt or like they wouldn&#39;t do the ad themselves if offered for a tiny fraction of his fees  The hypocrisy is real

An eye opener. I have posted in many forums that film actors are just for our entertainment only. Please don&#39;t follow them blindly and make them god. They are paid for their actings.

Hero Who work for social cause Actor this

Prachar karna crime nahi hai..udhar congress ne poora NDTV khareed rakha hai .have u researched about Radia Tapes. ? Pls do.
oh bhai  .. bjp indian celbrity ko pay karta hain congress pakistani celebrities (both pakistani celebs living ini idnia and jinko desh mein dar lagta hain ) and rihanna ko  bhi ... yeh sab politics hain ..

All these stars are  jokers ...good for  nothing .

as an indian, i am shocked, just shocked at these celebrities essentially accepting money to promote a good. i shudder to think what will come next?tomorrow, celebrities and cricket players will charge crores for promoting toothpaste, cars, air conditioners, other consumer goods. how low can we fall as a country?  do you know that in the inherently superior west, advertising in illegal, and celebrities never, ever charge money to promote something they don&#39;t believe in their core. indeed, the word &quot;hypocrisy&quot; doesn&#39;t exist in the english language, it is a loan word from sanskrit.to reiterate, i am a thirty five year old indian male, born and raised in an upper middle class milieu, and none of my relatives, friends or acquaintances have ever engaged in any illegal or unethical act. after all, i am indian. in case you are unaware, we indians are the most honest, upstanding, and ethical people that ever existed, ever, ever, ever. yes, we have the right to judge others, like mr. jmmy pants does often, but we rarely, if ever, self reflect. ok? p.s. any idea if the &quot;non-partisan&quot; outfit that carried out this sting operation pretended to work on behalf of the congress party?

Sonu helped the poor for his own good..

I mean how are people so surprised this is pretty expected

Don&#39;t see this as bad. It&#39;s just that they are advertising. Nothing bad in this. Celebs do nt drink coke or Pepsi..they do their ads? Rite?

Everyone want to make money........

It is unbelievable today to see Sonu Sood in the list

Thank u 4 d video.  It was an eye opener.

Great job 

Then there is Kangana Ranaut once a lone wolf against bollywood nepotism is now the epitome of shamelessness.

I do not believe in sting operations. They are vile and bring out the worst in people especially when money is the incentive. Actors thrive for money and they sometimes do stupid un convincing roles they normally wouldn’t in real life. So to trap them is like this is unfair.

Be it Congress or BJP propaganda is everywhere.

Good job 🇮🇳
Quite blown out of proportion. All, the sting operation, your review, the reaction, and above all - the actors.Surprisingly, i wasnt surprised at any actor accepting to generate their narrative for any means. Thats a human nature. We agree to elect the supreme most chair, by popularity and majority - not merit.

C&#39;mon man I don&#39;t find anything wrong in this.Celebrities promote things in which they don&#39;t believe for money. Pepsi, Cola, Gutkha, Beauty Creams etc. I don&#39;t care if they promote some political ideology indirectly.All News channels promoting BJP&#39;s ideology or agenda on our face clearly.

Cobrapost's sting operations are being cut down.
You are clearly biased.. 

Not my hero Sonu Sood But,  during the pandemic crisis, he helped his country. I don&#39;t get it 

I&#39;m glad to see that i never ever trusted Or got influenced by any celebrity ever!!!!. And also I feel proud of myself that even though I&#39;m from a middle class family mai paiso ke liye kabhi ni biki, sach ka saath diya jab bhi diya. Like these celebrities are so rich, still for just some money they sell their soul, disgusting, totally disgusting all r bastards. And I&#39;m shocked to see sonu soodh doing this!!!!! I mean he was helping so many people and here I saw he did this disgusting thing. Just can&#39;t trust anyone at all...

Not surprised seeing Sonu sood in the list...Whatever sonu did for the poor people was for his own interest..

I felt mahima was being sarcastic.

It means if any actor who criticizing government and praising government then it means he is doing it money.

BJP k alava sbko as a &quot;political party&quot; kyu Bola gya video Mai.  Actors ko serious leta kon hai Bhai . They have zero intellect Swara and gang Ka sting Dalo kbhi mza ayega.

What did you expect firstly it’s Bollywood secondly it’s India.

AND JAMMY TOOK THIS PERSONALLY 

They are actors and just acting for the cause we can never get to know what &amp; when they r saying anything with whole heartly &amp; truth

But tbh I feel maximum people to say yes are the ones who aren&#39;t big enough and doesn&#39;t have work and are probably suffering.But I feel this was necessary.People, remember that the biggest stars yes, THE BIGGEST ones too sell their words and we just follow them like idiots.

What pieces of trash.

would sell their soul for money

Awesome job sir.....

Then akhay kumar has also done it by texting in his twitter account jay sri ram 

Actually I am really shocked to see that sonu sood is included under such crucial matter yarr....I didn&#39;t expect to hear his name especially now in current situation after looking his covid relief related work 

OK....so how much money did you take??? 

Sonu Sood exposed

This video is misleading peopleWhy are you giving wrong informationMahima chaudhari denied to do that, show full videoYou are just showing what you want to prove

Let&#39;s talk about you, how many good works you have done?? Jadahi bolta hai shalla

Good job...
you didn&#39;t sting operated swara bashkar kyunki vo AAP ki best friend hai isliye ?? just  asking

Bhai ... My genuine question ... Which idiot is listening to these idiots? It&#39;s our foolishness to value their (the ones who become choo**ya) word or deed!

I am 2 year late hear to say my words but a youtube channel exposing actor the camera is just there at side of the one making offer and more over everything is against one party ok i can say ok i will not say much there will come hate for saying this also but everything seems more staged than the whole election and all stings came at election sonu sood and many still have my respect this few youtube post can&#39;t change what he did in lockdown

Why is nobody talking about the people who offered them money and recorded them

haha they only went after actors who had previously come out in support of BJP in some form or shape! That&#39;s shady in itself. But the good part is, none of them seemed to have echoed they are already on the payroll.

Bro I was waiting for swara buaskar

quite honestly watching alot of vidoes of this guy , this youtube channel seems biased too. ispar bhi koi sting operation karo

Now Sonu Sood is a god

people are selling their soul for the money 

There was a day I really admire actors because of their fame. But now when everything seems LOL.

Bharat ki Janta ka toh pata nahi but actor logo achche din pakka aa gye!!!
Inse jyada exposed to BJP ho ri y

That&#39;s y never believe in these celebrities

Just here to remind all that Sonu Sood can sell his soul for money too 

The best line -apna bhiru bhi phas gya️

Where is AKSHAY KUMAR 

Ajay devgn, akshay and even vivek bindra the youtuber do this almost openly

I wasn’t shocked to see shakti kapoor.

Good job bro. Salute ur effort in making such an informative video.

Shameful….. SRK is advertising pan masala…. They can do anything for money

We should believe only and only OUR point of view to get influenced on any topic ! I don&#39;t get it that why we make them real heroes ? They aren&#39;t ! They are just actors who get paid to ACT ! Go and get influenced by their good works in cinema and not their good works in social media. 

Now a days even influencers themselves take huge money for these kind of promotion

I wanted to know how much Kangana was making from her twitter account 

awww such a revealing video... but only bjp?  badhia h ek hi ka naam lo &quot;biased nahi lagega&quot;.

Half knowledge and information are dangerous

They will do even this for money! They earned so much money and want more now 
I remember being shocked at the celebs when this expose first came out. So many years later , after having used numerous influencers for my company ( I am in retail not politics), I have  realised ,the main issue lies with the political party not the actors. They went to the actors to use them as an influencer. It was them who degenerated their party as a mere product who they thought actors as influencers can push. The actors , saw themselves as just that and charged monies for their posts. It’s the poor public who gets conned by these TESTIMONIES. For everyone else, votes are just a product that needs to be consumed.

Good job
tried and refused production is also doing a leftist supporting propaganda , he left out the scams and other parties that are against BJP  !Mister you are quite genuis illuionist or a dhokebaaz

Sonu sood…well now all your sins are gone.
Ye sab saale kamine h bloody suckers should be jailed but as u knw bjp is not gonna do anything

Sonu Sood? ...Hope he has changed!

Sonu sood  fuck my life can&#39;t believe it
Personally I don&#39;t have an ounce of faith in them not even amitabh or Dileep Kumar. If anyone believes and trust them then good luck to their IQ level. Who trusts and follow actors and singers dude!? Only donkeys and this stand of mine had been since childhood. Thank God for blessing me with this common sense.And at last it&#39;s just common sense dude.

Shakti Kapoor is a real villain in real life ..

Shakti Kapoor always goes to phase... Sometimes in sex scandal and sometimes in politics.
Mahima is a nepali...nt indian

Why people are not talking about this

Brother Kunal Kamra, how much money did he give you? Sorry, Dhruv ne chata hoga tera so u decide to upload this!
Every single actor is a failed actor....once you start doing anything to get money you loose fame and money both down the road

When Prashant Kishore does it for tmc and other it&#39;s ok but if actors do it&#39;s wrong why I don&#39;t know. Country run through narrative facts and works doesn&#39;t matter. That is the main thing which bjp learnt in 2004 election results and its using it now.

Modi sucks
By exposing Salman Khan
Jhoot moot ka celebs
Salil Jamdar laughing in the corner

How come Sonu Sood? If that’s true then what he is doing right now also makes me wonder the authenticity of his acts.

These people are from Chawl they will do anything for money no character 

This makes sense a lot after the Sushant Singh Rajput tragedy. Nobody opened their mouths coz no one paid them to.

Plot: CobraPost journalists went to the Actors, to film them agreeing to take Money.Shoot khatam! Bas!

What a friend, everything is always a vegetable of the evening. Who will vote on the issue of login? Media people are fools, everyone is busy making money.
Bollywood movies is making Indian audience dumber and dumber.

Oh my god I can&#39;t believe Kailash kher

Now you know where Sonu Sood got all his  funding!!!

But this is true even for congress as we have seen toolkit after toolkit from them :) see bro whether BJP or Congress or AAP these guys will do anything for money. The problem is you give them power you take them seriously. Stop giving them attention and the problem is solved. If you go gaga over their tweets like this ooooo rihanna posted about congress agenda oooosonu sood posted about bjp  this is because you give them the spotlight :)And who knows you might even be a congress stooge who edited these videos out of their originals and posted them on youtube! They are that desperate to come to power anyways

Bollywood is all about money and mafiasm

It broke my heart to see the sood wala
The political leanings of Cobra Post is well know, and even clearer with the choice of celebrities for this sting.The opinion of every bollywood celebrity is for sale, none of their support and position is without a kickback from the concerned party, from every end of the political spectrum.But they chose the specific ones, and some counter plants as a balancing act.The actors and everyone associated with acting field are dumbfucks of the highest order and should be treated as such. And degeneracy, of every kind goes without saying.They&#39;re the awful influence that we&#39;ve allowed to exist as a society. None of them are intellectuals, as some will have us believe.

so @TRF so why only the celebrities supporting BJP are being targetted? were you deaf and dumb when Mahesh Bhatt, Amitab Bacchan and Khan gang was constantly praising Congress and SP?

There is no income from movies, I will not be able to earn income in any way.
I am a good follower of your videos. Most all good, this I don&#39;t agree you done any good with either celebs or fans.Every one know Vivek is not hero, but we likeef to watch him on screen.Amisha, public like her. Shecis no bigger than my elected leaders if he lied.We all know the truth. We still enjoy bollywood movie and idealise screen heroes.

Sorry T&amp;R, this was you last video I watched. I doubt if you also have some agenda posting this video and got paid for it. Feels like you are targetting a political party with this video.

Great work 
This is just targeted expose, why aren&#39;t top actors targeted?

All for BJP

Give her maximum log..
Sonu Sood scam got exposed

Everything is fake nd unreal ...everyone needs money ...infact u people need money too....

The reason why Irfan Khan said once not to make actors and sportspersons as heroes.

YOU SHOULD VE ALSO TALKED ABT CELEBS WHO REFUSED TO TAKE THE MONEY

Where is kangna Ranaut

Sonu sood broke my heart 
Disclaimer - This video is sponsored by the opposition <a href="">#Bjp</a><a href="">#ModijiHATERS</a> SPOTTED

Get that

They will stoop to any level... Shameless people... This is my take if its an original verified video and checked

That&#39;s why i stopped following all of them. Hard to tell who&#39;s real and who isn&#39;t

They should never get involved in politics wow 

But in the list Cobra (mahaguru) is missing

That&#39;s why always tell my friends, enjoy the movie if it is good one.. don&#39;t be a fan following.. In our country we made celebrities like God

How is this not more popular, YouTube Algorithm?

They get sold by money doesn&#39;t matter which party pay them, all they speak depends on money

so @triedandrefusedproduction’s only motto is to blacklist those actors who campaign for bjp... that dumbo is talking as if other political parties dont but actors at a much higher rate! do ur research!

People are becoming  corrupt  day  by day.

Cringe worthy.
i m in lovewith your voice and with your work man. and thanks for the advice to not follow actress or actors blindly

Hmmm influencers youtubers everbody is doing this now. People just have to be smart and not follow anything blindly and form their own opinion without outside influence.  They have followers they want to profit from it. It their choice

Why are we still not boycotting such shitty actors the uncles and aunties .. buy Netflix or Amazon , zee5 , Hulu ,hbo watch international shows or movies which makes sense there are hindi subtitles and audio available.

We know who wants to spread a propaganda against whom and what in this video..

Great job bhai.. Keep doing this types of video more

Its not a surprise, every political party, every brand want to influence their products and they give content to these actors and these actors just act. And that&#39;s their job. If something is wrong its with people who assume actors as heros

What do you mean &quot;watch the vids before they are taken down&quot;- who would take them down?  Government censorship?  Would it be complaints from the actors?  The political party mentioned in the sting?

Nora no offense but the guy was right. N u r not wrong as well. Hate  me for what u can

Crores for simple tweets? You can&#39;t blame them...

Good this needs to be exposed

Thank you so much for putting this video out!

is this true? or just cut and post from a different context

Akshay Kumar's doing like this. Many secrets will be revealed
Oh my god. I had no idea about this.

<b>Youtube suggested me this video</b><b>Maybe B*p It cell isn&#39;t working properly At the moment !</b>

you guys are brave to do this, I respect your integrity

You think Me too was legit? 

The best video of Tried and Refused Prductions I ever saw

This is your best video. Thank you.

Why did you approached them as bjp approach them from congress or aam admi party actually you are spreading propaganda and agenda

<a href="">6:48</a> This video is still not taken down.. means it was a made up video with a script and some actors doing their things...This youtube channel is exactly what  i thought.. a disgrace

His voice is slightly similar to Akash ambani

btw Congrats all the NDA came back to Power in spite of these naive attempts by a channel I live for Sarcasm, stick to that and punch beyond your weight, you can at best be a Pawn in a political game and nothing beyond

I am very keen to see when  a &quot;normal &quot; person says nah man I am not going to do this for 1CR. Tab asli maza aayega .

Didn&#39;t Rihanna do the same?

BJP 
Latest one toh poora bik gaya.....Aamhi cobra
LAuda ka celebrity 

This YouTuber is liberandu

Judge celebrities by the work they are doing in their respective field. If they are doing something outside of their forte, I generally do not pay much attention.

I don&#39;t think it is all about just money. The people who don&#39;t do this and voice against the government get raided by IT department or get a lawsuit against them in the name of hurting communal feelings.

Bollywood world has never been a place for intellectuals, largely, all of them can be bought in lakhs and crores. Let&#39;s not support the disgusting bollywood movies rather just stick to good stories from local film making industries or watch hollywood movies with good content, good stories.

People are stupid bcz lot of big starts who promote products which are unhealthy directly on your tv then u dont care about it and u eat and drink those things without any shame then who is the  <b>***</b>

Soumya tandon rocked.....Refused the offer.There is a reason she is most favourite bhabhi of indian television.....Gori mam....We miss you

Why would you use nana patekar&#39;s picture in thumbnail? Thats very low!

What if opposition party paid them to shoot an exposed video claiming being paid by BJP? Everyone&#39;s exposed in same angle

This shows that no only actors are cheating but also political party behind this disgusting works

Non sense video... nothing is exposed...it&#39;s normal to invest somewhere to get a return.

not a fool proof confession. The narrative can be for anything. don&#39;t think its genuine. Eerily anti BJP, all non-BJP Support seem to be honest. I don&#39;t trust you guys

Great job 
aab kangana ko bhi mil rahe hai  tatti wale tweet karnr ke liye...aur bhi bht players, superstare hai....joh paise keliye apna iman bech rahe hai.......they don&#39;t reserve our love  and respect....

Not all traitors hold gun.

Sonu sood was the worst, he even said he wants all the cash in black saying that’s what he does for all his South Indian movies. His entire migrant crisis aid was a cleverly managed PR stunt, don’t be surprised to see him join BJP down the line. During farmers protest even this pretense of looking unbiased was dropped. Imagine people like lata mangeshkar and Sachin, yuck 

But I m big fan of modi ji

When a business men thinks like this its okay, and if a actor or an actress does its something which is being exposed Everyone is making money in this world, we all lie when we&#39;re in business so i dont think its something wrong in it.

Why is Jackie Shroff always in the same villanish outfit

Why aren&#39;t there any star kids in this list?

When akshay will come??

Mahima should be ashamed

even sonu sood man... i can&#39;t believe... seriously so sad... aur dada bhi redy the... shameful yrr... sonu sood ka believe nhi ho rha... really

Swara Bhaskar, Anurag Kashyap, Zeeshan Ayub and so many more doing the same openlyYou should make a video on them too

The one with Jackie dada is different he believes those views as good he clearly said &quot; we are spreading good and getting money for it &quot; there nothing wrong in that I support Jackie on that

I am pretty sure these celebrities never show &quot;Spiderman &quot;.. There&#39;s a very famous quota in the movie.&quot; With great power comes great responsibility &quot; They have millions of followers.. They can actually bring change to the society or can even try but Instead they choose to do that kind of shit for money..

24 Feb 2021.YouTube suggested me this. Don&#39;t know why. But it took me back in time even this controversies happened, and now I see Sonu Sood who is doing anything and everything for people of India selflessly.

Bas ai Kangana hai.
Sad  that we live in a county where people idolize these idiots and pay them so much of amount to lie where as teachers are treated and paid so baldly

Oh fuck Sonu sood also

Saumya tandon 
Bjp buys celebrity like Kangna

Thank you very much..

Ex: Akshay, Vivek, Kangna, and all national media...

The creator of video dosent want them to earn money 

What do you expect? They are paid actors. They get paid for all kinds of shit that they endorse on television or social media platforms. That&#39;s their job.They don&#39;t have any ethics or certain propagandas towards something, they get the dough &amp; they do their job. They do this for a living.There is nothing to be &quot;E X P O S E D&quot;And they aren&#39;t heroes, they are &quot;A C T O R S&quot; and &quot;E N T E R T A I N E R S&quot; lastly it ain&#39;t at all shameful or unethical to haggle for your suitable money rate for endorsing something as nothing&#39;s for free. Thats their job.Your job is to create content &amp; they are here to take money and sell lies.

I remember ashish nehra&#39;s interview from breakfast with champions. He said people from Twitter approached him and said they would pay him to tweet what they wanted. He told them to get lost. Respect for him just went up. Salute to him.

They take bjp name cuz it is elected by majority and the actor think if they support majority it is good for them. Clear logic don&#39;t be a bakt .

I personally think it&#39;s okay to do what they did. They are doing their work for money. Their work is to sell believes, it depends on us to be smart and make a decision to believe it or not. Simple this is life, do not complicate. Even this youtuber known as jammy pants is selling his belief and ideology for money!

there is nothing wrong with that
This is what they meant by selling their souls Dannngg they really sold their souls

Actually that was Vivek Oberoi&#39;s audition for P M Narendra Modi Biopic 

How Pathetic. Un believable 

This video was shocking throughout

Omg this is shocking 

Seems like you have been paid for this video for Posting only about whom BJP paid money while conveniently ignoring the others

Even Sonu Sood? 
Although you make good videos ,this video seems a little senseless in any way that I potray it... But I see it as paying influencers to market the brand which is a political party BJP in that case. Whilst we are being outrageous towards the stars this whole election process is a big corporate business involving billion of dollars not only in India,Including America and many other countries.

Now it&#39;s normal

Our real heroes r our Army navy nd airforce personnels...who fight at the border for us...fight at -30°c....take bullets for us...not these cheap ppl of bollywood or cricketrs...follow our army ppl...make them our idols...instead of following these cheap actors or cricktrs on sociql media follow army pages or official ids of martyed army personnels...also our doctors who sacrificed for ys in this pandemic nd researches who made the covid vaccine....the isro scientist who made mangalyaan in a budget of a bollywood movie...follow them...make them ur idol.Jai Hind🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳

Here am just thinking how much would have kangana earned???

A complete video would clear the context even more for viewers

Everybody is criticizing these actors but not the toxic hate spreading BJP

Dude you are biased too. You are only talking about BJP.  You think other parties don&#39;t do this. Its clear you are anti BJP. Totally disappointed.

Everyone is sold here !

Paise k  liye sb kuch hoga

BJP is the Biggest shit party in India

Rihanna and Greta too
Its not their fault, they are human not saint. Please stop believing what these celebrities say. Onus lies on us, our actions have consequences for us not for them

I never saw this...and most surprising is sonu sood...that person who helped thousands of migrant workers

What about Akshay Kumar and Kangana Ranuat?
Simple solution is not to follow celebrities, make up your own mind about politics or anything on that matter.

What a piece of shit they are..

This is not even a surprise .... As the zero increase the persons will to his conscience will also fall .... it also includes you and your channel ....

Everyone is acting in their own life... I don&#39;t think this is a big issue.. They want money and they are acting for money so what&#39;s wrong? This channel is doing to much.. He is pointing everything as if all people are great expect these actors.

Sonu sood I can&#39;t believe

I really don&#39;t understand why people are shocked? This is nothing in compare to what actually happened behind the close doors and never comes out in the public domain. When you are working in the industry where you have to sell your soul you don&#39;t expect anything different from them. So don&#39;t put your faith in them because they are such a great actors.

Your hindi is a bit funny  no offence, your english and vocabulary is good tho

Someone should do a sting operation on Akshay Kumar?
Ashish nehra abused the person who was willing  to pay him 3 cr for posting what the payer tells him to post

If the celebrities who refused to take part in this campaign were offered to pay when they&#39;d tweet for something that they believed in (the opposition party) then everyone would be on board.

So shocked after knowing that sonu sood the good human being is involved in this practices  , as the truth of centuries, sach kadva hota hai 

We witnessed this now.During farmers protest, its sad n they lost respect

This was posted a year ago and i just got to watch it now as i am a new subscriber joined here...well the sting should also have been done with Kangna Ranaut!

I don’t understand how this isn’t trending or viral!

Unfollowing your BS. You haven&#39;t managed to talk to the khans..?...

What is the salary of kangana

Saw this now. After Covid.  Is this what is happening to farmers protest? All made up tweets and every celebrity in India singing the same song <a href="">#Indiaagainstpropaganda</a> ‍️ So no humanity, just anything for money 

Is your beginning too fast?
Recommended on 5 feb2021What a timing. Now I have no hesitation for <a href="">#IndiaAgainstPropaganda</a>

Thu

I cant believe Sonu sood. He is now the nation&#39;s hero 

Everybody is best until the hypocrisy broke, all of them are same in any situation

Irfan Khan, according to me, was the genuine guy in Film industry

Aur chooso bollywood ka lund..dumb brown audiences lol

do the money sting with swara bhasker, daljeet dosanjh, vishal dadlani, ..Plz Do the money sting on cobrapost journalists too

AIB is innocent. They are just simps.

Great job
We don&#39;t know whom to believe. These people are all liars. Shame on them, doing anything for money.

Oh...I hope Sonu Sood wasn&#39;t helping everything just to overcome his image

All political parties rope in celebrities to connect to the masses and to expose the nitty gritty details of their dealings by capturing them on a hidden cam, shows how low media houses can stoop to. And by repeating such content in this video on your channel you have done the same!

This was expsd in cobrapost....

UNBELIEVABLE FOR ME IS ABOUTMAHIMA CHOUDHARY..

How many of you agree that Shakthi Kapoor is looking like Sharon Stone of Basic Instinct?

they are just doing business ! we should use our brains !

Atleast sunny Leone has a valid reason 

WHY ARE THEY TARGETING THE BJP GOVERNMENT ! like it doesnt matter if i believe or not in them but is it seriously necessary to call out the name of the party

you know if you see it properly ,only a particular actors are selected who dont get movies and are unable to generate money for themselves and because of the requirement of some money they post such shit on the twitter !

They are just selling personality as goods to people, but we think they are different from a normal human being,, after all a well said thing is so true.. na.....* Yeh duniya mc hai* and they are a part of this world only ....

For the first time I feel disappointed watching a video from Jammy. It looks clearly biased. Either the research is incomplete or it is his personal opinion unknowingly been put like this.

After seeing this I wonder if sonu sood is doing the &quot;help&quot; Act to cover this up, Akshay kumar recently spoke before laxmii bomb about SSR, He was paid to say it. So unless we pay these narcissistic assholes, they won&#39;t open they&#39;re dirty mouth. No wonder no one fought for SSR.

Another reason why I love this channel 

Disgusting...

Are you from jammu ?

Actors are actors

Thank you for opening our eyes.. 

When you mention the name of your political party then it becomes clear what is your agenda...
Jo pakda gaya wo chor. What do you think, the other celebs who keep posting for or against a particular party of idiology are all genuine?

Great work done bro
Bjp andbhakts in their way to criticize the video 

Sonu sood omg

Why did you not record swara bhaskar, deepika padukone, sonam Kapoor etc.? You really want us to believe whatever the above actors bark is their own belief and not paid to say?

I'm surprised when I saw Jaggu Dada Here.. &quot;..Bidu Mera Bachha Hai Thu..&quot; ??? Scam happened..
Pls yar translate into hindi
The audience is crazy about the movie, who needs to entertain themselves, what is the need to follow these people..these people who sell us tell us what is the need of their mother, what is the need of their own mind, what should they do if they choose themselves…chutiye insaano ko. What will you do if you make a god..so many questions have been placed on the head.
This perhaps applies to Miss Ranaut.

The question of the sinful stomach. The stomach is not filled only by fame and fans. Then I started acting.
Everybody is acting so surprised but trust me when you’re in their place you would most probably do the same that’s the human nature. Haven’t you idiots heard everybody is innocent in this world.

Omggg Vivek Oberoi noooooo
The name of this channel is very unattractive

<a href=""> mm

Sonu sood 
Paid promotion by congress.

This is an old video.....I think cobra post....

Ha toh beta bade actors you already have a video
So all the sting subjects were taking money to endorse BJP only and non were caught endorsing congress or left or any other party. Interesting agenda fuelled video from cobra post to expose some agenda !!

Getting sold to money..Selling their ethics conscience..In movies..they act so righteous and gritty..These are ones that lives double lives 

Hence proved CAA Ka virodh krne wale celebrities ko pay Kiya Gaya tha apun ne  to pehle hi bola tha

Hahha I am not surprise as it’s clear now why all bollywood Non famous and famous Actors also posted defending Rhea chakraborty  and made sure to prove  tht sushant killed himself and drugie lol  these are all monster and Gina paise ka kya Kareinge ???

It&#39;s all business at the end. If you think that they are all saint and we should follow them then we are just fools. They promote advertisment (fair and lovely etc ) even though they don&#39;t use them themselves. They just do it for money.Who are we to judge these people when if you get the same money in crores, you would do the same.No one is perfect and money rules the world. It&#39;s a harsh truth and it&#39;s a Truth at the end.

Looking good doesn&#39;t make you good Human

I would be delighted to know who is announcing this video..I am crazy about his voice.kya awaaz hai

I don&#39;t believe in these sting operations because most of them looked like making mockery.. of the sting operators. I am surprised at your lack of judgement. Kindly think through it.

Well , that’s how they earn money . They aren’t doing anything illegal. Please stop trying to defame people

Dallas are more ethical then thes madaris

Bhai these are all jamuray

Actually we Indians make celebrities as &quot;God&quot; , not realizing they too are humans. We start referencing ourselves life from their works, movies, characters, fame. Why do we have to do that?  They are just like an another employee who&#39;s sole purpose is name, fame and money. Instead of tightening screw on celebrities first we need to screw tighten our own brains to stop glorifying these people. All these social medias are paid services glorifying either the stars or their kids, posts on star kids to create a perception of next upcoming new star even before he is launched, so that is not a unknown figure. Days of True and unbiased reporting of facts is gone long back. Now it is time of misinformation, they will decide what we must watch? KYA HO RAHA HAI YEH BHAI!

You can look at ameeshas ig profile

Journalists, politicians, businessmen, officials, a normal person, every single person is existing for money and if given a chance they won’t stop at anything to go deeper into corruption.And actors ka to kaam hi yehi hai, I don’t understand why they are dissed like this.Sab bikta hai India me, to bas ek ko hi expose karne ke peeche kyu pade hai log.BJP ke kisi neta ka sting operation karo to baat hai.Waha Himmat nahi padegi kisi ki.

Why does Jackie Shroff need to do all this?
That&#39;s why I never follow these celebrities, they are paid actors and nothing else

Nothing new in this many celebrities go for election rally for politicians . Even when they don&#39;t have any connection with them ideologically or otherwise.

Money is money bro everyones gotta eat .

These actors are desperate as they cannot maintain there current lifestyle with projects they are getting. They are going to these looser actors because they are in a desperate situation.

This means all the political parties are corrupt hiring and paying such people for their promotion, why blame the actors only?

Bro this was really biased. I mean it&#39;s really dumb to target bollywood moreover on this thing which happens in every sector usually. I mean it&#39;s even more stupid to explain these things to dumb one bcz smart one already knows this thing n dumb one would not be getting effected by it in anyway. Only naive one would react to this shockingly n nothing

Why only all stings are done political party name used is BJP, why not about congress? Good propaganda by your team.... karte raho jo kar rahe ho..... accha hai atleast tum jaise berozgaaro ko rozgaar milta hai... ab mat kehna no jobs created

Everyone is naked in this bathroom.
But what happened? No one boycotted it, no consequences, no main stream media coverage. This pussy is still there.
Guys pls note that this is FAKE video. They have moulded certain section of the entire conversation and just shown this clip. A lot of them were rhetorical answers from these celebrities. Do not get fooled by such videos and channel like these who peddle the fake propaganda. Even they receive money for peddling these agendas.

Banchod Arshad warsi actor bhi aacha hai, genuine hai, down to earth hai. Toh usse promote karo bhaiyo!

Weird to see  that  the admin just names one political party i.e. BJP  and calls every other party as &#39; one party&#39;.Shouldn&#39;t you talk about  Sonam Kapoor, Swara Bhaskar, Huma Qureshi, Farhan Akhtar as well. Probably paid by &quot; other party (Congress)&quot; , just like some other youtubers.

Why did they did not say what they are charging for ? Very easy to frame people.

galat kya h isme, it&#39;s like paid promotion.

Forgotten actors also gotta earn money. Why do you think some actors turn into TV serials?

It&#39;s shocking. Kahin to imandari ho.

This is a rubbish post. I used to follow other videos but this video shows the naivety on part of the channel owner. These actors have a subscriber/follower base. If you say &quot;paise ke liye kuch bhi&quot; sounds wrong but what they are actuakky doing is &quot;monetizing their influence&quot; thats a totally acceptable and legal practice. Whether it is ethical or not is a different question. For instance the channel owner has 796k subscribers and you use this to monetize your content by giving us advertisements via Youtube Partner Program... In digital space these are invisible agents in physical space you have newsbrokers and celebrities. I dont find this wrong, if yes then everything you do is wrong too. Just shutdown this  channel and dont make money of <a href="">us.Now</a> you can rebutt by saying &quot;if you dont like dont watch or subscribe&quot; and that is the same reciprocity you should provide to these celebrities...

What the hell are they doing??? Only money is important and then it leads to disturbance in the country... I hope all the citizens shd wake up and stop following them or their ideologies.... Such a shame

Commenting to increase it&#39;s reach

not suprising at all. these people have fake lives, play other characters written by other they dont know. here they are only doing what thy have done

vidya balan is a  real gem

I loved what Mahima said... Ekdam perfect..... PMcares ke paise de do  jo gand me daba rakha hai takalwa aur uska maaalik 

Loads of bhaktandus spotted 

Dude, your analyses are very thorough. Kudos for creating good quality content!

Sonu Sood was a disappointment though.

Congress am sure not paying anyone

Boycott

Paid Content

Deceptive faces. Should be exposed furthermore. Unimaginable ,they won&#39;t hesitate to negotiate the nation for money.

Why only bjp supporter is in this video??? R u ncp supporter?? Anyways good video but only selecting this people is shady????

This Bollywood people are full fake... weather Sonu Sood or else!!!!!!

People asking dumb questions like &quot;why didn&#39;t you approach ~insert popular celeb name~?&quot;Lmao do you how hard is to approach bigger celebs. Do you really think they&#39;d let it happen considering they have so much to lose? Do you really think an unidentified person,with a rather underhanded offer would not be crossed checked before being able to speak their managers. Putting aside the fact that they probably don&#39;t even need money or have to time to talk to such people offering pocket change in exchange for influencing such a huge fan base. DUMBFUCKS

Entire Bollywood is paid either by U.P.A or by D company or may be some other masters.

Nonsense video with nonsense conclusion... All are smart liars,just only they are already supporting   opposition so can&#39;t lie openly that&#39;s it..apka conclusion bekar hain

.Very well done. Thank you for exposing all the sellable people to save people from their stupidity.
<a href="">6:50</a>.....very true !!!

All r political and bollywood there are same only public should be awake and they always play game with public we shouldn&#39;t go behind to them let them cm to u and do all work for public like BMC work on roads, public toilet, cleaning India, mk made in India factory to hv public jobs, help the needy one just don&#39;t HV them ur voit don&#39;t be fool they all political and bollywood plastic life .

Wats so shocking?, these are spent stars, but even the popular ones do it all the time for  . No hidden secret this

One more faceoff..whaow

They are actors only. Stop treating them as hero.

Very disturbing! There are some actors who are so good in whatever work they do. Feel like I am judging someone. Mujburi hogi 

I have one question can you trust your gf lol then these guys are way bigger

Excellent video and message. Most celebrities do not support bjp government but are given money or are threatened that they will lose on opportunities in the industry.  Just look at what they did to Karan johar when he was releasing the movie Ae dil hai mushkil.

How sick? No ethics

You are a child of running, aren't you?
But why blaming them, we watch them we do haa hoooo seeing them as if devlok se devta aaye hai.I feel ashamed I used to follow Kareena and hritik roshan after buying hrx from Myntra bhoot utr gya I hope Sonu Sood helping people during lockdown didn&#39;t had anything behind his act of kindness else it&#39;s really kalyug ki charam seema.

Almost all parties in India have same situation

Unupam  kher is the highest paid ....under cover BJP paid promoter

How sad...thank you for exposing it all

Come on are they not paid for acting and they are doing beside shouldn&#39;t everyone make their decision if you make a decision based on any media figure then to be honest it your fault not any one else. Stop putting the blame on others instead of working on self.

U expect Bollywood to be genuine when all the time they act for a living?

This is what happens when people can&#39;t understand the difference between Real heroes and Reel heroes....Why are we even up looking to these people in the first place?Aren&#39;t they just people who dance and sing for our entertainment???

Eye opener

Sonu sud..? Seriously ?

They sold off their conscience for few no reason

I watched these when it was first released.And now I just couldn&#39;t believe Sonu Sood is doing all that without any selfish desire.Well, I don&#39;t believe anything anymore.

It should be done with Taapsee and swara

ARE THEY GOD AND GODESS??? they are just artist so they will do for money obviously .

Strange u have not till now done a pice on Bollywood n drug addict actors..

Its none of their fault.... They are for sale... Thats all .. or have you never wondered why they have their price tag on them?

Spoilt brats

Shameful they have no pride

Shameful

Then, do actors and actresses like swara Bhaskar and tapsee pannu also do such kind of promotions? Coz they take pretty extreme stands and that don&#39;t seem pretty possible without a strong support.

SHOW PROOFS

THIS IS TOTAL RUBBISH UTTER NONSENSE YOU ARE CHAATUKAR MAKKAR CONGRESS PARTY KA PAID SPONSORED MOUTHPIECE CHANNEL OF ITALIAN WAITRESS
I guess you also made this video after taking money. Specifically targetting BJP name and no other political party. Its obvious, you have been paid to make this video to exploit the anger of people now a days.  You lost one subscriber today. Didnt expect this from you. If you are making a video for good cause, and keeping your hidden cause in it. Its not serving any good. Bye TRP.

This is the right time to viral this video ........plz all the followers n viewers let&#39;s do it 

What a video i just watched.

Fuck your bollywood

Even if Sonu Bhai earns money in the wrong way, he invests it in the right place.
Everyone is naked in this bathroom
Why is that this sting not done for Congress supporters may u would not incorporate that in 1video u might need several parts, the whole Bollywood actors are Congress party supporters

Could you make a video on - Sonu Soon Exposed vs Sony Sood the God during Corona

Do you think everyone doing ads actually buy them? Nah.

Hi! Anmol! I guess your name is ! What u r doing is really good job! I never was aware of these sort of things could happen! OMG! Where is this world going? The last piece of advise that you gave is incredible,we should stop following these celebrities blindly! Keep it up! 

People please don&#39;t say any of this person geniune all are of sm kind running after money can do anything for  money

How can you expect from an actor ki vo acting na kare? Agar tum blindly actors ko follow karte ho toh tum foolish ho. Inn actors ko bhi apna ghar chalana hai, pese kamane hai. Koi tumhe force nhi karta koi chiz follow karne, you always have a choice. Agar movie mein ek character ko dekh k tum apne life ke decisions uske tweets ke hisab se Lene lag gaye toh tum chutiye ho. Pese ke liye log kya kya nahi karte. Lekin just because ye log stars hai iske liye inki Hur chiz highlight kar k dikhayi jati hai. Ye bura kaam kar rhe hai bolke people are trying to defame them lekin jab ye log acha kaam karte hai ek movie mein apna talent showcase kar ke tab koi inki movies dekhne bhi nhi jata kyuki sabko bas srk n salman movies dekhni hai big budget vali. So jab puri duniya dikhawe par chal rahi hai toh ye bechare kyu sidhe raste par chale.

Soonu sood in lockdown  ,this thing is  have something

God Bless...!!!

This video to the public:&quot;Use your brains&quot;

TO THE CHANNEL WHO MADE THIS VIDEO.   HOW DO WE KNOW U R NOT SOLD TO OTHER PARTY TO MAKE THIS POLITICAL PARTY AND PPL LOOK BAD?  TODAY, THE MOST SOLD PPL R MEDIAS.  NOW, THE MEDIA IS MAKING MONEY FROM BOLLY TO COVER THEIR MOST DARKEST SECRETS OF DRUGS, MAFIAS, ETC. 90 PERCENT BOLLY IS ON DRUGS MAKING STUPID MOVIES WITH NEW YOUNG GIRLS SHOWN 90 PERCENT NAKED AND DANCING VULGAR N CALLING IT A MODERN DANCE....SOUNDS VERY MUCH LIKE MOHAMMAD, SORRY I MEAN MAHESH BUTTS REAL LIFE. SO COMING BACK TO MEDIA NOW, MEDIA IS TAKING SO MUCH MONEY FROM BOLLY TO MAKE THM LOOK GOOD N INNOCENT THINKING THE PUBLIC IS DUFFER LIKE THM.  MEDIA MADE SO MUCH MONEY FROM STUPID CONGRESS PARTY TOO FOR 60 YRS TO MAKE THM LOOK GOOD.  I PERSONALLY DON&#39;T BELIEVE TO MEDIA AT ALL.  I HV SEEN 2 SIDES OF MEDIA ON SAME TOPIC MANY TIMES. MEDIA IS JUST B.S. JUST LIKE BOLLY, POLITICS AND CRICKET MATCH FIXING. THAN PPL FROM THOSE 3 WEALTHIEST GRPS IN THE COUNTRY DATE, MARRY, AND KILL EACH OTHERS.  NOTE: THEY ARE ALL WEALTHY BY ONLY BLACK MONEY...BECAUSE ALL KNOW THT NO ONE BECOMES THT RICH BY JUST WHITE MONEY. BOLLY, CRICKET AND POLITICS R THE BLACK DOTS IN THE COUNTRY. STUPID IDIOT BASTARD PPL OF THE COUNTRY LEAVING REST OF THE COUNTRY POOR TO DIE ON THE ROADS AND THEY DON&#39;T EVEN CARE ABOUT INDIA BEING THIRD WORLD COUNTRY AMONG OTHERS IN THE WORLD.  IF THOSE 3 STUPID GROUPS DISTRIBUTE THT MONEY THN INDIA WILL BE LIKE USA.  STUPID IDIOT BASTARD 3 GROUPS AND NOW MEDIA IS THE 4TH ONE. STUPID IDIOT BASTARD PPL.   GOD BLESS POORS.  JAI HIND. JAI SHRI RAM.

This video is making so much sense today.....No wonder they didnt raise their voice for SSR

These are all for sale, give money to anyone, dance in the wedding, invite children to the world.
Yes like Deepika padukon visited CAA protest for 5cr from Pakistan. Haan ab kuch chutiyo ke video Sach lagega par ye dipika wala Sahi nhi lagega .Well Brainwashed morons

You channel itself a propaganda. Thanks

It&#39;s not Actors, it&#39;s you all media guys who trapped them wrongfully You want to use them free anyhow .They are talking job .And you media trapping them n still making money online by posting this video.... Disgusting 

Like Shahrukh doesn&#39;t sell fairness cream! Please dont go after vivek Oberoi.  You wanna expose someone-expose Salman khan! Look at you going after junior stars cause you can&#39;t expose the biggies. Please stop!

So do you think only these actors those who is doing this do you have gutta to show higher duty

It&#39;s shocking to see Jackie dada in this

What does money do? - carryminati
Bro... U made me sad today. I stopped watching movies long ago. I never felt right when I see all this. But I feel very bad now for innocent people

This is the truth of so called important ppl .....who fool public vd only stunts .... Everyone may it be BJP or anything hv to stop bringing these ppl ...just you vl hv to bring common man to the fore who really believe in what you say...

Their tweets are all fake.

OMG

Don&#39;t promote ugly faces of Bollywood.<a href="">#HattaoBollywood</a> <a href="">#BoycottBollywood</a> Report all ads, movie trailers, interviews, posts of so called Hero and Heroines of Bollywood, so that it&#39;s removed from social media completely.Report and remove.Ignore, unfollow the Khans, Kapoors, Bhatts, Bacchans, Johar, Akhtars, chopras.. Use our money in becoming royalty and then treating human life so cheaply. Fooling public with their lies. All of them don&#39;t even see each other&#39;s movies, they never use the brands they endorse, they don&#39;t live or vacation in India. So why make them stars and superstars and heroes.Such a bad negative influence.As said by a journalist Mr Ujjwal Trivedi &quot; Use your social media currency wisely &quot;

When i saw sonu sood too here 

Vivek, you portray to be a honest, sincere, man of principles, good father and husband, WHAT HAPPENED?This is very cheap, what you have been busted for, that means, you are a liar and Dhongi , big natki, I respected you as a different Bollywood gentleman.

This is fake

Any Actor or actress can openly support and be vocal for any Political Party .The current party has proved to be the best yet in the last 30day Who wants to do anything for free and why  as it is Campaign funds for promoting the Political party Its done worldwide Only the Sadhus are not needing funds to be alive Lets get practical and be honest Is there a foreign party that has motivated Indians of India to vote only political groups with Muslim majority and under the control of foreign enmies of India Celebrities have been used time and time again way before the 60s to do propoganda for Polital elections and Campaigns  may be earl days they did for free but today  time is MONEY  and contracts tie you dowm So lets wake up and smell the coffee

Isn&#39;t it a crime to record without permission. So this vdo is also shameful

How much have you got to expose your logo?
Why is this such a surprise?  Do you not know that actors and models are paid to do only for the product to gai  popularity. Lobbies send actors only to look the marrying couple is popular and the actors are paid to attend. This is why you don&#39;t see these actors carrying any gifts.

Fucking Bollywood Mafia's AgendaStar kids Dudh ke dhule haiSonu SoodVivek OberaiTisca Corrupt hai
2.6k dislikes .. People are so dumb.. 
Why the Khan&#39;s , Akhtars and Bhats not stung ?

Bkwas Bollywood 
It&#39;s 2020 Day of lockdown 152 and here Sonu Sood has done a tremendous job by helping Migrants to reach there hometown. I saw the video and I didn&#39;t feel bad about any actor because they didn&#39;t feel either while doing this except Sonu Sood, I&#39;m quite disappointed.

Good video. Pls keep exposing them one and all.

Sonu Sood 
It doesn't take more than a week for the public to forget such things.
Every one most of the celebrity paid to do so.. otherwise how will they live as they hard to get film back to back for most of them.  Basically this is their earnings. So the audience should not believe such.

It&#39;s their job man..They have to make money my dude..

Vivek for sure , his face shows he is chor

You should do more videos as bollywood is exposed now.

I still did not get this stupid sting operation??? What does it prove?????

I know its wrong but i personally feel especially after speculations arround Sushant&#39;s case, actors here are exploited n to run their houses alongwith maintaining their lifestyle being an actor they need to earn money n sometimes they need to choose such options....Just a personal opinion n i do consider this wrong.

At least they are speaking for the right party and right people.

LolSonu Sood I felt shady from his NOW majdur migrants ko ghar pahucha rahaa hai n so much publicity anyways n now this video. I wouldn&#39;t be surprised or shocked if he gets a ticket. Basically I m laughing at the public who believe such things not using God&#39;s best gift-BRAIN. 

Thank you , shameful

So you got to speak to only unemployed actors and offered them &quot;good money&quot; to speak about BJP(which they otherwise also like, like many of us) and show as if BJP does paid promotions!!!! Wow , so by they way, who funded your sting operation, Saudi Arabia or china???

Are there no repercussions for these? No investigation, no penality, no arrest?

Some of them were going to do this task anyways, but now they were also getting paid for it, so they didn&#39;t refuse. :)

Hats off guys.. respect for u who made this effort to open audience eyes.   But I personally know this before..so it&#39;s not that shocking for me

Sonu sood and tisca copra..... 

Everyone works for money &quot;These&quot; snippets dont necessarily show full context of what is being said and talked about.

Are you guys that genuine that you would work without transaction or payments ?? No, right. This is how it is. Nowadays people know how things work so this video ain&#39;t making any difference in anybody&#39;s thought. I guess

Me tooSting operationsNepotism<a href="">#bollywoodisdead</a>

Now understand &quot;Liberal Tweet&quot; what is the price, abuse Hindus and earn money
This is a great video to expose the so called stars ..but this happens everywhere..either in movie industry or politics or anywhere . The ones who have the stash are the greedier ones . Well maybe few exceptions.  I hope these videos will bring a Revolution to bribery In India. Jai Hind !!

Come on it&#39;s not &#39;expose&#39; per se!!Everyone is free to have own CHOICES. If someone wants to pay me money for eating my favorite food why should I not accept the money?!! It&#39;s bad only when we get only money but no food. Btw supporting BJP is not shocking  but supporting Congress would certainly be very shocking. So sting bizzare people like Sara bhaskar, Sonem kapur, dipika padkone, faran akhtar and also let us know WHY they behave the way they do.

&quot;Ye andhvishwas jo in celebrities par hai na, please band kar do&quot; Well said

media and actors are paid for promotions, what a democracy

All there is BJP BJP but congress has been doing it longer ! 2ndly actors are those people who will do anything for money without any moral. 3rd. &quot;Ghee jab sidhi ungali se na nekale, to ungali tedhi karani padati hain! &quot; 4th keep believing in modi ji !!!!!! Jai shree Ram !

Haha sonu sood...See he is here

But how is it possible that BJP PR personnel recorded this videos and handed over to a Congress or their opponent political rivals to exposed them only. The video it seems suggests only about BJP hearing these stars and other angelic political parties don&#39;t. But ironically most celebrities in Bollywood have personal friendships and relationships with political leaders other than BJP. Examples very recent Aditya Tharkeray and Karan Johar. By the way I am a Pakistani(so BJP will not trust me to begin with) and definitely not paid a single penny by the BJP for writing this comment, in fact on the contrary I have been refused a visit visa on the invitation of an Indian friend who is also a rakhshahbandhan brother of mine in BJP government merely because I had supported Trump in the 2016 elections. Also I did not recieved a single cent from Trump for supporting him but yes I was heavily vindicated by the Hillary supporters from Muslim Jewish Conference.

You have actually missed the point by introducing Observer bias, meaning you have selectively targetted a party( a counterview is that maybe some you tubers are also paid to sell a certain narrative just like you are doing here, but I guess we&#39;ll NVR know unless we do a sting on you guys.) Fair enough right!

One crore from BJP 
Inshot everyday everyone is need money bro that&#39;s it thing else this is fact it&#39;s true also

I think another name should be deepika padukone for the jnu incident I heard that she took 7 crore for participating in that

Interesting to see these people in particular who were &quot;caught&quot;. Who&#39;s to say that the bigger bollywood celebrities don&#39;t do the exact same thing?! ... Difference is that they are more difficult to expose because of the barricade of teams around them who protect their image at all times. People really need to learn that everything celebrities say and write in public has an agenda and is heavily influenced by others which is no different from governments and companies who have something to SELL.

I just saw this video and felt it needs to be pen down. I have been following your channel for a while now but this wasn&#39;t a very cautious video the reason I say so is because you just can&#39;t trust that these video were not edited or were not tampered with. So, at least caveat in that respect should have been said it&#39;s like they have been held guilty for an allegation without giving them any opportunity for putting up there  case. You and satya are the most unbiased content creator and I appreciate that as your viewer, however, this wasn&#39;t a responsible video especially without the fact that there were no caveats. Thank you hope this is being taken in good faith as it has been said with a purest of intention.

They are not intellectuals. They are performers. At least Ramadhir Singh was right.

Little difference has been made….
Now this video , reserach of yours is bull shit....manupulative , plz do not do that Tried n Refused productions team, i follow you closely

Couldn&#39;t help but comment here.. while I feel this is jounalism at its best, this sting operation, and I really appreciate it.. but I don&#39;t how how is it different from all the celebrities who endorse brands that they don&#39;t use at all- like harmfull brands like cold drinks, mazaa, fair and lovely etc, lays etc I m sure these actors take full care of themselves and are on strict diets and don&#39;t drink these.. alia bhatt and Ranbir kapoor in lays.. ranbir kapoor in pepsi.. tiger Shroff in pepsi.. salman and Akshay in thumbs up.. alia bhatt for frooti.. katrina for slice.. where as alia bhatt on kapil sharma show said on camera that sugar is bad for us.

Friend, there is no need for money…there is no need to give to God…you will fight for money, it will not help…be human.
People were crictizing sonu sood for cobra post and now he is national hero️️️

Sonu myb did but at present he helps many which closes the deal

You seam to be only picking people who post for BJP. But what about those who are, always against Govt &amp; even doesn&#39;t shy to speak against nation. 90 percent celebrities fall in that category &amp; even are either clicked with or in connection with Anti CAA riots &amp; Dawood. I don&#39;t know if it&#39;s you or the sting operation team who targeted specific people

Well it&#39;s not just for one party, this applies to every political parties, paid PR of every political entities whether they are from right wing or they are from Nepotism filled older one

Well I dwell on thoughts of Swara Bhaskar now. 

Bull shit

Stop posting things against bjp.Even ur posting videos for money.

Gatar's celebrities
Tisca Chopra and Sonu Sood these names surprised me a lot.

Dawood has designed the entire operation.

Whst about Amitabh Bachchan ?

All money whores!

Pls highlight this now.. Sonu sood is now becoming an angel..

Shakti kapooer ne kya pehn rakha tha

You should also post about celebrities who denied these guys!

Sonu Sood has been quite successful in making ppl forget his past... Migrants ko ghar bhejna to bahana tha bhai ko purana paap mitana tha...

These are not stars. These are flop actors who need the money. I wanna see a Srk or a salman doing this

Literally I am not believing on sonu sood...

I&#39;m super shocked. These people are so greedy. They r ready to divert, do anything for money. They hv no concience

U dont have any nepotism product here....all those actors who came from outside c how they are treated this is so shameless yaar...I am unsubscribing this channel

What about Farhan Akhtar, Swara Bhaskar, Sonam Kapoor, etc., You are being biased bro.

If you vote for someone based on the celebrity endorsement then the problem is with you and not the celebrity

all are flop thats why

Don&#39;t play with amessha Maan she is still my favourite actress..Some day I will make your video like this when You are in wrong position ....

Sidharth malhotra once said in an interview actors are professional liars

Their is a propoganda video... All examples given are those who speak agaist nepotism...

When you’re doing right things But if you’re not famous : who’ll know that !?!    Kya Sahi !?!       Kon GaLat !?!   We’re not the Judge : to Give the finaL comments, and decisionS : NamastE 

Pay everyone and fuck as much as you want
Those who are already victims of nepotism and do not get money, those who want more money, read the silent interview of the bad actor.
What has Bollywood given us apart from casting couch, illicit sexual relations, drugs, obscenity? Full video
Looks like this channel is financed by Congress. No celebrity was approached to support it, all were for BJP... Your channel is exposed.

Kailash Kher and Sonu Sood was really a shock 

They look horrible without make up

Why you cannot ask for congress? So you too have agenda? You could have avoided telling the name of party..and add the sound but you did not do it..you are paid by congress surely..

We want justice for INNOCENT actors and actresses...We want justice for Sushant ...please hit 10000 votes/likes for Sushant and also watch  3 steps to handle Nepotism at <a href="">

Brother, this cobra post has also not been published and it is showing something that people have come to know that the camera is running.
Nice one

This seems perfectly fine, celebrities take crores for a single IG post to endorse brands, this is no different!

These actor are suffered by nepotisim

Media is the mistress of corporate world.

Disappointed that Vivek Oberoi is on this list. I admired him for speaking out against Salman’s bullying and supporting Sushant. I know this was a year ago but still...I hope Vivek has changed since this video was made. Also was disheartened to see Sonu Sood selling himself out.

money speaks !
Cobrapost always manages to get at the venomous undercurrent of the country

 still some die hard fans cry

Bhai paiso ke liye krte hai Star kids aur Salman n tumhara career khrab Kia ho to ye SB kra to pdega na

So are you paid by Congress?

Boycott nepotism  and star kids

Sonu sa ya uhmid nahi aha
you forgot khans, kapoors, and their other associates.

People who says don&#39;t involve BJP&#39;s name in the video...they will shit their pants when they will see the original sting operation...how for money they will promote BJP ....

<a href="">4:57</a>  LOGO

We need to speak about Indian politics sir.

SB madarchod hai

Really  sonu  sood  also :&#39;(

What&#39;s wrong in this?

Funny thing is that they are all flop and irrelevant actors! 

Like andh Bhakts who are following a perticular party. U know what I mean

who did vivek oberoi have a panga with?

Shakti Kapoor’s only screen presence that became a hit - these sting operations. 

If you haven&#39;t seen this, then you have not seen anything<a href="">

That&#39;s why i dont give a shit to these so calped celebrities.

Bloody prostitutes and bitches

HOW SMOOTHLY YOU JUST SWOOP BJP IN AND THEN SAY IT AIN’T POLITICAL GUYS WOW DUDE

IS IT JUST DONE FOR BJP HUH??!! BHAI KINNE BIASED HO SAKTE HOO DAUD JO SABKO DETE HE REHTA HE BLACKMAILS THEM IS THAT OKAY!! BHAI HADDDD HAIIIII SERIOUSLY!!!!! Dude seriously
There is no need to target only one. Every party does this because bollywood and cricket influence people

Not surprised at all

You made a political comment and put a note this is not political. Wah Prabhu

What is so different between this and celebrities endorsing for products on TV ...it&#39;s the same i feel. What was the point of this video? I think it&#39;s only to show that the political view of  celebrities could be influenced financially...so be it...one needs to be smart enough to know what&#39;s right and what&#39;s not....to be honest I feel even newspapers and news channels are doing the same, if you can then do some sting on them ...that would probably be worth watching provided you yourself don&#39;t make an influenced video on that topic

What&#39;s more worse and distasteful is some people in the comments section defending these stooges of the ruling dispensation. 1) if it&#39;s a paid promotion they mist mention it.. irrespective of their political leanings.2) this is nothing but 100% unethical and could be punishable by law if it happened in real as in most of these tapes..they causally speak of transferring majority of the cash in black. If Bhakts still defend then I have only one thing to say&quot;OH BHAI MARO MUJHE MARO&quot;(I&#39;m a Kannadiga btw XD).

Great video.... 
Saumya Tandon a.k.a Bhabhiji , vidyaBalan <a href="">#Respect</a>
Not only celebrities, it&#39;s people in general who have a dark side and who are willing to do anything for money. The face they show outside is fake. Their hearts are black and shady.

Well!dude if you research properly on connection between congress and Bollywood you will go mad...Kishor Kumar’s songs were banned on radios by congress...just because he refused chatugiri...Ganda hai par dhanda hai purana...

Yes there may be celebrities who do not believe in some political things but still promote it for money.. But as u said they MIGHT actually not support a partyYou can not rule out the celebrities who actually believe in a party Or there concepts. They take money Of course they doBut for a cause they believe in. So just because u dnt actually know Who is just doing it for money And Who is doing it as a supportive famous face for a party. (Just like u earn by doing something u like or support for) Don&#39;t make a video confusing the audience and making them believe that all these celebrities have no moral values. U should not blame all because of few.

Really very saddening. Some very talented people partaking in very shady stuff. This kind of ruined almost all of the industry for me...because even those who seem very simple and decent are so deceptive and easily sell out. :/  Bikau hai sab.

Begs the question though... Sirf BJP ka support karne waalo ka ya BJP ko di gai gaaliyo/aaropon ka video clip dikhane ke kitne paise mile is channel ko? 

Mainstream media never covered this important sting because a similar sting was conducted on many media houses and exposed all of them.

Everybody has a dark side bro....may b u expected too much from them....they r actors not heroes....as simple as that

Baba log actors ka toh kaam hai paise leke acting karna.. lets be honest and clear.. Who wont agree to just tweet and earn money when ur career isnt doing any good for you... its an easy money for them without physically hurting someone.Also the funniest part is this kind of operation was conducted by a left supporting ideology channel by using ruling party’s name. What we need to understand is these actors would have agreed to promote congress or any other party as well if mentioned instead of BJP while this operation was conducted because these actors only wanted money. These kind of operations don’t prove anything. Instead makes it more clear that the left wing was not very sure of their win in the elections and hence had to create a negative image of the ruling party by these kind of operations. Because what happens during such delusional operations is that people dont pay attention that this act was scripted by opposition party but think and generalize things and start believing that all actors are paid and bought by BJP but that is also not the truth. What i feel is this happens from both sides of politics in india and that’s why its a learning for us that blindly believing actors and celebrities on twitter and social media is not very smart.

I think even you are running a propaganda against a perticular political party but not doing your sting ops on the another bollywood lobby who are being highly paid for posting and campaigning AGAINST the leading party?

Such other celebraties that target Indian Muslims are also among these rascals.

What kind of a human being is he who doesn't earn money?
Congressi may also tried to convince the have large no of supporter who are supporting pappu Why to question bjp only

I don&#39;t think it&#39;s too wrong to post few tweets in support or against a political party (whether or not they believe in the ideology) compared to what politicians do by causing riots, looting public money and destroying people&#39;s lives.

Tbh i think nobody is influenced by these celebs.. jisko modi ko dena hai wo unko he dega aur jinko congress walo ko dena hai wo unko he denge..Logo ko jab paisa kamana hota hai tab wo toh murder bhi kar dete hai ye toh kisi party ya bande ke baare acha bol rahe hai..what&#39;s so bad in that?Aise toh  you are also making money by telling bad things about these people so nothing&#39;s that bad unless u cross a line

Brave and true content

What about nasureedin , zawed akhtar, swara bhaskar and all. Are you targetting bjp

Sood out media did not give news about this. Kyuki...
These idiots can do anything for money..people don't think about it, they are different, they are crazy about these people...
Best thing to do is believe in yourself!! sabka sunno khudka krooo!! If you r easy to get manipulated then kiska mt sunno..apna RESEARCH kro and DECISION lo

Sub bikchuke hai

Shakthi ko 9 crore fuck man there is soo much money involved

Hmare desh me actors ko Kuch Jada hi bhav chadha k rakha hai public ne sbse pehle to enko bhav dena band kro aur enko dekhte se kutto ki Tarah daurna band kro. And yes u showed only side of the story which also shows ur agenda. Sorry bro m hitting unsubscribe button.

TRF Why you guys arr after already flop actors to find shady works. They don&#39;t have work they need money. If you TRF post those who are really influencial actor like Amitab Bachan, Salman and more

Let&#39;s be honest here this video is the perfect example of cherry picking I thought this was a neutral platform but it isn&#39;t . In this video all these celebs you claim to have &quot;exposed&quot; supports one single politics party meanwhile you&#39;re purposely ignoring people like Swara Bhaskar , Farhan Akhtar , Deepika Padukone , Huma Kureshi.  Swara bhaskar even attended political rallies you fucking  hypocrites  Any words on them ? Ofcourse that&#39;s not your agenda right  ?Way to fool people 

Money rules IndiaNot just film industryNot just politicsBT..Just Everything... Without ..Just Zero

Everybody is leaving for money even look at you you are also making videos for monny by  other people life

It&#39;s a commercial medium ... How about the advertisements? Every thing is paid for... Let&#39;s not moralise

The conclusion Money is everything .

Share this post as much as possible

Bollywood is all balls. No surprises. Ye sab chor hai aurr chori ko inspiration kahte hai. Duplicate content. Big B se lekar Akshay tak sab chor bazaar. Akshay Kumar walks like Keanu reeves, look like a hijda walking Chor machae shor... Khali ghade bahut bajte hai...

Will not support Vivek Oberoy anymore.

U did really extraordinarily awsom job.. Dude but truth is things r more worsen than this u can&#39;t show video about.. This things hav roots so deep roots that can&#39;t b reach without strong help or lead.Regards

I am surprised Vivek Oberoi still has millions of fans and followers in this day and age. Kaun hai yeh log?, Kaha se athe hai?

it is funny, people took words of these people even seriously !!

stop biased reporting ...how many times you heard bjp but never any other parties ..all parties do this

BJP portray themselves as the non-corrupt party and yet they are the ones bribing celebrities

I hope BJP always win but please, please, please, let&#39;s keep this country DEMOCRATIC.

Still vivek got movie on the biopic ...

Bacche , paise milega to tum.apni maa, behen, beti, aur biwi ko bhi chowrahe mein khada kar doge.Dont pass judgement.

Tisca Chopra . She is among one of my favorites

Only bjp fellow doing with huge amount 

All deshbbakht in cobra post.

Very true brother..!! We should not follow these stupid illiterate stars..these guys are media created celebrities..Stop making these people famous - an appeal to all the viewers..Bro whatever you are doing is commendable..Keep up the good work!!

Disliked only cow families

The whole comment section is shaming these actors for taking money for supporting a party. Look at their side. Even I would have taken money for doing this. Hardly anyone will refuse the money.So before abusing these celebs, put yourself in their shoes and think if you&#39;ll refuse the offer.

Gori mam rejected the offer..

(Amir Garib Ki Layate Sach)
Kisi ko believe kare yaar...

I don&#39;t understand I mean haven&#39;t they endorsed cosmetic brands which they haven&#39;t probably never even smelled?

Anurag kashyap n swara bhaskar ko expose kariye
Nice

Shakthi Kapoor better fit in  sting operation&#39;s  camera 
I am sorry but these people have family they need to feed. If they’re not making money the way they used to then they will do whatever it takes to make money and feed their people! For example mahima is a single mother with no work

Bollywood me ek se ek harami hai ( except Akshay ). Ye bhosadiwale paiso ke liye kuch bhi kar sakate hai. Even Amitabh, SRK, Salaman, Aishwarya are no exceptions. Every one of these can sell their soul for money. Shakti Kapoor really thought that BJP needs his help?

This is bull shit

BOBBY......

Are these so called celebrities  genuine or not I don&#39;t care that any more but I think genuine people like u are still exist of the face of this Earth stay blessed and continue the good work  bro

Brother appreciate your work but very unfortunate you only take the name of BJP where as miss Chopra was taking about AAP. Ya to aap Sab ka Naam lete ya kisi ka bhi nahi. We know all this Bollywood is crap

After few more years of Feku, BJP IT cell will become the largest employer in this country. Nothing else will remain.

OMG!!!!!!Tisca maam...I used to find her genuine

Unbelievable 
Very foolish sting operation. Posting on social media by accepting money is not crime. Who will not post if reciving good money? Our politicians are not honest, they changes parties, make alliances what&#39;s that?

would appreciate it if you post film stuff or intellectual stuff in your ain&#39;t instead of pics etc like a social media influencer. You&#39;re bigger than that.

Yeah, after watching the video, I started talking to you again and again.
Yeh sab chutia banate h or hum sochte h saala itne acche kaise h yeh sab but ab asli baat pata chali sab paisa ke liye  off camera sab chor h or hum soochte h yeh foreign main study kiye h isliye acchi sooch hogi ...but hum log chuita h isliye humlog Jo dekhte h vo believe kar lete h yeh h reality  mc ki sirf paisa do kuch bhi bulwa do inlogo se mc saale

Hi

Its our fault. This sting operation was watched by millions ! but was any action taken ??? How many of us stopped watching the films or shows with these hypocrite scums ? I have done it. So as long as you take a definite stand &amp; boycott such corrupt celebrities and treat them as &quot;gutter water&quot; rather than &quot;Role Models&quot; ... dont just send messages criticizing them ! These &quot;Filth&quot; are too THICK SKINNED &amp; SHAMELESS and criticism makes no difference to them ! take a stand &amp; BOYCOTT them now.

I always used to feel sorry for Vivek Oberoi but after watching this I think what Salman Khan did to him was absolutely right , after Vivek did the Press Conference  , years ago. Vivek is where he belongs.

A lot of the ppl in this video obviously don&#39;t have another way of an income..

Bro did u find one thing common in all these cases the fucking bjp this party is just poisonus as fucking cyanide and offcource our sooo lovingly mother fuckers Bollywood

Yaar. Celebrities are as good or bad as anyone else. Stop idealizing them!

They work for money

Don&#39;t trust political people and actors who can act anything for money

Bhai it&#39;s not just about actors it is also about a political party who are willing to pay under hidden agenda....People should have to understand this without any influence of celebrity.

i love how shati kapoor is in his boxers

Chutiya log️️
I think if this video is genuine any channel will give u space there are doubts on editingIt&#39;s a propoganda against 1 partyWhat relevant source u claim for these videos

The narrator’s voice is fluent and mesmerising ️

How come no expose on the Tukde-Tukde &#39;Secular&#39; Bollywood Gang? Hmm, interesting indeed :)

Vivek obroy didn&#39;t shock me
fuck this channel man talking bullshit every time. ya we know they are cringi sometimes but you cant judge people on their one fucking interview. ok let us say you are right but i wanna ask U one thing what will you do when you are their instead of them? think twice and answer

I mean who wouldn’t 1 crore per post lol

This is reality of BJP. Paid for fuck ass also. Shame Bigg shame. How common  ppl become chutiya. Andh bhakt dekho bisadiwalo

Taking BJP&#39;s name openly to prove his anti BJP agenda but when it is not BJP then the party is just a political party with no name..  And remember all the stars in this clips are not directly saying anything but this MoFo is interpreting what it MAY mean so no one can tell what was the acctual conversation which was happening..

That was a propaganda sting operation, and yes these bollywood celebrities are dumbs do not follow them.

Vidya Balan is educated and was taught by a good family what is right and wrong. She has ethics and she proved it. Arshad Warsi should speak up more about what he is for and against rather than being quite.

Celebrity bhi insaan hi hai yaar...  Hum main koun hai aisa jo paise ke liye 3 tweet ek mahine main na karega?  Woh bhi 25-30 lakhs?  Do u think srk uses lux soap?  Fir bhi kar raha hai na add?  Paise ke kiye hi na..  Its public who is chutiya if u believe these actors or take them seriously

Try it with so called&quot;YouTube influencers&quot;

No one says anything when the same people promote a product which they never tried themselves. When actors say drink this soda, do they believe it&#39;s good for health?

They should be punished by the walk of SHAME

Jackie sir ne aise kuch galat nahi kaha..He is genuine....

If your political beliefs are changed or influenced by celebrities, then maybe you are just plain stupid. I won&#39;t blame the celebrities here. <a href="">

They are nothing but puppets to us.

So think how akshay Kumar got paid for the Modi Interview never tust any actor they just acting everything is for sale in india just need the money to pay for it.

Thank u for sharing. I will vote next time very carefully fully aware of BJP&#39;s  propaganda machine.

Just as they make their living out acting, all their thoughts expressions etc. r all fake....If they say they love india, can we believe them coz I think its the Indian money they love, as long as the money they r getting is secured they don&#39;t give a shit about what&#39;s happening to the source of it. As long as things can be bought that means they r cheap and not of real value ..bro u did a great job in exposing these people who has a price, people who can be bought. They&#39;d make a pretty gud snitcher

When Tisca chopra is saying 5 now.. rs 5000?

And here I thought this video was actually about something really &quot;shocking&quot; and &quot;dark side&quot;. Nothing to see here, no new grounds were broken.

Are it does not matter wether actor takes money or not... people even at local level elections take money, food , alchohol &amp; campaign for any party.... its just that actors are in more influencing position compared to common public... both are anyways accepting money itself... problem is whether it is common public or actors , they will still vote for people who will give them money before elections and not for person who can actually bring growth &amp; prosperity later... In India, people are concerned only with short term gains and not long term benefits... this is true in all people personal and professional lives....

All these congress money giving bulls also have the power to sting in name.
Public is foolish  to follow Nautanki/actors..they r to entertain

For few of them, they are agreeing to tweet they already believe in! So what’s wrong in it? How are you earning your living?

You never know you might do the same after acquiring more followers.<a href="">#paidreviews</a>

This guys fav term - NARRATIVE 

What is more sad than celebrities doing this is that   people actually care about their tweets.I mean would someone vote for a political party just because Mahima Chaudhary or Ameesha Patel likes that party even if party isn&#39;t good for them personally?Or will they not vote for a party just because Vivek Oberoi likes another party.And if that happens, that is sad.But...Frankly I don&#39;t think that happens. I know Cinema stars are treated as God in this country but electoral politics is a different game altogether .Yeh public hai, Yeh sab janti hai. And if that happens

Politics is big business 

Unfollowing each one of those.

If these &quot;yesteryear , bygone -era &quot; actors are so demanding , I shudder in thinking what would be the rate of our Sara Ali khan , Kartik Aryan , Alia furniturewalla , or others ....

This is just like cricketers and movie stars advertising for products they don’t believe in. This is just business. We are the fools if we consume what they push.

<a href="">2:10</a> Mai Vivek Oberoi Lucifer movie ke shoot Mai hai in the getup of the character Bobby.

Why You Are Trapping These Celebrities In Political Side They Don&#39;t Care about your Junk Post Man They are super stars. You should have to try being their self buddy try to respect everybody :) Love You Bro From: 🇵🇰️

He is targeting Only BJP

What about kangy ranaut .... one more uneducated idiot .... bjp has a paid troll army, known fun fact!

Guys this is how it works everywhere.. they are making money out of something they don&#39;t particularly believe in.this is how it works in politics and its upto us to believe in someone&#39;s opinion or not!!

waste of money and time ,bullshit bollywood, go feed the 400 million poor ppl in india

What about the Khans, Kapoors and Bachchans??

Awesome sting. All poor actors. Get Shah rukh or Akshay and we can agree that&#39;s a real sting

I&#39;m glad I don&#39;t follow any of these ppl 

Now do a operation on modi...

Mahima Chaudhary was true though...

Please do it with Akshay's request.
why is your one poltical party is always BJP? u too r paid... show other side of coin.

Thank yyy, u have exposed this bikauu people&#39;s, thank yyy to y alll

Afsos

Thanks for sharing this... a lot of people aren&#39;t aware of the whole Cobrapost scoop, since most popular media didn&#39;t cover it at all.

Y so shocked buddy ....wen ppl in villages take 1 bottle (cheap n dangerous) liquor for voting ...in election times ...y do u expect celebs to step back ......smtimes even if u ignore to earn such kind some high profile persons will target u n a rusbbish false article might be published against u ....

Good ! Now try to do same, post for Congress party , will be a fun watch.

Kisi bhi actor ko blindly follow ni krna chahiye wo kisi bhi party ko support kre... u have u brain use it Nd be happy

Ye abhi bhi kar rahe hai cobra Post haram kae bache

The truth is no believe in anything actors say or do

Bollywood seriously man no ethics no morals only money and they want entire India to be like them

Who is so blind brother...fair and lovely, this is fair and fair, no one is fair or no one can kill me in spite of someone's words...or whoever does it the way he is in me...neta country is looted. hai, these leaders are the ones who don't listen... thanks!
Wat Kailash Kher......
Celebrities are doing their job of selling themselves and their products and the rest is managed by their PR&#39;s, they only know 1 thing Publicity.

Money is there for Guru.. will also eat it  And fans will also eat it.
Dude this is a stretch for content.

Wow !!!!!!!

Respect to raza murad and arshad warsi!!!

Bahubali showed bollywood for what it is!!! Repulsive industry

Translate in English the reporters questions and the reply

Brother iam happy that U showed real and crucial face of bollywood

Akshay is one of them...always fakin in social media....fake bhakt

<a href="">2:25</a> whose favourite star is Vivek Oberoi??!!

Naya kya hai. Paise lekar rallies me bhi aate the. Tab kaunsa moral inclination hota tha. Tab kaunsa dil se bolte the.

Who will not take money for such jobs , everyone, they r not committing crimes.Sab karenge , main bhi karunga, comments karne wale harish chadra ke aaulad bat bano.pata hai muje tumhari bhi aukaat

THERE COULD BE A HIGH CHANCE THAT YOU ARE GETTING PAID BY THE OPPOSITION PARTY TO DO THE SAME!It is true that there is some part of the crowd blind folded to celebrities opinions, likewise there are other people who are educated enough to read between the lines and not be oblivious about it. So whatever you&#39;re upto, please stop making accusations by specifying any Party&#39;s name in particular. There are many other ways to emphasize on the &quot;paid promotions&quot;. It is pretty much obvious for these things to be happening in the film industry, so unless you&#39;re having an alterior moto being one of the influencers, please stop such campaigns based on personal interests.

Shit Bollywood Saalooo ki movie pr time n money waste krni hi nhi chaiyeSaale mujra krne wale.
Internally every man have a baddass

5 crore me yeh apni maa bech sakte hai...possible

These people are better than actors who worked for Dawood Ibrahim. 

the khans are even worse

Talking about propaganda..very selective celebrities are shownWell well....

Good attempt, but you showed one sided view. ..

It&#39;s funny how some chu bhakts are still trying to defend these sellouts

I was so disappointed to see Vivek. He was one of my favourite actors while growing up.

Of course they&#39;d  sell their souls. But what I am more concerned about is that why did they not use both parties, why not balance it out. There is more sinister agenda in place by Congress

Unsubscribed your channel. ️ Exposing such people&#39;s intention is okay, but why take BJP&#39;s name? Who gave you the rights? How can you say Modi is friends with these morons? You&#39;re also selling an AGENDA . YOU ARE NO DIFFERENT FROM THESE PEOPLE!  They&#39;re doing it for direct money and you&#39;re doing it for followers/ for your agenda! Stop sounding like a silly person, all these days I took you for a sensible one. Not just the RULING PARTY, the opposition too has equal chances of doing these. Now go fuck yourself!

Very nice and leftist move. hopefully you will be doing when some other party comes power too. Just unsubscribed you. I dont know how Cobra post got this video done. But i dont trust any of these news agency

Each political party do this for their  promotion<a href="">#shame</a> u r targeting perticular one# hamam me sabhi nange hai<a href="">#ya</a> I agree don&#39;t follow celebrity blindly

I don&#39;t know how to react feeling bad

Super!Bollyturds.

Vivek turned out be such a disappointment. I was a big fan right from Dum.

But i dont think this sting operation is ethical either.

Cammon we are all like that...all celebrities are fakus..Even sharukh khan admitted he&#39;s being nyc to all simply becz people like him that way....

This video is good and I don&#39;t follow any Cinema people

Bjp is a cheat

But why does kobra post go around showing up only as &quot;BJP Agent&quot;, why not of any other party..???!!!!

All of them have been sold and they are making MC's kids crazy.
Did you get it out of the sheep's heart, my friend?
Sonu sood Jo

How much money do you pay for any TV ad?
No offence but why does it offend or surprise you. All celebs do ads for products they barely know

My only question why Cobra Post trying to make celebrities to post in favour of BJP only? Why for some celebrities they not trying to paid for promoting Congress or other political parties? Actors toh hote hi dogle h but Cobra Post bhi toh BJP ka naam kharab karne ka propaganda chala raha h. Think!

Unsubscribed

First of all celebraties are Chutiya people who are famous for skill unrelated to any kind of reality in ground......so it is the stupid who are to blame who listen to them. But why use your damn brain Right??

Bro VIVEK made film on ModiWhy won&#39;t he support BJP

Mudi

For how many years a certain reality we are suffering is &quot;Do not trust whatever you see on media&quot;then why people are bashing these actors and shading the reality.

Well said..

Why the hell you are blaming them if you were      Given money to this you would have done the exact same thing Money is the key to happiness

Arshad is underrated happy he refused

We can take the gud from them and leave the bad

Lol.. as if media houses are genuine!! They are the worst corrupted than everyone

Your last few statements were the most true ones!

Sali video big ek agenda. Chutiya Samajha Hai Logo Ko
This is how this industry works not only bollywood Hollywood is also the same.......so chill not a big deal

I don&#39;t see anything wrong in this..Come one if they get money by just tweet Toh problem Kya hai? Maximum of them are workless Kam nahi hai inke pas unko Karne do Hum stupid hai blv Kar lete haiBohot dirty politics isse bhi jayda hote hai Jo superstar karte hai But yeh log chota star hai isiliye leak ho gaya

People earn money out of social media these days..why can&#39;t celebrity earn some money out of their Twitter account? I don&#39;t see anything wrong they are just trying to earn money like every one does! It&#39;s people who  decide to believe those feed on social media

I dont blame the actors.. our industry has favourites as we all knw.. So the lesser earners  have to do smthng abt the income to keep the life they want.. Whts wrng in this?? We all hv our own mind.. Why do we get influenced any way????

Where are Sonam,Swara,Anurag??

Hey, what a girl you are..you didn't even understand who he is talking about..how did you find out that everyone is taking money from BJP and those who support Congress are the same..mahesh That's the full video of what Kasab did next day in the press conference in which RSS was accused..brother you have made a backhanded video..I have to dislike it.
Nothing is free

2.2K Bakhts disliked because they are exposed

Saumya tandon ok that&#39;s good to see tv actress are not  participating

Won&#39;t you do if you&#39;ve been offered for one thousand? Imagine they&#39;ve been offered one bloody crore. Why would they say no?!

Son, even if you come for Congress, you will also haste and will do all this!!!
All celbs have one thing in common failed careers ,but I didn&#39;t expect this  from Sonu

Paise ke liye yeh apna jism bhi bech saktey hai

For what purpose will you write the message?
<a href="">2:12</a> vivek looks like Jimmy Shergil

I don&#39;t get it why is this shocking and dark, all these celebs are either underrated or old they are getting free money for doing absolutely nothing. They will accept it undeniably. They have to get the money from somewhere

Again as soon as I saw the title only cobra post came in my mind.....

Sab logo ki galti hai jo movies ko asli samjh ke dekhte hain, isliye actors bhi asliat mein chutia bna rhe hain logo ko.

Why should one commit murder for money? Haha even me give me money I will support any one sale public toe chutiya hay vote dete hay toe paisa ke liye support karne nahi galat hai
If you ask any group of people(actors, politicians, bureaucrats, general public) to lie for huge amount of money, I am pretty sure atleast 90% would do it. To show as if these are the only crooks in our society is bizzare.Cobrapost did not expose anything, they just showed they do not have basic understanding of human psychology.

<a href="">3:05</a> Ganga you too 
Honestly, I am not surprised. They are in the business of making money through pretending and lying. They have taken up this profession for a reason, and they would have reacted the same way, had it been any other political party for that matter. All they care about is the money they can make.

This is doctored..vivek was talking about smthng else..

Lol. How pathetic and embarrassing.

Old news. Waste of people time. Garbage

They are actually great actors

My sister also passed away.
For 9 crores even Rahul Gandhi  will campaign for modiji

Vivek is the bastered ambassador of India

It&#39;s sad India has majority of Andhbhakts.....

BJP aise hi to support leti h actors ki.... Sharm kro BJP walo

Am I the only one who thinks his voice sounds like Akash ambani voice?

Today the reality of these people is unknown. These people will sell anything for money, they just want money. These actors
<b>Lack of Dharma is making people idots</b>Teach Dharma first

no wonder... this is just a buisnes.... this is not a crime..  its a part of promotion

Don&#39;t forget that actors are humans too..they are doing their jobs..what are you doing..i guess your job!!

I stan Ameesha Patel.  Behen humari super hit

All flop actors
Inka ma ka bas*<b>**</b>

Ameesha has lost it.

They are acter

Brother, money is important in every heart, but you also remain there because you are the creator of it. Mein too. fuck politics
What is wrong in that . Reporters are also doing same thing  and polticians are also comes in same category 

99% popular persons are member of Illuminati

Wow! Well done, they said something in one context, and u turned it into another just for the sake of making a video to make everyone look bad.u speak of moral responsibility?where is urs?

Jin actors ko sab apna ideal mantey wo saley humay chutya bna kr pura kma re h️

Nice

Actors did it for money... but if political parties like BJP in itself has all the credibilities to win, why should they buy people with money? In crores. And then we have farmers dying and a whole lot of issues that our nation is going through, y not utilize that money to genuinely help the nation out of poverty and other problems.

Not surprised

But I felt Vivek isn&#39;t that bad, I saw the whole clip and I remember him telling, &quot; he won&#39;t promote lies, only if it&#39;s truth he ll promote.&quot; so I would pass it fair as a genuine  intention to support his favourite political party but marketing it may not be a good idea. Atleast he wasnt ready to be a puppet of the politicians and agreeing to do anything, if paid..

Disappointing video. It is wrong to point out one party when all the parties are involved. And why are we not questioning actors supporting a few brands for money?

What can a fakir ask from above?
I wish Amir khan was also been added for being intolerant comment by his wife the great kiran, which he support by talking in media. Might be something form somewere he was getting into his pocket, and the best acting in satya mave jayte

It&#39;s not their fault they know all political parties are fuked up. They just getting money from them to support their own charity

N

U just keep getting better
yehi hota hai desh ki adhi janta filmstars and cricketers k fan hai.........rehne do bhaiya is desh ki janta ko lutne do inhe........

Shakti kapoor is sitting in a sexy way... maybe he will sell his botty and legs one day

Kudos to u man..
I&#39;m not surprised, everyone wears mask. Even you!!

The issue is that we put them on a pedestal. See how obsessed we are with the Bollywood wallahs , their airport looks, what their bag contains and the list is endless. The issue with this is that our life isn’t going to improve with this obsession.

How much will you hate BJP?
I really dont know y u made such video..dude its one kinda advertisement isme aadhe se jyada actor outdated and not so famous hai fir bhi cobra walone unko approach kia hai..actors toh paise keliye kr rhe hai...usme badi baat kya hai..dont judge them.itne sare product hai jo kharab hote hue superstars unhe pramote krte hai..politics bhi ek product hai.

Not a new thing everyone is already doing this

Sonam Kapoor also

Bro these people have a life style that requires lots of moneyBMW 7 series Mansion you have to do this

the sad part is they&#39;re already filthy rich and don&#39;t need the money

70 lakhs to one crore a month isnt desperation ..... letting it go would be a really stupid .....even though the practice is sinister

Sonu sood also 
bhai sonam swara v to yhi j

Good jobThis needs to be exposed.

Tum is randiyo k gand me Paisa maro to ye log tumare sath sex korne k liye bhi raji to <a href="">jayega.in</a> logo ko farak hi nehi parta k app kon ho....fucking money digger.or in logo k celebrity kahte hai....

This is shocking - but then again anything from Cobrapost I would take it with a pinch of salt... They totally put words in the mouth of the people and then they show them as corrupted... Also their agenda always involves only one party...!!!

370 35A ko support krta hu mai &amp; really praise ruling government for this.... So now people will judge me ki isne BJP se paisa liya hai....See the thing is praising someone doesn&#39;t make u a Chamcha or a Bhakt.... If someone is doing right i think we should all support it....

I think u people should eat shit  fr dat people will definitely give u lots of money

Dude why anurag kashyap, Zoya Akhtar, farhan Akhtar, etc many more not here???... Urban naxalites

These all are not Artist, they all are FARTIST.

you intentionally didn&#39;t contact/mention Swara/Sonam/Rakhi/Hardkaur/Anurag kshyap etc...... q Bhai??tumhaare conversion waalo k sath ya khongress k sath hen kya??

Dude u have made video on bjp supporter actor what about vaampanthi unban naxal and congress parast actor

Bro Excellent Job ....! You should make more videos on this subject to aware Indian blind auditions...!

‘Shakti Kapoor and Modiji are best friends naa’ !! -  Love you even more - Thankyou so much ! ️

One should never trust these celebs. They always wear masks. In front of camera, they are the best people in the world.

That&#39;s why we shouldn&#39;t give a flying F about which actor endorses which political party/views..

Truly sad 

Tuta tuta, itne parinde aise ke tuta phir jhud na pyaa 
Try asking Amithab Bachchan the same.. he will refuse .. Legend for a reason !!

dog is for sale
You r awesome n this video (n some others) shows that you r not biased person.Hatts of to you.(Sorry for the late from me coming here)

Who is Ameesha Patel and Mahima Choudhary oml I am confused

Not main video bano
arey toh kya ho gaya ........rallies m jakar promote krte hain tab bhi tog paise lete hain ....toh twitter pe kar dia toh kya hua.......we should vote for what we believe in .

these were the few incidents, who knows how much others in the same boat.

Love you dear sir
only one person surprised me...Tisca Chopra . Others r just cringeworthy actors and thus r bound to earn their bread and butter someway or the other .

Na biwi na bacha na baap bada na maiyaThe whole thing is that ke bhaiya sabse bada rupaiya

Most of us would be doing the same for money

Bollywood is shit

Where the media has been sold, where the celebrities have been sold, there is no betrayal.
This shows how BJP WON

I am not surprised at all, even  celebrities Dhoni, Akshay kumar etc. are getting paid.

I&#39;m sure there are more but not exposed yet

Nushrat and mimi who was paid

u&#39;ve got..gutss.. keep it up brother
So...let me understand this: Only BJP paid people to promote itself? And this mass antibjp stance of Bollywood is all voluntary?

Congress and AAP did not tell much... You are the people who are spending this political party? Tabhi ye haar gayi 
Now we have dung operation against bjp is worse then shite......actors are always actors never listen them.....play fair guys play fair atleast for now all are awake here cant fool for long......you guys also staged nothing new.

Do you think Yami gautam believe in Fair &amp; Lovely?

This is the thing about India, you worship celebrities so much you can’t wake up to reality. Not all but a large portion anyway. You should not need a sting job like this to wake you up, you shouldn’t be sleeping.

And how much did you charge for your agenda hahah what do you think we ppl are stupid..  I liked this page a lot but after this I realized you too are sold to a political party

These all are Declining actors Striving for survival...one can Be prone to Do something like this which isn&#39;t Really directly Harmful..I am not supporting it but We should not be judgemental

Shamfull actors

Where are Swara Bhaskar,sonam Kapoor...??

What do you think how Modi won this time?

How unfortunate

Don&#39;t be a stan of bollywood actors

Excuse me...the sting operation was not needed...but now I think u got ur answer as BJP won 🇮🇳

Jai ho 

i get your point of not believing the celebs but how come all the string operations is asking for tweeting in the name of bjp and not other political party  . your video is little shady too

There is a reason why these actors and actresses are unsuccessful

Bollywood ne sabko bigadke rakha he yaar trust no one now its hurts a lot I hope jhon nahi he inme

As much brightness is seen from the spring, there is much more darkness in it in the filmy world and the political world.
Sell ​​chutiye mat bana
Andh bhkt h hm log jo in logo ko like n lv krte h

Chi chi chi !!very bad thing!!

And how much was given to u guys by CONGRESS??

पंगा with wrong admi
After banning people in India it is easy...this is what has happened that South Indian actors are not seen on screen.
Sala bjp wale kitne gir chuke hea

Bjp wale maderchod hea

What makes me wonder is why Ameesha patel came into bollywood in the first place?She is a gold medalist in economics from a reputed American university. She could have very well pursued a career in that. she should realize that she is not a good actress n quit films n pursue economics.:P

Most of them are flop actors and out of business. So they have to make some money one or the other way. Political parties are taking advantage of there bad situations.

Why are you making your ass fat when you speak Hindi?
Vidya Balan 
Side bikaoo h
arshad warsi is my fav

Ye bollywood tatti hai
You also seems paid..Why didn&#39;t you talk about Swara Bhaskar,Sonam Kapoor,Shahrukh khan,Amir Khan(Jiski biwi ko India me dar lagta h).. But your strategy is of no use because public has elect their favorite... Because they are not gonna to brainwashed by any one..No matter it&#39;s some actor or u tuber..

I really didn&#39;t expect some of these actor&#39;s to say yes..

The fucker who has made this video is a no. One chutiapa. They are actor and they take money to act wat ur asking them to do. They are doing their job. U  wanna just spoil they image. If a actor acts has a villian it doesn&#39;t mean he is a bad person in real world. Somebody should put a hidden camera in ur bedroom and record ur nasty and filty actions. People are trying to unite Indian and u fucker wanna create a political fight here. Bjp is doing a great job and Congress too but a bit little. So try making some good and.entertaining video not this piece of shit.

Ur brave.

All these milkmaids are making us crazy, the children of mad@#₹d
Bollywood is a beautiful looking stinking disgusting shithole.

I don&#39;t know these people are good in personal life but Vivek and anurag like is some among the bollywood who make me believe in bollywood industry. rest are too fake and unrealistic to me and their lean on some party well they also have the right choose like we have.

Tiger Shroff speaking of Uppar waale laude ke baal
Bastards
Why will they no say to money    when their career is destroyed by nepotism any one get offer  will. Never say no to money. Their is no Karn born again   ok don&#39;t spoil. Their  name  during election all people demand all thing and complete their need s.

We charge 5.

All I will say is paise ke liye, aur jaab baat rosi roti ki ho, toh galat Kya hai

Well, How well this channel showed half the picture? Nice propaganda by this dude

Those calling out BJP, I could argue that this video was perhaps an effort against BJP. Yes, these are actors and we all know that they&#39;re also only humans. Surely, you can&#39;t be all that gullible. Log toh kuch bhi kehte hain- words are cheap.

Vivek oberoi is very rich himself. The vdo u hv shown doesnt prove anything. Stop it. How much did u get to defame bjp???

What abt srk supporting congress

They dont just sell there thougts they have sold there soul to the devil himself long ago

These are not big celebs.. real big celebs do this all the time n don&#39;t get caught.. this matters bcoz big celebs are bigger influencers.. these ppl caught don&#39;t have enough influence to begin with..

Dude, you&#39;re one of the bravest youtubers!! Absolutely amazing.

Great but why the sting operation did not take videos of those celebs against BJP too?

I wonder why all the &quot;independent&quot;, &quot;real journalists&quot;, &quot;brave reporters&quot;, stings like cobra post, the wire and tehelka only come out during BJP rule and go back into hibernation during Congress rule? So much intolerance, corruption, anarchy sprang up within such a short period, no?

Mahima Choudhary, Ameesha Patel, Jackie Shroff &amp; And wishes on power!!!!!!!! Gyan mut de brother. Stick to what TRP does best.. Knowledge of politics is not available. Swara Bhaskar, Sonam, when the doctor read the placard, he did not put his finger in anyone's eyes. The path of the unnecessary was hidden. Do what you do best. How much did Cobrapost pay you for posting this video? Because no one has seen the video of cobra post.
Ye videos shayad cobra sting  operation ne nikala tha.. And if it is, tab toh unko hi trust nahi kar sakte.. They manipulate the content and showcase it.. So I will not react to it

Well it is not just bjp they will do that for any party.. Money is all that matters.. It is us who should start thinking for ourselves. Be a critical thinker!

I stopped believing Bollywood long ago and I kind of have no interest in their movies or actors.Hate them!

Vivek oberoi..... Gandwa hai

Sir we are not getting influenced by them so its non of our bussiness what they say wht they do.....let them be with that so i dnt think its a valuable information given by admin..as per my knwldg..

Salman khan: Our sunbae to Gandiya Faat Jayi
These kind of people are called beggars...

Could you please caption your videos with English subtitles? I love your videos and really want to understand the entirety of them.

What&#39;s so wrong about it if they want money to advertise. At the end of the day, it is STILL that- an advertise. And advertisements are never free of cost.

Thank you so much.
I haven&#39;t bank balance like those celebrities but i would never do anything against my country, spread fake news just for the sake of money. I don&#39;t understand how people follow these celebrities in various platform. These celebrities in media says fight for your country, always tell truth be honest. Sad

Shameful ...

Nice propoganda , hit piece using shakti Kapoor pervert

<a href="">Mr.you</a> mentioned name of our prime ministers what you think about us that we r fool I am thousand time sure this is a doctorate video I appeal all actor actress whom are showing there pleas take a legal action of this video.

I want to know how much its real and legal thats why  I request to all those who watch the video please dont  judge it by seeing  judge it by aske who made it and how much its real .

Jammy why don&#39;t you make reviews for classics. It would be wonderful to know the opinion of young generation on classics.Also outlining the plot would help encourage people to watch those movies or not watch them but have idea about them. Classics like Mother India, Mughal E Azam,  Pakiza , DDLJ , Bazigar etc.

For these actors and politicians  common man form as groups and abuse each other,,thy both are making money and watch circus while common ppl kill each other on name of religion , caste , favorite actors abd fav politician ,, bitter truth

They haven&#39;t published Sonam Kapoor, Swara Bhaskar, Huma Qureshi, Farhan Akhtar who extend support to Rahul Gandhi Congress

Who all saw the cobra expose ahahahahah vivek lawdu. See the cobra exposed
They all can fuck their mother just for money nobody gets influenced buy these motherfukers

Only BJP N congress is a sacred cow.

Seems like a planned propaganda , how come everyone is only doing it for BJP? While there are actors openly talking against BJP and for Congress. Seems all staged

In chuthiyo ke publicity se koi fark nahi padtha

These people are &quot;actors&quot; that is the only thing they do best best . People believing in actors are fooling themselves.

Big Eye Opener .. Thanks for SHaring

Dats really disgusting..... Thanx buddy 4 d awareness.... M truly thankful 2 u...

People really should not follow any celebrity blindly rather they  should go through real facts......but it is because Vivek Oberoi is playing the character of Modi ji in his next movie you all went to  interview those celebrity whom you saw supporting a bit bjp. No doubt they have been paid for what they are going but why you did not even try to interview people like Sonam Kapoor swara bhaskar Javed Akhtar Mohammed Hamid Ansari( former vice President) Aamir Khan Nasiruddin Shah and many more.How much you have taken to interview some selected celebrities and not even taking their name who always speak rubbish and promote anti-national agendas

How ethical are the people of India...everyone is corrupt...and if you are not corrupt it means you will not be able to steal from anywhere.
Fucking fakery. Edited statements. Put our raw unedited videos if you got balls.
Nothing wrong in that....post ya tweet se money mil Raha to...

What we have to do is to sting the news channels as many news readers as they can. These people do everything to make money. This is useful for them, but if the press takes the money then it is wrong to show them.
Why are we expecting any celebrity to be super human

What is the meaning of Cobra post? What crime is this? The name is cobra q. Maisamji this kuch must be related to snake..but this is different news 
Why targeting BJP only.. Congress only, what milk have they bought?.. how much money have you spent, this is for the video 
Guys jaha pe yeh log hai hidden camera kisi k paas hai iska matlab yeh log hi gye honge to bjp khud kyu leke jaegi inko..kya bewakoof log hai.....waha jaake congress ka name lete to wo unke liye bhi bolte.....yeh unka character hai bik jaana ...tumne target kiya hai ek particular party ko.....what a shame!! And you went to such insignificant people... and otherwise also the context in any of the conversations isn&#39;t clear.....actually tum log dikhaana chahte ho k bjp ne sab kuch issi tarah kiya hai ...congress ne to aaj tak kuch kiya hi nai.....ek insaan kuch acha kare to saala apne desh ki jaanta uski waat lagaane me lag jaati hai....iss desh k liye yehi acha hai k inko gatar me hi rehne do koi zaroorat nai safai karne ki...kyunki inko pasand hi yeh hai.....

Salute to them who rejected the offer...

Ironically, your video appears right before elections. What is the proof that entire video was not made only to defame BJP and convey wrong message to public that BJP is the devil?It&#39;s no surprise that Congress blames BJP for exactly same vicious games that they have been playing. You definitely weren&#39;t courageous enough to dig the truth. Instead you chose short cut to publicize this video &amp; earn money from same political party in whose favour you have uploaded the video. Also, it&#39;s not hidden anymore that defaming BJP is easy ticket to bollywood &amp; u r just in same queue.

Ms Urmila Matondkar is really standing for elections out of her love for India 

VIVEK CHOR NIKLA, that's why we got Modi's character , good casting &#39; cobrapost' ???CHOWKIDAR is a thief..., Jai Hind 🇮🇳 🇮🇳 🇮🇳
Shakti Kapoor is the most revolting, slimy and disgusting human being, no wonder he was such a good villain on screen.

For 1cr you will sell your channel to political party.

Is this only to expose actors who get paid to speak about BJP. So are you saying Congress and other parties are not following such practices?

Ameesha is just pure and pious

This shows how some celebrity are fake

Nach mere bulbul tujhe paisa milega. Bjp jaisa kadrdan tujhe kon milega. 

This needed subtitles

Excellent Job Sir......Jabtak bollywood rahega tab tak log chutiya bante rahenge...
Assholes

Brother, I cannot speak Hindi from your mouth. English pajamas.
And even after videos and proofed indiqns egos aint admitted they are shameless who is still a celebs suckers

Infact whatever is done by cobrapost is wrong nd you should know that they can sell yheir opinions dont you have your own brain?

OK people, here&#39;s the thing. I appreciate the moral this person is trying to talk about namely don&#39;t trust celebrities. Fine. We get it. But I&#39;m going to take this one step further and say don&#39;t trust someone who is clearly trying to push a specific agenda. And Cobra does have one and we don&#39;t know this person propagating cobra expose could also be paid by someone. You understand? If you&#39;re being told to be skeptical then be skeptical of these people as well. Because it could be literally anything. Targeted celebs being made scapegoats and there could be a hidden agenda we can&#39;t even see or imagine at this point. Innocent until proven guilty, you don&#39;t know anyone can fabricate video evidence. So yeah.

So what have you done to the peso, because ask those leaders who are in the peso Congress, they don't see the dirty talk, they don't see the power of logic, because they did everything for the peso, you guys, that's what. People are doing wrong for money, it is right to do right for money, there is nothing wrong in it, we have been here for 70 years till now, we have been taught Nehru, Gandhiji gave us freedom, why Bhagat Singh, Sardar Patel, Who is Bose, Bismil, Azad??? I would do good campaigning for money and would do good complaining for free if I would have been a celebrity nothing wrong
i pity the people who luk upto these bollywood THINGS.

Itne views to khud Cobra Post walo ke original videos ke bhi nahi hai

&quot;My beginning has also started&quot;-
I request cobra post to make a string operation in Telugu film industry also these people will are very small town in front of them

I was disappointed to see tisca chopra on the list kailash kher was funny his shudh hindi  conversation felt like he is upto something holy and sacred

It&#39;s not surprising. They need money. Yaar rozi roti hai Inki acting Karna.

Chutiya mat bano. Use your own mind or mind.
My beginning also started.. Hahaha
I m not following any celeberities like many indians do...but i m going to do one thing that many indians will do.....voting bjp in 2019 election these post not going to help..i dont need any shitty celebreties vision for understanding political parties of our country.....n guys plz stop following celebrities

Dey r actors and dis is der work, dis is wat dey doDo you think aishwarya tresemme shampoo use karti hogiDo you think dhoni uses Orient fansDoes Amitabh uses lux Venus or Varun lux coziKatrina k ghar mai slice ka 1 bottle v nahi hogaIt is us who need 2 choose wat is right or what is wrongAnd advertisement hikes d rate of d product

Propaganda against bjp but it actually exposed celebrities lol

I just think Indians generally take their celebrities way to seriously. Rajnikanth and Amitabh Bachan are treated like gods, The 3 Khans are treated like politicians, and the list goes on and on.  The only people who we should look up to and follow are our parents and ourselves. These guys are just entertainers. If not for us paying their salaries through our purchasing of items they endorse and what not, they would really be concentrating on filmmaking and that would result in better films made. So in a way, I blame the people just as much as these actors.

This! This was the video I was waiting for ! Anmol, you’re intelligent, you speak well, you present well. Why are you wasting precious time with Bollywood stupidities. You have so much more to offer. Educate the masses on politics and politicians and the youths responsibilities bro !! Finally

One of the million reasons why I dont follow Bollywood  celebrities

Cheaters BJP ,, AND CELEBRITIES ARE LIKE WHORES WILL DO ANY THING FOR MONEY

Also expose swara bhasker ,sonam Kapoor and other who are against hindus and BJP

Thanks for the video, it&#39;s an eye opener for the fans who are really mad behind the celebrities or Bollywood actors

Vivek Oberoi is CHUTIYA just an unemployed sanghi.....for political career is doing modis biopic

Tried&amp;refused production what will be your reaction when we ask same questions to you guys... don&#39;t tell me you guys making videos to make people happy..

haan to,tell cobrapost to go to so called liberals,feminists and so concerned stars about one particular sect.i m not sure, but if it explains the hypocrisy on twitter and social media by all these so called stars and liberals,yeah they may be doing same thing for the sake of money.<a href="">#mainbhichowkidaar</a>

Best part d the video was Shakti Kapoor&#39;s lame thighs.

This sting operation is of no worth. People buy Instagram and Facebook likes. News channels create fake headlines. These actor&#39;s are the last people to swing votes. Majority win is decided by Villagers. Unko toh party&#39;s daaru deti hai aur chicken. Ladies log ko cycle ya gas. Stupid will be those who follow these actor&#39;s.

What is wrong in that? They are brands and products. Stupid are the ones who believe them.

Notice that the matter of Cobrapost is only spread by Hindu celebrities, they have become famous, oh of course they will support BJP, they have been brainwashing BJP, they have been defaming BJP.....
U bastard anti bjp

Is this video party funded? I will only state facts here. Just listen to his comments on Vivek Oberoi and you can make out his bias. He mentions an irrelevant comment that Vivek has worked in a movie recently which is a political propaganda. How is him taking money for posting content on social media related to him acting in a movie as a politician? He would definitely charge for working in a movie. He should have stuck to movie analysis. But that&#39;s the problem with people of limited character. The moment they become popular, they are allured by parties to take sides and thus such videos surface!

Somehow it&#39;s funny people need a video to know this,  what does a brand ambassador mean?

There are Actors they do acting in front of camera n off the camera .people who believe they r right model to follow in your life .boss u r wrong . they r actor people who paid thm good thy ll b with them whether Amir, naseerdin Shah or vivek or sonu.Apna dimag chalo .what is good for country plz select thm .ek leader chor hai doosra use b bada choor hai .plz select kaam choir wala leader warna khud ah jaio maiden par Saab choor se mukabala karne.

This is some sad bullshit. All the people here targeted are celebs with dead career. Of course they&#39;re desperate for money. Anybody took take any easy money offer.

No wonder why tey are counted in the category of flop actors of the industry....

Unfollowing this page right away. Dude you should have known better. This is absolutely targeted at one party and is clearly biased. Moreover Cobrapost is owned by the co-founder of Tehelka, what more can you expect from such a trash?Anyways, we all know where your allegiance is. You should have kept it till Bollywood memes. This is way too far.

PAPPU RAJA&#39;S PAID PIDDI CHANNEL SPITTING VENOM SEEING OBLITERATION FROM INDIAN POLITICAL ARENA

everyone's money is worth it
All of this is fixed, cobra tv  want marketing.

<b>You see Kangana ranaut?? You see why celebrities should NOT make political comments???</b> Because they can influence masses, and that is already being used for business. Lekin muhfat aurat lagi hai &quot;celebrities have responsibility, they should not run away from making political comments.&quot; My foot!! Bitch Kangana.

Abe saale....jaabe kuch bhi video banate ho ....Paisa kamane ke liye..... election Aya to video bana Diya......saale tumlog bhi same ho.... marketing sab karte he aajkal..... actors hote hi ussi ke liye.....tumhara thought explain karne le liye.....cuz they have attitude good looks and fans...tumlog fukat ho .......shayad Congress walo ne tumko Paisa Diya he.....BJP deti to tumlog Congress ke opposite me video banate .....you guys are destroying this country

Only if I had a dollar for everytime you said &#39;money&#39;.. Keep it low buddy..

Spewed venom as usual not at all surprised

This sting operation targets openly BJp and as you have presented it with additional of your impact to it must have been a paid display I believe. I was a big fan of yours. However ...

Salute to you brother. For bringing this to the attention of the masses and using your platform and reputation that this channel earned over the years for morally justifiable cause and enlightening people especially younger generation the ugly face of these celebraties. You have a talent to create convincing content and Proficient presentation skill and you used it for good purpose. Respect. Keep up the good work. We really appreciate it.

<a href="">5:18</a>...... Ehmmmm! The fuck!!

Does this channel is real???  Or it&#39;s also supported by any political party?

In chutiyo ka career to gaya feku inko bhi le duba

This is unfair on the actors who&#39;re just trying to make some money, &#39;If you&#39;re good at anything don&#39;t do it for free&#39;... Joker - The Dark Knight. Notice how they cobrapost people only approached b grade actors who&#39;ll be desperate for money.

Requesting someone to put English sub in this video. Can’t understand Hindi sorry people

And the election commission wont take action regarding this!

unfollow all them and not trust any actors onwords

Pakistani grandma: ye actors bik gyi, khud to pagal hai, hamey bhi pagal bana reh hai MADARCHODD..ME: OOOOoooohhhhhhh

Y is it such a big thing everyone in this country knows that bollywood takes sides amitabh,akshay, vivek take BJP same way bhatt, johar and few intellectual bolywood guys taje congress no big deal they problem is we the people think that these guys r pure and pious(hahahahaha) how could i forget anupam kher BJP chatu and Naseeruddin shah bjp opposer all have political leanings guys nk big deal enjoy ur lyf dont give bollywood so much of shit load importance that they change ur view on a person. Be self learned

They are selling India&#39;s soul for money.  Very very sad

Why u did not contact Sonam Kapoor, Swara Bhaskar, Huma Qureshi, Farhan Akhtar??
All these devils can sell their faith for money...shame.
actions of Salman khan has been most shameful. Killing ppl, black buck. Can you shame him as well

Politics is that second largest business in this nation. Second to religion.There can be a debate but it won&#39;t be worth it coz BJP Congress and all the shit bags do it all the time.These actors and actresses should only be loved in their movies, coz we pay to see those movies. Out of the theatre, their death hardly affects me and I know my life would not matter shit to them.And this does not limit to the leaders. We as Indians are self centred morons. 70 years of democracy has divided and blinded us. So much that we do not even see what kind of pathetic beings we are.I am surely proud of my nation and its history. But Being an Indian I am disappointed to see my fellow Indians. This video shows Bollywood actors doing things for money. Don&#39;t we all do things that gives us some profit. Just because they are celebrities we point fingers at them, question their morality. We are no different, how many viewers of this video will not do what they are doing for 9cr? Most of you will do it just for 10 lacs. Before trying to justify this comment, ask yourself.Money is the base necessity for survival, anyone who says different is a dumb moron and living in absolute denial. I am grateful they are doing it for the nation despite being fake. They are still better than murderers and rapists and the despicable set of Indians that is reproduced every 2 mins.

Kya hey ye koi paisa deney wala hey to legahi na kya galti hey

Every actor act for money even salman khan also

They are Actors, they &#39;ACT&#39; for Money, On Screen and Off Screen both

And what can Jacky Shroff ask for from those who give him?
Actors are here to act, they are crazy 
Why only BJP but?65/70 years Congress ruled, think how much they all would have already earned? They might have done it previously and that&#39;s why they are very comfortable doing it again. I would say one thing show both sides of the coin without tarnishing only one otherwise it will &amp; it surely does at the moment sound(s) like a Propaganda!Also, for whatever Congress, SP &amp; BSP have done to this nation &amp; its state they will never ever be even my last choice on this planet, I&#39;ll rather prefer not to vote or better die. They only cared for their votes especially from only one religious community &amp; therefore no action against Terrorism, false &amp; widespread preaching of a religion in the states &amp; nation itself, no action at all. See what is happening in West Bengal &amp; Kerala today. How come in a secular state only one religion is on such a tremendous rise? Rise of one religion only is also not good, we have Pakistan, Syria &amp; Afghanistan as examples.I hope you cover both the sides equally on your political subject matters otherwise it only leads to biased prejudices for which common people themselves end up paying in the end.Jain Hind.

Everything a actors do is a show off even marriages

This great alliance seems to be working, only Modi has taken the name of BJP in this video...
Damn. This was informal. Thanks man

So trust your opinion. Today everything is paid for. Even the soap you buy to the food that you eat. Would I care if Shakti Kapoor or Amisha Patel supported XYZ party? Lol... Nice journalism, but who knows you’re from the other side.Everybody can be bought, everyone has need of money...greed it may be called, but then who ain’t They are actors, paid to act bro

Who says u need to believe a celebrity? They are paid to act in a movie, show or whatever. It&#39;s simple common sense that u don&#39;t believe what they do or talk.

BHOSDI WALE REPORTERS TUM LOG BJP KA BANDA BANKAR HI KYU GAYE THE. KYA TUM LOG CONGRESS SE MILE HUE HO? WO ACTOR HAI PAISA LEKE KISI K LIYE BHI BOL SAKTE HAI PAR TUM HARAMI LOG BJP KO HI BADNAM KARNA CHAHTE HO.RANDI KI JANE SUDHER JAO

This video itself is very biased and exposes the fact that we should not believe any video in the YouTube without thinking through .The video names a particular party which raises suspicion .Shame on you guys !

<a href="">

This government is crazy, these b***n c**d people are driving us crazy, we are the b***d fat people, abuse has been banned by YouTube.
Shocking? Wtf are you? A naive little kid?

Celebrity culture(amongst other things) is the toxic cesspool of human society. It however is a symptom and not the problem. Its truly sad that celebrity culture is so closely associated with cinema(again kinda the industry&#39;s fault, i can see that), because i truly love cinema as an artform.Man why am i typing this in a youtube comment? No one is gonna read it anyways. Its gonna be drowned in the endless sea of the internet. Internet was supposed to connect us, all of us, on the scale hitherto unimagined before and not makes us more anonymous, a shadow of who we truly are. Why? What are we being punished for? Why is this the curse of humankind that we are terrible at the things that makes us human?

Inko Follow bhi kaun karta hai!!Should have gone for even bigger kill.

What a shitty post. 1) none of the supposed &#39;candid&#39; videos are shown completely, how do we know they&#39;ve said what you say they have. 2) even if they are taking money to spread messages etc, that&#39;s what ANYONE and EVERYONE with populist reach DOES. Celebrities and Artists have been doing this world over since eons. I think you are just jealous that you work on a shitty portal for a turd-like salary and hence wanted your few minutes of scandalising fame.

What are you doing? Living off of celebrities&#39; fame? Don&#39;t be a judge.

You are Congress supporter. So just go and fuck off

All bikes have been sold.
