Here we are in 2024 and many schools still have the same education system 

<a href="">5:00</a>

This is a superb talk.

Man, I love the intro to the video

I&#39;m from those kids who had started there education journey in 2006 I&#39;m not willing to retired in 2065!, instead I&#39;ll retire before middle 30&#39;s.I quit from studying Dentistry because it wasn&#39;t my passion and I&#39;m that crazy dude in the entire family who believes in what he capable of, and I&#39;ll Push myself in sake for helping others and stand against greedyness

Here in Brazil, if you&#39;re a dummy, you&#39;re beloved. If you&#39;re a genius, you&#39;re fortunate if you get a job in a circus.

who came here from coursera

Hi, Its mE 2024

Was that necessary for all fucking audience in the hall to laugh after each sentence he finished?

<a href="">15:08</a> EPIPHANY  How did talented people discover their talent? 

That&#39;s what we need to learn

This was like watching the smartest standup ever

The education in all western countries is a shambles and intentionally destroyed, young people are goosed

I truly wish sometimes, i was 1 or 2 % as smart as some people, im not and accept it, it just makes me sad sometimes.

I came for Henri Armelin’s class‍
Still rewatching, and re-laughing at all of his jokes right now And for sure will watch and laugh in the future. Truly an inspiration!

2024

Watched this for the umpteenth, and I can try understand why it has been the most successful TED talk ever, it is simply brilliant.

MAY BE IN USA OR DEVELOPMENT COUNTRIES DOESNT WORTH IT BUT IN ASIA AND POOREST COUNTRIES DOESNT CARE ABOUT YOUR CRITIVITY YOU SHOULD HAVE DEGREE AND YOU SHOW THEM YOUR DEGREE
Amazing .Ken spoke at Knowsley in 1980. Fresh as a daisy still. Rip Ken. Phil n

Is it just me or is that Jezz Bezos at <a href="">15:00</a>?

<a href="">11:04</a> I see that Ted&#39;s been to Malone Society Dance at the Shakespeare Association of America conference.

this is genuinely the worst fucking ted talk i have ever heard. will this guy shut up and get to the fucking point instead of just spitting off anecdotes for no goddamn reason.

17 years and  23 million views later still people listen to this man.What a beautiful words.Pure gold nuggets. 

The best Ted Talk of all time. Just as relevant, if not more, than it was years ago. Eye-opening and enlightening.

Jeff Bezos throws his head back laughing @<a href="">14:58</a>

At <a href="">14:50</a> you can see Jeff Bezos in the crowd laughing his head off.

We can&#39;t have too many geniuses, can we?

<a href="">15:01</a> Is that Jeff Bezos????

Do you see the man who will become one of the most wealthy on earth laugh in the audience

Still so relevant!
As my Late Great Father said… “Schooling got in the way of my Education” Kevin Grogan

2024 and we are still coming back to this video

<a href="">15:00</a>Is that Jeff Bezos

An amazing intellect, hey?

You talk nonsense about your ass, then when homework is over, English is left to you.
absolutely fantastic, spot on

amazing speech.
17 years later and the answer remains the same, Do schools kill creativity? Yes, remember school is originally created to pump out mindless and obedient workers, not thinkers.

still here in 2024

23.8million views over 16 years wow

This was the one of the  best  talks  i have  seen . 100 %  better than whole the teachings of school and College.

<a href="">8:42</a> i believe John Taylor Gatto mentions this in &quot;dumbing down of america&quot;

Bravo!!!!!
Came back to re-listen to my favourite video on YouTube.

&quot;I used to be one, so there!&quot; 

Just wow.

AMAZING &lt;3

Wow, 16 years ago! This talk doesn&#39;t age.

I find it interesting that non of the commenters to this creativity video have said “Wow! Thanks for giving me the pathway to develop and allow my own creativity to step forward”. They are all interested in watching creativity in action however non getting excited enough to start creating themself.

Bard rates me 8-9 out of 10 in creativity after 2 months of interaction. Happy. 

Most inspirational. Creative feels good. ️️
22 Million view and 16 zears later its still the same but not quite

 Key Takeaways for quick navigation:<a href="">00:27</a>  <b>The Speaker Introduces the Three Conference Themes</b>- Human creativity&#39;s evident diversity and range showcased at the conference.- The uncertainty of the future&#39;s trajectory and its implications for education.- The profound interest everyone seems to have in education despite its social reception.<a href="">03:21</a>  <b>Creativity&#39;s Significance in Education</b>- The call for elevating creativity&#39;s importance in education to a level equal to literacy.- Anecdotes emphasizing the inherent creativity in children and its underutilization.- Highlighting the need to nurture creativity alongside academic subjects.<a href="">05:57</a>  <b>Fear of Being Wrong and Its Impact</b>- Encouraging the willingness to take chances and embrace the possibility of being wrong for originality.- Addressing societal conditioning that instills fear of mistakes, hindering creative development.- Picasso&#39;s quote about children&#39;s innate artistic abilities contrasted with adult inhibitions.<a href="">09:06</a>  <b>The Arts and Education Hierarchy</b>- Critiquing the hierarchical placement of subjects, where arts often rank lower.- Advocating for valuing dance and arts education as much as mathematics or languages.- The educational shift that prioritizes cognitive development over holistic learning.<a href="">11:32</a>  <b>The Impact of Academic Ability and System Structure</b>- Discussing the influence of industrialism on education&#39;s purpose and structure.- The bias towards subjects deemed &#39;useful&#39; for work and the devaluation of creative pursuits.- The unintended consequences on talented individuals whose strengths don&#39;t align with academic norms.<a href="">14:29</a>  <b>Understanding Intelligence and Its Diversity</b>- Diverse perspectives on intelligence encompassing various ways of thinking and interaction.- The anecdote about Gillian Lynne, highlighting the unique forms of intelligence and their recognition.- Challenging the current perception of intelligence shaped by academic-oriented systems.<a href="">18:27</a>  <b>Rethinking Education for Human Ecology</b>- Urging a fundamental shift in educational principles to recognize the breadth of human potential.- The metaphor of &quot;strip-mining&quot; minds akin to earth&#39;s depletion, advocating for a richer human capacity view.- Encouraging wise utilization of human imagination to shape a positive future.Made with HARPA AI

I respectfully disagree. I dont think we should use public funds to teach people to dance or sing... i just dont think these things are productive or practical for the average person to pursue in society. Schools need to be as efficient as possible and teach the most useful skills to the most people that will benefit them the most in life. Reading and writing is crucial for instance for all walks of life. Math is also important for society as its needed for engineering and physics etc we should teach kids so that they can make the US a better place.

Who all saw Jeff Bezos laughing in the audience? <a href="">14:57</a>

By far one of my favourite Ted talks.

rip ken robinson
I&#39;ve just re-watched this, years after I first saw it and the message is as powerful now as it was 16 years ago!

Jeff bezos was in the room <a href="">14:58</a>

An incredible speech way ahead of its time. Thank you Sir Ken.

yes absolutely

My teacher made us do a presentation on a Ted talk. I chose this one

I guess that his son was very upset about this speech. Everybody was asking &quot;is it true? Who exactly is Sarah?&quot; And so on.I cannot judge Sir Ken as a whole but what I see, Robinson jr. can be extremely proud of this thinking man.

Low key one of the best stand up comedians

“If all the insects were to disappear from the Earth, within 50 years all life on Earth would end. If all human beings disappeared from the Earth, within 50 years all forms of life would flourish.” -by Jonas Salk

Still so relevant all these years later. You see kids that grow up around an industry such as farming for instance , and they end up being good at *drum roll*.... farmers. Why does education have to be a vague box ticking exercise where everyone (nearly) is in a race to the middle and ends up skilled at nothing at all.My children have been dancing and [playing in a football team since they were 5. They get so much more out of the few hours a week they do those sessions than an entire work week of school. Why can&#39;t we have lessons in industry and skills? Why can&#39;t people explore their interests from a young age rather than only having time to &#39;find themselves&#39; once they&#39;ve retired? such a waste of potential

this was the first and best ted talk i&#39;ve ever seen

WONDERFUL!!!

if aaaaaaa
god is inside beauty is outside

No it hasnt been fucking great, sinse iiiiit all played out. , no i dont get asked to

<a href="">15:01</a> Wait is that who I think it is?

School education is a facility where we learn the famous quotes of great people. The great man is God, Jesus. Sealing God's Jesus is the same as destroying the education industry all over the world. Teachers working in the school education industry will lose their jobs. You can't teach children anything. This is the collapse of the beautiful social system and culture of teacher-pupil education. Collapse of legal compliance culture. The collapse of the sporting spirit. Collapse of maintenance of service social system. Collapse of the system of worshiping God Jesus. Collapse of the government system. Collapse of the separation of powers. This is the reality in the United States today that no one wants.
I wish schools emphasized teaching how to read and not what to read. If they focused on how to write but left students the freedom to express their thoughts and opinions without fear of judgement. Basic mathematics needs to make sense in a practical way. If you can do the problem 10 times then why do you need 60 problems. Homework is horrible and should be discouraged in my opinion. Somehow teachers need to find a way to make the time at school productive and inspiring. Every kid is great at something and the ones who get the highest grades aren’t the only ones who count. We need to bring individuality back to our education systems. The school day is also too long. Make it an hour and a half shorter with the time afterwards reserved for homework and tutoring while still at school. Parents should focus on life skills and sitting down to dinner not stupid science projects and tons of repetitive lessons.

The fact that this video was dropped when i was born and it matches with todays reality perfectly

this made me feel better as a 22yr old almost graduate.

In the 1930&#39;s the condition we know now as ADHD was considered to be a moral failing or a defect in character and generally treated with violence and when that didnt work the children were written off. Gillian probably did have ADHD she also was lucky enough to have parents who were attentive enough to notice, had the means to see specialists and to put her into a dance school. Probably many more Gillians were just flushed down the toilet (figuratively speaking). Agree the education system is not suited to most kids but please dont dismiss a known biological condition like ADHD like that. It sounds very quippy but its actually quite dangerous. Nowadays Gillian wouldnt be given pills, shed have been left on a waiting list for 2-3 years while her parents struggled to find accomodations for her at school. When she did get assessed she probably would have been rejected because her behaviour wasnt disruptive enough. A huge percentage of ADHD females are only diagnosed in adulthood as they tend to turn the hyperactivity in on themselves and receive more pressure to mask the symptoms. If she was lucky enough to be diagnosed in childhood, they would indeed treat her with medication because if she has ADHD they know that there are certain chemicals such as dopamine that the ADHD brain struggles to produce. She still would have been a dancer - quite possibly an even better one. Definitely a happier one and not carrying around any shame or stigma from growing up &quot;not good enough&quot;.Myself I was missed, as they just didnt know that much about it yet and was only diagnosed in my 40&#39;s. It saved my life.

The kid and the God picture makes me piss .Brilliant.

Sir Ken Robinson, a profoundly insightful individual,About the video title: &#39;Do schools kill creativity?&#39;In his perspective, the answer is &#39;yes&#39; with the case of ADHD.This reminds me of the famous saying: &#39;When one door closes, another will open.&#39;Additionally, his ideas regarding subjects, academic abilities, and intelligenceare truly impressive.

Why did Ted censor Michaela Peterson?  Cuz meat helped her?  She&#39;s a carnivore now, better than ever?  Does her diet contradict TED&#39;s woke ideology?

came from brute logic&#39;s recommendation

This TED talk has aged profoundly well. I really wish our schools would catch up 

Whoever got to see this in person, witnessed one of the greatest speeches of all time.

I’ll answer this in less than 20 minutes; yes.

In the first 5 minutes there&#39;s a couple of good things that he says and a lot of okay or very bad jokes that the crowd is going crazy over

Brilliant
How very anti system and anti pharma. They wouldn’t allow this today 2023…

<a href="">15:00</a> Jeff Bezos?
AKD*
this talk was very good

I love this!!! And so true. Creativity is JUST as important as Science and Math bc Art can be both healing and liberating

had to watch for a class.  great video and you are absolutely correct!

I was born the year that this talk was held. Nothing has changed. Other than technology coming to classrooms. A lot of my friends have mental healt problems due to anxiety and stress from school. This talk is still briliant and unfortunately still timly topic.

I see Jeff Bezos laughing.. Still he is, 16 years ago. just wow

<a href="">11:21</a> what about the vedic education system of india

Did I just see Jeff Bezoz in the audience

felt like a stand up comedy

Hii every body ,NITC 27 CS04 Thanks for watching

Anyone noticed jeff bezos in the audience... <a href="">15:00</a>

Yep. Schools kill creativity (even art/design schools) and the job market isn&#39;t designed for anyone with an art school BFA.So if you didn&#39;t study in healthcare or in a trade, be prepared to be living with your parents until your 30 and taking out another student loan for a different education to re-train all over again.

I was born in then 

did anyone see jeff bezos????

prepared to be wrong 

Rest in peace  Ken Robinson. You made a great change to education

best TED Talk ever!
I absolutely LOVE this presentation!!! I pray we all awaken in time to wholistically educate our children!

I took my kids out of the public educational system last week. Now we are starting homeschooling. This video made me confirm that it was the right decision.

Great talk
Yes, &quot; we can&#39;t afford to go on this way and the world has changed&quot;. There is a high level of trauma in the world which to release takes being connected to how our body feels, and working with fear by getting out of our head and releasing it. And we are in tbe age of entrepreneurship and the digital economy. And we have seen/are seeing an erosion of story through what has been a widely consumed form: holloywood films. Story/the heros journey which is prevalent in every culture according to Joseph Camble. Even writing in school has been in threat and sports. We NEED the arts and creativity. These tell us about who we are and to share who we are. And we need connection to the environment because it&#39;s in threat.

I wasn’t sent here by the YouTube Algorithm to watch this Ted Talk Video about the deficits of our Public Educational System and other Educational Institutions. Searching the missing value and deficit of why I was feeling a little curious, superstitious and the need for exposing the truth. I am more of a truth seeker than a mindless sheeple and the sheepdog people in my generation are. I am not subjugated to indoctrination and propaganda. I am not going to HAVE it. Thank goodness, I found your video so I can send it to my mother, brother, friends and my teachers. It has been 16 years and we are still in a negative feedback loop. Our political leaders, governors and world leaders still are taking inaction against the current crisis we are living under.

16 years later, this is even more obvious today. We have top quality education for free on the internet, but you have no credibility if you don&#39;t have the paper from a university. We all saw it during covid, even if you cheat, let someone else do the work, use chegg or chatgpt nobody cares, they just want to see the paper it doesn&#39;t matter how you get it.I think self-education should be encouraged and recognized more, also there should be more online education opportunities. It feels like they are trying so hard not to utilize the technology in education. Physical limitations are no longer a legit excuse, people shouldn&#39;t be forced to attend terrible professors&#39; classes just to let them keep their job of reading from the slides in college. I thought after covid things would change, but it is probably too hard to change a trillion dollar industry. Maybe one day, the society will admit that the emperor has no clothes.

One of the amazingg ted talks i have ever watched.

I believe we are all born with the potential for resiliency no matter how difficult it was for us right from the start. REsiliency which only needs to be encouraged instead of coerced and forced into an expected for each stage in life mold as if we are only lumps of clay. The example given in this video about how someone discovered their passion supports that belief of mine. When resiliency is encouraged talent in a child naturally begins to emerge.

Great.

Why not offer a solution?

it&#39;s meant to put you through a phantom grater and make sure you follow the rules.

Education??? No it&#39;s endoctrination... drives all creativity out to produce the dumb slave mentality &quot;yes men/women&quot; that seem to be everywhere today

Is that jeff bezos at 14.58?

Jeff Bezos @<a href="">15:00</a>
2023 TED talk enjoyers here?

Here are the knowledge objects extracted from the content:### Title: Creativity as important as literacy in education- Fact: Education meant to prepare children for the future, but the future is unpredictable.- Situation: Education systems worldwide undervalue creativity and the arts.  - Cause: Education systems designed for the industrial era to meet needs of the job market.- Approach: Treat creativity as equally important as literacy in education. Nurture arts, dance, drama, music daily as core subjects, not extras. ### Title: Mistakes and risk-taking foster creativity- Fact: Children naturally take chances and try new things.- Situation: Adults become frightened of being wrong and making mistakes.- Cause: School systems stigmatize and penalize errors rather than rewarding imagination.- Approach: Encourage experimentation. Let children explore ideas without fear of being wrong.### Title: Rethink narrow conceptions of intelligence- Fact: Intelligence is diverse, dynamic, and distinct in each person.- Situation: Academic ability prized above all other talents.- Cause: Education systems designed to produce academics and reward book smarts.- Approach: Value all expressions of intelligence - kinesthetic, musical, spatial, interpersonal etc. Identify and nurture each child&#39;s distinct abilities.### Title: Nurture the whole child- Fact: Standard education focuses heavily on the brain, less on the body.- Situation: Children taught to sit still and control physical expression. - Cause: Belief that mind and body are separate, and mental work is superior.- Approach: Educate the whole child - heart, mind, body and spirit. Let children move, dance, play. Physical expression and creativity go hand in hand.

Yes

To this day I get anxiety when summer ends only because the little boy in me is terrified of having to go back to school. Schools did everything to make pupils the same and discourage any form of creativity

Absolutely brilliant!

<a href="">9:27</a>

So true how the educate system prefers to teach children from the waist up &amp; slightly to one side (the left side).

Thought provoking

Amazing! Thank you.
At <a href="">14:58</a> you can see Jeff Bezos in the shot of the crowd.

I come back to this talk every now and then to remind me how to present. Its just incredible.

lmao i am 12th dropout
great, if you don't change the change will change
WE are creating a Moon City Mission Schools for 2025.We are creating. a Real time practical based project learning school for invention and innovation We are looking for people with like minded goals to join. our mission

The main pieces of advice given in the video are as follows:    Value Creativity Equally: The speaker suggests that creativity should be given the same importance as literacy in education systems. He believes that creativity is a fundamental skill required to navigate an uncertain and rapidly changing future.    Embrace Mistakes: The speaker encourages embracing mistakes and taking chances. He emphasizes that being afraid of making mistakes stifles creativity, and that original ideas often come from the willingness to try new things, even if they might be wrong at first.    Rethink Intelligence: The speaker challenges the traditional concept of intelligence that places academic subjects at the top of the hierarchy. He advocates for recognizing diverse forms of intelligence, such as artistic, kinesthetic, and creative abilities, which are often overlooked in traditional education.    Foster Interdisciplinary Thinking: The speaker highlights the importance of interdisciplinary thinking, where different ways of seeing and understanding the world intersect. He suggests that creative breakthroughs often come from the interaction of various disciplines.    Nurture Children&#39;s Talents: The speaker believes that all children possess unique talents and capacities for innovation. He suggests that educational systems should nurture these talents rather than suppress them.    Encourage Movement and Expression: The speaker notes that children often express themselves through movement and action. He argues that arts, like dance and music, should be given equal importance in education as traditional subjects, as they engage different aspects of human intelligence.    Prepare for an Unpredictable Future: The speaker emphasizes that the future is uncertain, and current education systems must prepare students for jobs and challenges that are yet to emerge. Focusing solely on traditional subjects might not adequately equip students for what lies ahead.    Celebrate Human Imagination: The speaker underscores the importance of human imagination in solving future problems. He believes that fostering creativity and imagination will contribute to a brighter and more innovative future.

John D Rockefeller made the school system for workers.

2023 and this cannot be truer.

We need creativity not machine!

bright!!
<a href="">8:36</a>

This is very nice

This is the most special talk ever captured on film.

<a href="">6:19</a>

I&#39;m an educator and on the way to reach higher levels. Everything start from THIS video.

I think hes got some points in place but hes remarkably and even dangerously wrong along with that. This video while convincing has dated very quickly.

I concur. Brilliant. I have worked in education and said to many colleagues that we are killing the creativity out of a diverse set of learners with a rigid curriculum that is meant to fit one size all.

Yes

Was it Bill Gates in <a href="">19:24</a> ?

you made me cry...
What a great speech.

WOW !

I saw a Jeff bezos at <a href="">15:00</a> 
Good!

Anyone watching in 2023 ‍
Intelligence, irony, comedy and depth united in this conference. Extraordinary. Thank you

&quot;If a man speaks his mind in a forest but no woman hears him, is he still wrong?&quot;

To this day, the ultimate talk on education, period.

Arguably the mosty important TED talk ever.  Its relevance increases every year.  I laugh and I cry every time I watch it.

There is an important sentence in an old, I think classic Ted talk that I think is mentioned between the lines. &quot;We must rethink&quot; Whether you like it or not is up to everyone, I'm stuck on this part.
Super, Excellent position on traditional education

I can see Jeff Bezos in the crowd. Doing that his laugh!

I just searched his name to know him and his works more only to find out he is not alive anymore..really devastated me

Who is still watching this in 2023?

Amazingly!
Jeff Bezos was in the audience.

<a href="">14:56</a>. Is that Jeff Bezos in the audience?

This man is a genius! So funny too! Michael McIntyre has nothing on him!

He was amazing! I&#39;ve often thought to myself that I would not want to live in a world without dancers, artists, paintings &amp; creativity but I&#39;ve never once cared if I lived in a world without professors. The root problem is our struggle with money &amp; trying  to position our kids for a future (we can&#39;t see or understand) in which they wont have to struggle as we do. Instead if we had enough money (or if our purchasing power wasn&#39;t diminished via inflation over time) then we would not feel a need to press our kids into a certain mold. We think we are doing it for their own good, but what if we had all our needs met &amp; would have them met for our lifetimes without &quot;working&quot; what creativity would be unleashed then world be awesome! That world is coming, I wont be here to see it but my kid &amp; grandchildren will and hopefully with the gift of bitcoin that I&#39;ll pass to them they can finally break this terrible cycle &amp; mold people are forced into which breeds despair, depression, drug dependancies and misery. Viva la Bitcoin to fix our broken world at long last!!!

What this talk really drives home is how BMW is the main leader in innovation and creativity. Thank you BMW for the gift of creativity

Best TED Talk of all time hands down. Keep returning to rewatch it and the education system is even more obsolete with LLMs.

is it jeff bezos here <a href="">14:57</a> 
2023, I watch this old nice documentary

<a href="">15:00</a> Jeff Bezos in the crowd

I had the 70/80s version of ADHD, diagnosed as Ants In Pants.

Brilliant on so many levels...

Wonderful I loved it!  I’ve always felt like I’m more creative than intellectual and it can be hard to find an outlet and a stable career with those talents.

Jillian Lynn : her works were so original, and challenging, that dancers had to develop the technique, particularly for Cats.

He passed away in 2020. Great thinker.

This TED talk never gets old … R.I.P Sir Ken Robinson

Is a laughing track going there in background or what? Why are they smiling for those silly jokes.. I am annoyed of it

The intellectual heritage of such fantastic critical thinkers like Sir Robinson is now being destroyed in a much worse way inside schools. Such a disgrace.

Education is not limited to school education, but is closely related to the entire social environment and culture. The influence of society and culture on education is far-reaching. They shape the goals, values ​​and practices of education.


The social environment can include aspects such as family, community, government, economy, and social values. The family is a child's earliest educational environment, and parents and family members have an important influence on children's educational attitudes and values. Community and government education policies and resource allocations can also have a profound impact on education. Economic factors, such as the job market and career opportunities, also influence students' attitudes and goals toward education.


Cultural factors involve society’s values, belief systems, traditional customs, etc. Under different cultural backgrounds, there may be differences in the emphasis on education, educational methods, and educational goals. Therefore, educational reform and development need to consider the influence of social and cultural factors to establish an education system that adapts to social needs and values.


Therefore, solving education problems requires comprehensive consideration of multiple factors such as school education, family education, social environment and culture. Establishing a good educational ecosystem requires the joint efforts and collaboration of all parties to create a social environment that supports students' comprehensive development and lifelong learning. Education is not limited to school education alone; it is closely intertwined with the entire social environment and culture. Society and culture have a profound influence on education, shaping its goals, values, and practices.


The social environment encompasses aspects such as family, community, government, economy, and social values. The family is the earliest educational environment for children, and parents and family members have a significant influence on their educational attitudes and values. The community and government&#39;s education policies and resource allocation also have far-reaching effects on education. Economic factors, such as the job market and career opportunities, also influence students&#39; attitudes and goals towards education.



Cultural factors involve societal values, belief systems, and traditional customs. In different cultural backgrounds, there may be differences in the emphasis placed on education, educational approaches, and educational goals. Therefore, educational reforms and developments need to consider the influence of social and cultural factors to establish an education system that aligns with societal needs and values.



Thus, addressing educational issues requires a comprehensive consideration of factors such as school education, family education, the social environment, and culture. Establishing a favorable educational ecosystem requires the collective efforts and collaboration of all parties involved, to create a social environment that supports students& #39; holistic development and lifelong learning. Issues in education are often closely related to many aspects of social systems. Factors such as socioeconomic status, resource allocation, social values, and cultural traditions all have an impact on education.


Reforming social systems can include improving the distribution of educational resources and providing equal opportunities and resources to everyone regardless of their background and economic status. In addition, reforming social systems can also involve improving educational policies and practices, ensuring that educational goals are consistent with social needs, and providing a diverse range of educational models and pathways.


In addition, reforming the social system can also include providing a comprehensive social support system that focuses on the health, welfare and social support of children and families to promote their all-round development. This could involve improvements in health care, social services, family support and mental health.


Reforming the social system is a comprehensive task that requires the joint efforts of governments, educational institutions, social organizations and individuals. By comprehensively considering educational, economic, social and cultural factors, we can create a social environment that is more just, inclusive and supportive of all-round development. Before addressing education reform, I believe it is necessary to first consider reforming the social system, as educational issues are often closely intertwined with various aspects of the social system. Factors such as socio-economic conditions, resource allocation, social values, and cultural traditions can all impact education.


Reforming the social system can involve improving the distribution of educational resources, providing equal opportunities and resources to everyone, regardless of their background and economic status. Furthermore, reforming the social system can also involve improving education policies and practices, ensuring that educational goals align with societal needs and providing diverse educational models and pathways.



Additionally, reforming the social system can also include providing comprehensive social support systems that focus on the well-being, welfare, and social support for children and families, promoting their holistic development. This may involve improvements in healthcare, social services, family support, and mental health, among other aspects.



Reforming the social system is a comprehensive task that requires collective efforts from the government, educational institutions, social organizations, and individuals. By considering and integrating factors from education, economy, society, and culture, we can create a more just, inclusive, and supportive social environment that fosters holistic development.



We need to put in action and effort, and effort is the key to change and improvement. Only through continuous efforts, positive actions and continuous struggle can we see real progress and hope. Everyone can make a positive change within their own power, both on a personal and social level.


Effort is not only to change the status quo, but also a process of self-growth and development. Through hard work, we can overcome difficulties, enrich our knowledge and skills, and improve our own quality and abilities. At the same time, hard work is also an expression of commitment to values ​​and beliefs, demonstrating personal responsibility and dedication.


Everyone can make an effort in their own way, whether through education, community involvement, advocating for change, living the values ​​of justice and equality, or by connecting and collaborating with others to drive positive change. The important thing is to pursue your goals relentlessly and work persistently for the benefit of yourself and society.


Although change and improvement require time and collective efforts, every individual's efforts are an important force in promoting social progress. As long as we believe in our abilities and worth, and continue to strive for a better future, we can work toward our hopes and create a positive impact on ourselves and others. We need to take action and make efforts; effort is the key to bringing about change and improvement. Only through continuous effort, proactive actions, and persistent striving can we witness real progress and hope. Each person can make positive changes within their own sphere of influence, whether at an individual level or a societal level.


Effort is not only about changing the status quo; it is also a process of self-growth and development. Through effort, we can overcome challenges, enrich our knowledge and skills, and enhance our qualities and abilities. At the same time, effort is a commitment to values and beliefs, demonstrating a sense of responsibility and dedication.



Everyone can make efforts in their own way, whether through education, engaging in community activities, advocating for change, practicing values of justice and equality, or by building connections and collaborating with others to drive positive change. What matters is persevering in the pursuit of goals and persistently striving for the benefit of oneself and society.



While transformation and improvement take time and collective effort, the efforts of each individual are crucial in driving social progress. As long as we believe in our abilities and worth, and continuously strive for a better future, we can work towards realizing hope and create a positive impact for ourselves and others.

Human beings have their own flaws and limitations. This may include issues with cognitive biases, emotional biases, moral inconsistencies, egocentrism, and more. These flaws can affect our decisions, behaviors, and interactions, leading to issues such as inequity, bias, and conflict.


Correcting human flaws requires extensive education, training, and awareness-raising. One of the goals of education is to help people realize their limitations and learn to overcome and correct them. Developing the ability to think critically, be open-minded, and understand others can help us transcend egocentrism and bias and better collaborate and live with others.


In addition, personal self-reflection and growth are also important aspects of correcting human flaws. By examining our own attitudes, behaviors, and beliefs, we can identify and change problems and move toward more maturity, tolerance, and ethics.


What needs to be realized is that human flaws are part of human nature and cannot be completely eliminated. However, through education, training and continuous efforts, we can gradually improve our level of consciousness and moral quality, participate in society in a more positive and constructive way, and strive to reduce the existence of prejudice, discrimination and unfairness.


To sum up, correcting human shortcomings is a long-term process that requires joint efforts from multiple levels such as education, self-reflection, and social change. Through collective awareness-raising and efforts, we can gradually improve ourselves and society and promote more just, equal and harmonious interpersonal relationships. Human beings inherently possess various flaws and limitations. These may include cognitive biases, emotional prejudices, moral contradictions, and self-centeredness, among other issues. These flaws can influence our decision-making, behavior, and interactions, leading to unfairness, biases, and conflicts.


Correcting human flaws requires widespread education, cultivation, and increased awareness. One of the goals of education is to help individuals recognize their own limitations and learn to overcome and rectify these flaws. Cultivating critical thinking, an open mindset, and the ability to understand others can help us transcend self-centeredness and biases, enabling better collaboration and coexistence with others.



Additionally, personal self-reflection and growth are also crucial aspects of correcting human flaws. By examining our attitudes, behaviors, and beliefs, we can identify and address existing problems, and progress towards greater maturity, inclusiveness, and morality.



It is important to recognize that human flaws are a part of human nature and cannot be completely eradicated. However, through education, cultivation, and ongoing efforts, we can gradually elevate our level of consciousness and moral character, engaging in society in more positive and constructive ways while striving to reduce prejudice, discrimination, and unfairness.



In conclusion, correcting human flaws is an ongoing process that requires collective efforts from various levels, including education, self-reflection, and social change. Through shared awareness and concerted efforts, we can progressively improve ourselves and society, fostering more just, equal, and harmonious interpersonal relationships.

Human nature and the characteristics of pursuing excellence and pursuing short-term goals and interests. Indeed, human beings are often affected by internal driving forces and external environments in the process of development and progress, including the pursuit of achievement, power, wealth, etc. These motivations can stimulate people's sense of effort and competition and promote the development of society.


However, excessive pursuit of short-term gains and quick success may limit the development of creative thinking and innovation capabilities. Creative thinking requires time, patience and a process of exploration. It not only focuses on immediate results, but also focuses on in-depth thinking about problems, diverse perspectives and long-term accumulation. If people only pursue short-term gains and immediate gratification, they may overlook the patience and persistence required for creative thinking.


In educational and social settings, it is important to balance short-term goals with long-term development. Educators and society should encourage students and individuals to develop good values ​​and qualities such as hard work, perseverance, patience, persistence, etc. These qualities are very important for creative thinking and long-term development. At the same time, the education system should also provide diverse learning opportunities and exploration space, encourage students to think and question, and cultivate their creative thinking and problem-solving abilities.


In addition, education and society can also guide individuals' attitudes towards performance and evaluation through the shaping of values ​​and cognitive cultivation. Grades and evaluations can serve as a reference and guidance, but they should not be the only measurement criteria. People should pay more attention to efforts and progress in the overall development of individuals, personal growth and learning.


Overall, the development of creative thinking requires balancing individual long-term goals with the needs of society, while valuing effort, patience, and persistence. The educational and social environment should provide support and opportunities to encourage individuals to develop their creative potential and establish correct values ​​so that creative thinking can be better developed and applied. Human nature and the pursuit of excellence, as well as the pursuit of short-term goals and interests, do influence human development and progress. This includes the pursuit of achievements, power, wealth, and other motivations. These motivations can inspire effort and competitiveness , driving societal development.


However, excessive focus on short-term benefits and quick success may limit the development of creative thinking and innovation. Creative thinking requires time, patience, and an exploratory process. It goes beyond immediate outcomes and emphasizes deep problem-solving, diverse perspectives, and long-term accumulation. If people solely pursue short-term benefits and instant gratification, they may overlook the patience and perseverance required for creative thinking.



In education and the societal environment, striking a balance between short-term goals and long-term development is crucial. Educators and society should encourage students and individuals to cultivate values and qualities such as effort, resilience, patience, and persistence, which are vital for creative thinking and long-term growth. Additionally, the education system should provide diverse learning opportunities and spaces for exploration, encouraging students to think critically and question, and nurturing their creative thinking and problem-solving abilities.



Furthermore, education and society can shape values and cultivate cognitive skills to guide individuals&#39; attitudes towards achievements and evaluations. Grades and evaluations can serve as references and guidance but should not be the sole measurement criteria. More emphasis should be placed on holistic personal development, individual growth, and the effort and progress made during the learning process.



In conclusion, the development of creative thinking requires a balance between individuals&#39; long-term goals and societal needs, while emphasizing effort, patience, and perseverance. Education and the societal environment should provide support and opportunities, encouraging individuals to unleash their creative potential and establishing the right values, enabling the better development and application of creative thinking.

The traditional education system usually focuses on standardized teaching and assessment, emphasizing the transfer and memory of knowledge, while paying relatively little attention to cultivating creative thinking and imagination. This can result in children being constrained in their learning process, required to pursue correct answers and prescribed standards, without opportunities for exploration, innovation and personality development.


However, modern education trends increasingly focus on cultivating creativity and innovation abilities. Educators are beginning to realize the importance of creativity and how to provide support and opportunities in education to stimulate children's creativity. Educators can use heuristic teaching methods, open questions, inquiry-based learning and other methods to encourage students to think, ask questions and explore, and cultivate their creative thinking and problem-solving abilities.


Regarding the development of the education system, it has indeed been affected by long-term historical and social influences. People tend to emphasize merit and hierarchy in their pursuit of excellence and excellence. However, modern education also pays more and more attention to cultivating well-rounded individuals, paying attention to their creativity, critical thinking, cooperation ability and autonomy. The goal of education is not just to pursue grades, but to cultivate students' multiple intelligences, adaptability, and innovative abilities so that they can cope with challenges in the complex real world.


Therefore, modern education is developing in a more comprehensive and diversified direction, aiming to balance knowledge transfer and creativity cultivation, and respect individual differences and development needs. This requires educators and the education system to work together to provide support and opportunities so that each child can develop his or her unique creativity and potential. Traditional education systems often prioritize standardized teaching and assessment, emphasizing knowledge transmission and memorization, while placing less emphasis on cultivating creative thinking and imagination. This can result in children feeling constrained in their learning, as they are expected to pursue correct answers and adhere to prescribed standards, while lacking opportunities for exploration, innovation, and personal development.


However, modern educational trends are gradually shifting towards valuing creativity and innovation. Educators are becoming increasingly aware of the importance of creativity and how to provide support and opportunities to foster children&#39;s creativity in education. Educators can adopt heuristic teaching methods, open-ended questions, inquiry-based learning, and other approaches to encourage students to think, question, and explore, thus cultivating their creative thinking and problem-solving abilities.



The development of educational systems is indeed influenced by historical and societal factors that have long emphasized achievements and the grading system in the pursuit of excellence. However, modern education is also placing more emphasis on nurturing well-rounded individuals, focusing on their creativity, critical thinking, collaborative skills, and autonomy. The goal of education is not only to pursue grades but to cultivate students&#39; multiple intelligences, adaptability, and innovation capabilities, enabling them to navigate challenges in a complex real-world context.



Therefore, modern education is evolving towards a more comprehensive and diverse direction, aiming to balance knowledge transmission and the cultivation of creativity while respecting individual differences and developmental needs. This requires joint efforts from educators and the education system to provide support and opportunities, allowing each child to unleash their unique creativity and potential.

A key question is how to deal with the role of errors and rules in education. Indeed, mistakes and rules play an important role in education, but how to balance tolerating mistakes and maintaining the constraints of the rules is a challenge.


Allowing children to make mistakes is beneficial because mistakes are opportunities to learn and grow. By making mistakes, children learn from them, develop problem-solving skills, and develop creative thinking and flexibility. Tolerating mistakes can encourage children to actively try and explore without fear of failure, and stimulate their innovative potential.


However, rules and correctness are also necessary, providing structure and discipline to ensure order and safety. Rules help children clarify boundaries for behavior, provide a stable environment, and teach them respect for others and responsible attitudes. The measurement of accuracy is also an assessment of learning progress and can help children understand their own progress and development direction.


The key is to find balance in education. Children need to be able to tolerate mistakes in a safe environment and receive support and guidance, rather than excessive blame and criticism. At the same time, they also need clear rules and expectations to foster discipline and responsibility. This requires educators to use appropriate educational methods and strategies in the education process to help children understand the importance of mistakes and the purpose of rules, and actively guide them to grow and develop within the framework of mistakes and rules.


Ultimately, the goal of education is to develop well-rounded individuals, focusing on their autonomy and creativity while teaching them to follow rules and respect others. This requires a comprehensive consideration of the balance between error tolerance and rule restraint, and flexible application according to the individual differences and development needs of the child. A key question is how to handle mistakes and the role of rules in education. Indeed, mistakes and rules play important roles in education, but striking a balance between tolerating mistakes and maintaining the constraints of rules is a challenge.


Tolerating children&#39;s mistakes is beneficial because mistakes provide learning and growth opportunities. Through making mistakes, children can learn lessons, develop problem-solving abilities, and cultivate creative thinking and flexibility. Tolerating mistakes encourages children to actively try and explore, fearlessly embracing failure, and stimulates their innovative potential.



However, rules and correctness are also necessary. They provide structure and discipline to ensure order and safety. Rules can help children understand the boundaries of behavior, provide a stable environment, and teach them respect for others and a sense of responsibility. Assessing correctness also serves as an evaluation of the learning process, helping children understand their progress and developmental directions.



The key is finding a balance in education. Children need an environment where they can tolerate mistakes in a safe space, receiving support and guidance instead of excessive blame and criticism. At the same time, they also need clear rules and expectations to cultivate discipline and a sense of responsibility. This requires educators to employ appropriate educational methods and strategies to help children understand the importance of mistakes and the purpose of rules, actively guiding their growth and development within the framework of mistakes and rules.



Ultimately, the goal of education is to nurture well-rounded individuals who possess autonomy, creativity, and the ability to adhere to rules and respect others. This requires a comprehensive consideration of the balance between tolerating mistakes and adhering to rules, and the flexible application of these principles based on individual differences and developmental needs of children.

“I never let school get in the way of my education” -Mark Twain&quot;If you&#39;re not prepared to be wrong, you&#39;ll never come up with anything original&quot;&quot;The whole purpose of public education, throughout the world, is to produce university professors...The universities designed the system in their own image [and the system itself] is a protracted process of university entrance. &quot;&quot;Kids with degrees are often carrying on home playing video games because now to get a job you need an M.A and a P.h.d for the next one&quot; here is a someone&#39;s comment that i dont want to lose: 1. I agree that schools have become a kid storage facility for children while the adults are at work, teaching them one-size-fits-all random things just for the sake of teaching, and have them remember the information long enough to pass a test. Most Parents of course think this is good, but is it effective?



2. School also serve a more valuable purpose; socializing. This can go both ways if stopping bullying is not a primary initiative, but school is a place where kids learn how to socialize and interact with other kids, which is probably the most important knowledge they&#39;ll take away from attending school in the first place.



3. Other than maths, a bit of history and languages, I find that most of what I was taught over the decades I have attend school has been forgotten, because 95% of it has been either uninteresting or inapplicable to daily life. All the skills I utilize in my career have been taught through on-the-job experience. Do we really need 2 decades of school to apply for a job?



4. Why do schools not prepare children for life? Why are there literally no to minimal focus on entrepreneurship/doing your taxes/home economics/cooking/agriculture/world politics/problems?

Only saw tonight Ken Robinson passed away August 2020. Very sad to hear. What an entertaining and knowledgeable speaker. RIP.

WOW - TRUTH!!!! So so so well said. Wow. I’m 27 and after a spiritual awakening I feel like I’m spending all my time UNLEARNING everything the public schools and “system” taught me. Killed my creativity, humanity, and feminine power.

Who from 2023

16 years ago I didn&#39;t know YouTube existed 

Want too start a war in Europe? Just walk in there and say in le oppropriate language that all white people are primative.

Yaw wrong, and he is wrong, if all human&#39;s weren&#39;t on this planet, then life wouldn&#39;t flourish, Life would however splitt into 3 Carnivor Omnivor Herbivor with onlee le fit survive 4 a longer period ov time.

Great

Nah nah nah. <a href="">14:57</a> laughing in the crowd, is that Jeff Bezos??

Their goal is not produce creativity in anyone their goal is to create something - obedient and unquestioning worker slaves

His comment on ADHD is ignorant and offensive. Perhaps his friend had ADHD and, if treated properly, she could have been a dancer and successful in other subjects. An all round education could have helped her if she had been unable to have a career in dance, perhaps due to physical problems or lack of ability.In addition, unfortunately we do need to provide saleable value to others in order to make a living. If we all left school dancing or singing or painting or playing football then I would have trouble getting a plumber. His vision might work in some utopian future where machines do all the work and we get given a basic income to &quot;be ourselves&quot; but for the foreseeable future we need a job, and that means getting an education, which means concentrating in class, which means treatment for the people who can&#39;t sit still.Of course Sir Ken didn&#39;t give the example of his other friend who left school only being good at dancing but failed the auditions for ballet school and ended up working in a supermarket because she had put all her eggs in one basket, because he was performing a feel good stand-up routine and not anything that should be taken seriously.

16 years has pased and he was right and still relatable

16yrs and still debates go on around the world and the problems he talked about still exist in indian education right now where i live

Best Ted talk AND stand up comedy in 1.

It&#39;s really funny how this talk is widely liked when he says so much straight up bullshit. There are no multiple intelligence, there is no real multitasking, not everyone is talented, many people are just more talented at everything than others, teachers aren&#39;t some kind of anti-learning machines. If you dance, you get better at dancing. If you do math, you get better at math. You don&#39;t get better at logic or math if you do art or music. There are some grains of truth but they are really well hidden under a pile of well presented bollocks.

Funnily enough, educate, is from the latin ex ducere, which translates to, [to] take/lead out of.

&quot;Our only hope of <b>future</b> is to adopt a new conception of human ecology, one in which we start to reconstitute our conception of the <b>richness</b> of human capacity.&quot;- Sir Ken Robinson

16 years later... We&#39;re still on tha same page regarding education

240p?

Nice  <a href="">0:30</a>
I have been watching TEDs for a very long time, lots of them. This is the single best talk ever!

U

Barbarian
This is SOOOOOOOOOO AMAZING!!!!!Thank YOU!!!! SO MUCH for spreading THIS IDEA!!! It&#39;s a TREASURE! 
Well...he almost got it, but people are being brought through higher education not to become professors, but CONSUMERS.

This man was amazing ... He was so good , words cant really describe  his ability. Too lose such a man of his standing questions my faith in god,

He resembles actor Michael Cain
<a href="">14:58</a> Jeff Bezos in the crowd laughing

I see Jeff bezos in the crowd Wow that&#39;s so crazy

This is a great video. Every parent and teacher should watch this. As a parent, I let my child be creative and use her imagination. They won&#39;t be little forever, let them enjoy the wonders of life before the real world ruins everything for them. Just look up the history of education and that will explain everything. It was created because of Rockefeller&#39;s thought process of &quot;I don&#39;t want a nation of thinkers, I want a nation of workers.&quot;

Selfish teacher especially literature woman teacher

What the hell is so funny?
Kinda like Paulo Coelho’s story when his parents actually sent him to a mental institution 

Read books like this

Is that Jeff Bezos laughing at <a href="">15:00</a>

I think I just saw Jeff Bezos in the audience at <a href="">15:02</a>.

I 100% agree with everything stated since my school killed literally all of my creativity just to follow orders.

Awesome! Funny and informative! Unfortunately, this has fallen on deaf ears in US education in 2023! I have watched my art program reduced from 4 art teachers to 2, budgets cut in half, and nonstop attacks my art program because it isn&#39;t core enough. Here in Michigan, I get evaluated on how my school does in math! :(

Absolutely phenomenal - his message, and his delivery!

Great human! Love you. What a classic orator! Full of magical humur , that keeps you alive during apt listen.

Dr Robinson seems to be forgetting what has always been the point of what is called formal education. To create citizens who would not destabilise the state. Fostering creativity is deeply destabilising to the state and hence will never be done via the formal channels. What is called an education is really credentialing

I used to LOVE drawing as a kid. But the school system shamed and punished me for it so much. I got in trouble to drawing during art. ART. It’s ridiculous

Like 16 years ago 

16 years later, still my favorite TED talk. RIP sir Ken

I just saw jeff bezoz in the crowd HAHA

I come back to this every couple of years as it is simply the perfect speech.

i am here by Google ux certification

I&#39;m impressed that YouTube already existed in 2007...

I&#39;ve enjoyed this Ted Talk for a couple of years now, and it&#39;s sad to see there are no imminent changes in our education systems.Rest in Peace, Sir Ken

Why does this not have 8 billion likes.

literally me fr fr

This is life

I have been swimming in a sea of assignments. Do I want it? Do I need it?I have been hiding in my room.I have been waking upEvery morning is the same thing.I go to school at the buttcrack of dawn in a cold morningI’d rather sleep or be sickI would lay around for the next 20 minutes looking around sittingMy homework is also stupid. It decides my future and I don’t. Everything I do, every word I say, every single movement makes up my future. I don’t do my homework, so it is a high possibility I can lie in a grave in the future. I’m not gonna be homeless, I’m not gonna be in debt, I’m not gonna be fat, I’m gonna be dead in a peaceful grave at least not having to worry about my exams, my studies, or my test

The pp is the only pp survive with the all the pp but who need education and who is not. I think the pp need too think about what they heard !!!

Im listening from you started you confrence

Wow, wise words I really can relate with. Too bad nothing much had changed in 16 years, I&#39;m so happy some parents do see it and help their children in a way that&#39;s creating chances to develop their talents with love and joy.

thx chat gpt

Sir Ken: The system needs to change.The system supplying classes with this talk and making students write about it:

My worst fear is, people might feel this relevant enen after 20 years from now

Academic means having no practical purpose or effect

If we need registration machine it s better use the computer  but if we are making a creative person don&#39;t own his mind  . Very interesting subject ..thank you very much.

And now with CHATGpi this man has all the reason in the world to tell that the education today is obsolete!!!

your abroad.  You are lucky that homeschooling is allowed.  In Germany there are only very delicate steps to get there.  Young people and their parents are usually treated like serious criminals and punished with fines.  But an idea whose time has come cannot be stopped.

got me a bit misty eyed there for a moment

@Balsam for the nerves: &quot;Sir Ken Robinson tells from <a href="">3:46</a> The story of the little girl who drew God and from <a href="">15:36</a> The story of a dancer who couldn't calm down!&quot;
School is something life shouldn’t be ever

very good
25 February 2023 after Watched Independent television Shohag Bhai Interview about his dream sord of PiLabs

25 Feb 2023 after Independent television Shohag Vahi Interview

This man was a genius.  A true educator.  How I miss him!

16 years and nothing changed !!!

Rest in Peace, my dear friend... 

Still nothing has changed

Amazing presentation... Much needed one...

the thing that this video was uploaded 16 years ago and it&#39;s still current is scary 

<a href="">14:57</a> i watched closely, there is jeff bezoz listening too.

Annnnndddd wham... the last 3 years....  almost every critical thinker was...terrorized, ridiculed, shunned, etc....    Ministry of Truth / Disinformation.... Wonder what this gentleman would be thinking now....

Thank you for the validation of creativity in education!!!

I think everyone will remember this ted talk sometime in the future

This talk was both humorous and relevant. Love it.

Whos from the ranepa olympiad?/Who is from Angla from Ranhigs?
its the fact that this was posted 16 years ago, yet the system barely changed.

<a href="">15:02</a>      is that jeff?

Brilliance, humorously delivered. Pure genius.

Jeff bezoz <a href="">14:55</a>
That was such a breathtaking speech! Actually, it has given me a great flash of inspiration in realizing the true purpose of schools. I mean, schools aren&#39;t meant to be a rigid system for producing workers or just to prepare students to go to college. Actually, what&#39;s the point there? If that&#39;s the way, schools would be worthless and shallow. In fact, it seems to me, as Sir Ken Robinson said, education is about exploring a child&#39;s potential and making the most of it. In other words, the point is to help them to flourish from pigeons to eagles so that they can fly their way through life, something that some educational systems need to consider. On the other hand, if one thinks about it, some students are being prepared for today&#39;s world rather than for building and changing the future. That&#39;s why I agree with him when he says that degrees aren&#39;t much important since the true assets that define whether you can be different from others aren&#39;t pieces of paper but your skills and talents, such as wonderful creativity.

really inspiring

I will never stop showing all my students and co-teachers this video. Too bad we are all under the dictatorship of bureaucrats who are epistemologically ignorant beyond comprehension. The folks up there want to downgrade humanity by dumbing down kids by torturing them with unnecessary math homework and little else. Schools are grinding the brains of kids and leaving them dull and zombified. Things have changed and times are strange; I grieve for humanity.

Bloody middleclass people
They should all be taught Meditation and Yoga. When they thrive in this they should be learned Shaolin Kung-Fu.

I watched this talk for many times and every time I&#39;m touched deeply by his wise words. Unfortunately, he is no longer with us. Thank you so much, Ken!

He’s totally right.  Education is wrong from the top down!

not when it comes to cheating and calculating your average grade lol

<a href="">14:56</a> Jeff Bezos???
<a href="">14:04</a> This Ted Talk would have been popular for a different reason if he didn&#39;t say &quot;which is not often&quot;

Moment of silence for Sarah

Ken knew in 2006 that we were screwed and nobody listened to him smh he was WAY ahead of the times with his knowledge May he RIP

This Ted Talk is so influential that I heard it in middle school and high school and college lol

Sixteen years later and this still applies: Sunak has cut funding from the arts industries

Yes it kills creativity! They want to make slaves to the system! That&#39;s what the Elites want! That&#39;s why they force kids to go to school

love form CN

So many jokes its difficult to follow along

A brilliant talk, and oh so true.  As far as most schools are concerned, if you aren&#39;t good atMaths you are a failure, and can&#39;t progress in education.

This speech by Ken Robinson introduced me to the world of Ted talks.

RIP

Loved this , very insightful .

The best TED talk ever.

He was a symbol of wisdom for me. :( Rest in Peace! 

<a href="">14:57</a> is that Jeff Bezos?

I watch this if I&#39;m ever feeling a little low and always feel upbeat about the potential we all may have.

¡¡¡Imperdible!!!  <a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/m8MfY4jbFsWJhL0PyouA2Ak"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/m8MfY4jbFsWJhL0PyouA2Ak"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/m8MfY4jbFsWJhL0PyouA2Ak"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/m8MfY4jbFsWJhL0PyouA2Ak"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/m8MfY4jbFsWJhL0PyouA2Ak"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/m8MfY4jbFsWJhL0PyouA2Ak"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/m8MfY4jbFsWJhL0PyouA2Ak"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/m8MfY4jbFsWJhL0PyouA2Ak"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/m8MfY4jbFsWJhL0PyouA2Ak"></a>
As a teacher, yes they do!!! And if you dare to bring in new ideas that work and actually prove successful with students, they&#39;ll try to kill you along with your creative approach. Wonder how!? They isolate you until you LEAVE

Thanks Sir Robinson, the great inspiration for teachers and others of course.

Beautiful

ridiculous

Wonderful  very niece sir 🇮🇳
Did anyone notice Jeff Bezos at <a href="">15:01</a>
I want a human to reinvent the school system, perhaps destroy it completely and start from scratch.



now we have a lot of technology and knowledge we can put it into use and create the close to perfect system for this time, the school system is too outdated.

we could also now take into account how neurodivergences learn, so that way it makes it easier for anyone to learn, and make it really fun.



as an autistic student going to high school everyday, I think I really need this, this system doesn&#39;t seem to be made for neurodivergent communities and that profoundly bothers me. this is simply a burden to humanity and I think now is a good time as ever to change that.



humans love learning, somehow this current system destroys that common law completely. I think the world can change for the better if we reinvent schools. 



it bothers me so much that I want to try changing it myself, I can&#39;t even use my brain like I used to due to school. 



merely a disgrace to humanity.

It is very true that people give sometimes very little to creativity.

rest in peace sir.

Sense of humur never gets old!!

I support perspective of Elon Musk

Dhruv Rathi

Here after Dhruv Rathee vedio 
&quot;Classes will dull your mindDestroy the potential for any creativity&quot;

I interpreted it as Kadir Hasa slipped
back in a day, ted used to satnd for good stuff, unlike now

Beautifully Beautiful : )Thank You !! : )

<a href="">11:27</a> - <a href="">11:50</a> - his words were spot on. In a world of youtubers, digital creators and meme makers, you actually don&#39;t need a degree in, you need creativity.

Dhruv rathi ke dekh jo aayi uski mkb
Yes it is what we do grade 1 to grade 10 run behind being a topper or a good scorer after thar running behind IITs or running behind doing engineering.....doing engineering without any interest or any knowledge....and participating in the rat race waiting for retirement...waiting for death...school don&#39;t guide to achive success they aur creating washed out minds by showing a good salary job as a success to make you participate in rat race 

Who comes here after dhruv rathee video

who is here after dhruv rathee video

Who&#39;s here after watching Dhruv video

I shall cherish this day that I&#39;m here watching this as a perspective teacher... Shall try and bring change 

Came here after Dhruv Rathee video

Who is here after Dhruv Rathee ??

Who is here after Dhru rathee&#39;s  vlog on Education???  Thoko like.

Who came here after Dhruv Rathe? 

Who came here after watching dhruv rathee&#39;s new video ??? 

I failed my 10th board exams in maths with only score 3 numbers in theory but iam investing in stock matket and i will become billionaire one day and prove my school and all over indian parents who thinks 10ths toppeers and oy pass students can achive everything in world i will difentiely prove them wrong mark my words

Who came after Dhruv rathee&#39;s video.

15years ago and i just found it today <a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/oPgfY_DoKfSXkNAPq8-AgAo"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/oPgfY_DoKfSXkNAPq8-AgAo"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/oPgfY_DoKfSXkNAPq8-AgAo"></a>

I found Jeff Bezos in the audience!!! watch at <a href="">14:57</a>!

That was amazing

I remember watching this years ago as a teenager. It&#39;s amazing how forward-thinking he is! Can you imagine that the issues that he mentioned happening 15 years ago are still relevant till this day.

I think that at some point teachers or professors suppress their own freedom of expression and so fostering an educational environment around that is very hard. People teach from who they are.

this video changes my life! Thank you 

this man is funny

Loved this quote:  &quot;If you&#39;re not prepared to be wrong, you&#39;ll never come up with anything original.&quot;

wow great work, and couldn&#39;t believe this video is 15 yrs old... Good job, appreciate it

Jeff Bezos <a href="">15:02</a>
Is that Jeff Bezos laughing hysterically in the crowd at <a href="">14:57</a>?

I think I saw Jeff Bezos!<a href="">14:59</a>

wow so relatable

Is that Jeff Bezos in the audience at <a href="">15:01</a> ?

Off the subject: At 15 mins theres a guy laughing in the audience that looks just like Jeff Bezos 

This talk is about the British system. Some other countries, Germany for example, have technical streams that don&#39;t necessarily lead to university.  Either way the system is geared to most being ruled by a privileged few.  Charles Dickens  describes utilitarian education very well.  It is geared to capitalism  - producing workers and people ruling over workers.  If we want an education revolution we must first make a social and economic revolution.

Answer: yes, they do. Schools kill creativity. I&#39;m totally agreed with you. Thank you Mr.

J

Such a brilliant talk. The story he told about the dancer and her discovery of her gift was so powerful! What if we didn’t give people the advice to numb that which makes them special, and instead gave them support to grow their talents behind their wildest dreams? What would this world look like? We must move out of the vibration that lowers the value of creativity and into the vibration that truly understands the power of creativity, and the unlimited potential that exists to humanity when we combine creativity with intellect.

Bravo!!!!

it is interesting

Wow.

Si

Is that Jeff Bezos at <a href="">14:57</a> ?

Yes, because the fear of getting graded judgmentally  on everything makes you afraid to do things thst require you to take risks that it isn&#39;t original enough or good enough. Or the feeling of being judged on your output - but to get good you have to be bad first. And being bad at something gets punished or ridiculed ultimately in school. Especially English classes. Humiliation is a big part. Being made to feel like you&#39;ll never be good enough compared to others. Teach to the test or the benchmark or the high stakes standards test or practical career or college prep track. There is no test to measure the potential for creativity and wonder and beauty. Education tends to stifle. It&#39;s all about force teaching problem solving and scientific method, very little feeding the soul.

<a href="">15:00</a> did i just see jeff bezos laughing

<a href="">14:57</a> was that Jeff bezos in the crowd laughig hard ?!

Let us start moving away from preparing children for Educational Hierarchy to become Literate university Professors...

Is that Jeff Bezos at <a href="">14:58</a> ????

I love how he cracks the audience up each time he delivers his speech!!  very powerful speaker. 

I listen to this regularly... a great dose of wisdom and inspiration!

One of the best

Whats left up to the claim in Tasmania school..school

Well I can say I lost my creativity after school

What a presentation. Message delivered with humor and moving stories 

Creativity is being killed by making children scared of making mistakes.

I think this kind of humour is an expression of high intelligence. Genius!

Schools: We are not the one to be blamed on...If it is gold, it will shine eventually.

Is it too late for me or do I see Jeff Bezos laughing at <a href="">14:57</a>?

This video is fucking shit dude
Sometimes I have to question,  why are we really hear. But when you meet a certain lady ; fine whatever call     me Bad company !!!

As sick as it may seem; I looked at how much we could make off of caskets alone ???

That&#39;s not fair, she was a Senaca lady... I met her in a Big Lots, she used to work @ the Casino !!!

How schools suppress creativity.  The theme of this topic is that children grow out of creative ideas, since after school they are unlikely to get a job in the specialty they want to choose, and if they do, it will most likely be unprofitable. And such advice may be well-intentioned, but they are bad. Children who enjoy creative activity are forced to study technical sciences only because it is profitable today. Don&#39;t do music, you won&#39;t be a musician, don&#39;t draw, it&#39;s not profitable, and so on everywhere. This was formed in the middle of the 19th century, when the industrial Revolution took place. Everyone needed engineers, but few needed artists, musicians and artists of this scale. And that&#39;s why the education system around the world is based on the fact that we give priority to mathematics, languages and only a small part of art and music. The second problem is that children are taught not to make mistakes, and this is good, but when a child is afraid to make mistakes, problems arise here. After all, someone who is not ready to make mistakes, is not able to create and think in an original way, he acts according to a template or as he is told. and that&#39;s exactly how we run companies, we don&#39;t forgive mistakes.

I guess I&#39;m one of those rare women. I can&#39;t multitask for the life of me

When was this recorded?

<a href="">2:30</a>

Thank you sir Ken for this life changing video️

Excellent!
This is really good. I&#39;m a high school student and I&#39;ve noticed since grade 9 they push the idea of secondary school like a goal and not an option. This is my favourite TED talk. Unfortunately , things haven&#39;t changed since then

<a href="">15:03</a> Jeff Mf Bezos watching his Ted talk? That’s badass certified.

Blime!!! at <a href="">15:00</a> — am I not mistaken seeing rich guy Jeff Bezos there in the middle of the crowd? Tilting his head backwards to let out his roaring laugh!

First time seeing because I am helping my 19 yo who has to write a paper in community college. Why am I helping? Because basically like he said school is teaching our kids nothing and just dumping a lot of crap down their throats. Organized learning today and the college system is the biggest lie ever told or lived in history.

how this video older than me

<a href="">15:00</a> Jeff bezos?
My whole dissertation stemmed from this ted talk, I am an actor and have just started temporarily working in Education in between jobs, heartbroken to find the education still in the exact same state as he talks about, academic subjects with such a hierarchy and creativity still being shrinked if not killed. I hope I live to see this change

Jeff Bezos at <a href="">15:02</a> ??
As soon as I entered, I got goosebumps. Phuc's voice is so good, I hope you continue to cover it ️
19th century syllabus 20th century teacher and 21th century student

<a href="">5:39</a>

Wow! That&#39;s actually the most inspiring TED talk I&#39;ve watched. This man passed away but he is changinng the world

One of the best ted talks that i have watched. That talk really deserves a standing ovation.

Schools are like manufacturing industries which deliver order taking bots

&quot;Kids with degrees are often carrying on home playing video games because now to get a job you need an M.A and a P.h.d for the next one&quot; - story of my life

Sarah watching 
There&#39;s no way you just said that at <a href="">10:40</a>. I literally in my PhD program complained that my body was just a way of getting my head around from place to place. You are 100% spot on.

Schools kill creativity by steeling children&#39;s ideas before the child has the opportunity to bring there creativity into being someone else already did It. I wonder why that is

bro is trying so hard to be funny like stfu

<a href="">14:57</a> You can see Jeff Bezos

Einstein was in somebody’s physics class, Shakespeare was in somebody’s English class, Marx was in somebody’s class, Bob Dylan was in someone’s music class. Every teacher should know maybe there is a child you taught might be in a small chance be the greatest of the subject you are teaching.

<a href="">14:54</a> Surprisingly jeff bezoz is sitting in the audience.

PS: This is the most viewed Ted Talk ever Thanks for stopping byHave a beautiful time ahead of your day ‍️

I wish I could give this a thousand likes.  It really applies to life and the education system&#39;s effect on our children.

Is that Jeff Bezos at <a href="">14:57</a> when the crowd is laughing?

<a href="">14:58</a> is that Bezos laughing?

Remember one episode of twight zone whatever the perfomer speak, they also laughing, weird

Seeing the children for the hope that they are. ️ That hit home! ️

He is so funny

Its been almost 20 years since this was published and the education system only went through minor changes, but chose to stick to the industrial system, which is so sad to see just think of how many talented individuals were lost to un-education.

One dude there looks like jeff bezos @ <a href="">14:58</a> -  <a href="">15:00</a>

Always a joy to watch Ken&#39;s talks

Really enjoyed this

Brilliant .. having ADHD and being an artist and one of lifes creatives, I can totally relate to this 

The Brittish do have the best humor. I&#39;ve never laughed this often while watching a TED talk.

“Somebody else might’ve put her on medication and told her to calm down” that really hits home for me.

For me it was many years of depressing, STRESSFUL, painfully boring, spirit deadening, hunger filled torture.  I hated school.  I absolutely dreaded school.  I wished to be sick or dead to get out of going to school.  How do you spell BORING a million ways.  I spent my entire education staring out the classroom window, except when in art, music or home economics. When I’m done with this lifetime, my primary interest is to never return to a planet where kids go to school to be tortured for 12 unbelievably long long years.

Yes and yes, but government don’t care. School system purpose is not to educate, but to carry out the governments agenda.

Schools are there to make obedient works omnipotent boss the teacher &amp; bells &amp; rows your seating long hours listening quietly a miracle kids are active &amp; inquisitive but still &amp; stiff.Taught a bunch of topics none include creative topics &amp; tasks but few HS electives &amp; any questioning of ideas or teacher punished. Lose questioning because teacher is all knowing &amp; their questions not valid. Don’t question your boss leave the ideas to power makers.

What a beautiful talk you were a truly wonderful speaker RIP

Ive heard from Joran Peterson thst creativity is something that is rare &amp; teaching produces little change at best. Thoughts?

<a href="">5:45</a><a href="">8:43</a><a href="">11:15</a>

I likedButI don&#39;t know when I will be able respon like the others .It is wonderful that&#39;s why I likeTEDx

simply BRILLIANT !!

Is that Jeff Bezos in the crowd laughing at <a href="">14:58</a>?

Yes, they do. I&#39;ll be here all day if you have any further questions.

(Storms of ignorance uproot the fragrant flowers of consciousness)  The wheels of the rent-collecting train are accelerating for all lockers without the slightest exception The dreams of the gilded class did not come true as their hopes crystallized in the recent past And the exit of the devil&#39;s pimples from the pores of the uninterested had only an effect on the foolish class Which does not bring about any desirable change at all global levels If we stop at the outstanding questions in the general inquiry dictionaries, We will only find one answer Money first, money second, money third Because all the new educational outputs did not teach wisdom and did not seek to educate minds But modern books have only sought to make minds so stupid Today&#39;s college students cannot write a single line of philosophical expression And they can&#39;t speak a highly proficient language Even though they sit on chairs for important jobs And unable to analyze current events properly Most of their advice leads to long-term misfortunes If the flow of money stops for this generation The world will witness waves of sweeping evil Because the stupid mind that wanted this generation to be blind With the aim of dropping him into the trap of naive dependency This terrible future did not count Everyone has reached the point of no return  is over

why is no one talking about the fact that Jeff Bezos is literally at <a href="">15:00</a>

<a href="">4:16</a>

Other than the couple of sexist remarks too many people clapped to, I really liked this talk. I wish my elementary school would’ve at least prioritized the arts as they did P.E. and I wish that every child would’ve had enrichment classes a few times a week the way “gifted” children did. It isn’t fair to judge kids so harshly and limit them so much so early. Everyone deserves a chance to find what best suits them, even if it doesn’t work out as a job when they’re older.

i was busy being born when this was recorded…

just have to add, that you&#39;re wrong on both accounts for &#39;insects disappearing&#39; and &#39;humans disappearing&#39;

Great speech! The children need to express themselves to be what they would love to be in the future for their own good without any obstacles that depress themselves.

In my opinion the education in schools kill creativity because they don´t let you do so much.

<a href="">5:49</a>-<a href="">5:55</a>

<a href="">15:00</a> Is that Jeff Bezos?

Yes.

Was that Jeff Bezos in the audience at 15m?

Is it Jeff Bezos at <a href="">14:58</a> ??

Wow thats right

Human beings are creative and resourceful. Can we continue to bottle up education, limiting it via rules, protocols, and maintaining the status quo? There is entirely too much stuff, and means of grappling with that stuff, to keep the same style of delivery of education that apparently is prevalent all over the world. And then suddenly, I have can no longer do algebra in which I did fairly well in the traditional model. But let me explore to learn without having to learn what someone else expects me to learn (put someone else&#39;s test on a subject I have just viewed) and I&#39;ll struggle. But wow, if I am allowed to explore in my terms, the discoveries are awesome, including the discovery of the creativity and resourcefulness of others.

I totally see his point....unfortunately....this idea that &quot;intellectualism&quot; (I understand it as the ability of dealing with conceptual ideas usually expressed via written and/or oral language) is not important MAY BE EXTREMELY dangerous in modern and future democracies....if we go to the other extreme and decide that this type of education is not important then we would have perhaps a sizable minority (best case scenario) of great musicians and great painters  and a mass of &quot;creative&quot; people without the ability to discern between right or wrong in ethics, politics, etc. and/or without any (or little) scientific/logical/historical tools to understand the world and others around them...

<a href="">15:01</a> is this Jeff Bezos? i noticed him from his laugh

did i see jeff bezos in the audiance?

Absolutely brilliant

That was fantastic.

<a href="">14:57</a>  - <a href="">15:02</a> Young Jeff Bezos in the crowd

<a href="">14:59</a>  looks familiar...
Did anybody else see jeff bezos in the crowd?

This is brilliant….

thanks Sir!

Its been literally 15 years and the education system hasn&#39;t changed even a bit for  the good.

Do schools create killitivity?

06.22.2022 - I watch this video while studying at the university. The video came out before I even started first grade.
I&#39;m currently in university, studying to be a teacher.  I frequently quote and cite this TedTalk with my friends and classmates.  Ironic how the education system that i so frequently criticize is the very same one that will eventually employ me.The problem is that I, as an individual, can&#39;t do anything about it!  The government sets the game, and that&#39;s problematic because, as Ken said in another Talk &quot;the trouble is that education doesn&#39;t go on in the committee rooms of our legislative buildings. It happens in schools and in classrooms. And the people doing it are teachers and students. And if you remove their discretion, it stops working.&quot;

<a href="">14:59</a> jeff bezoz sitting in the audience 

What a great speech with a lot of memorable quotes!I really like this definition though; creativity is &quot;the process of having original ideas that have value&quot;Can believe I was sent here by Trash taste episode 5 &quot;Christoper Broad&quot;

Just one word: THIS BRILLIANT HUMAN BEING IS A GENIUS ;-)

at exactly <a href="">15:00</a> minutes i you can see Jeff Bezos laughing

The man said these 15 years ago.
He should have spoken out of his native accent to make the non native English folks to understand his talk. His word frequency is so high that I can&#39;t understand the words.  A little common sense is also required when you talk to the entire world.  What we talk is conveyed  by how we talk, otherwise the purpose is defeated.

This was a truly remarkable, entertaining, highly amusing, and illuminating talk. Ken Robinson is the type of person you can really appreciate. However, I just wanted to say one not-so-popular point: Psychiatry is not the ultimate enemy to creativity. With the example of Dancer Gillian Lynne, psychiatry may have inhibited her from finding the right environment and flourishing at the Royal Ballet dance school, but with many people psychiatry cultivates the ideal temperament,  sense of well-being, and stability necessary to flourish. You could easily make the (admittedly somewhat ridiculous) argument of requiring everyone to pursue dance school and then the Einsteins and mathematicians who need physics and numbers to flourish are the ones wit the problem. Conclusively, the point is not that &quot;psychiatry is bad&quot;, it&#39;s that everyone bit of intelligence, just as Robinson said, requires diverse, dynamic, and distinct outlets and environments relative to each person&#39;s own uniqueness!

You don&#39;t mock God, the creator of the heaven and earth and your creature, and you call it creativity. That&#39;s called blasphemy. SMH

I consider this a valuable lecture. RIP Sir Ken Robinson. I didn&#39;t know he had passed away. A man with a great mind. I hope my creativity hasn&#39;t dissapeared yet 

Village institutes did not have such an education system. However, they were closed by so-called libertarian Americans.
I was diagnosed with ADHD-PI in adulthood. If you looked in my school books, the margins were filled with doodles. All I ever wanted to do was draw. I was scolded by teachers repeatedly. Once, I was caught by the headmistress doodling, she was looking through the window of the door. She came in, told me to give her the book, looked at it and then held it up for everyone to see and mocked me. I’m not sick, I’m an artist. Unfortunately, the school successfully quashed who I am and my parents successfully convinced me that I’d never be a comic book artist and so I gave up drawing when I was 17. I’m now 32 and have lost the talent; all I have now is lisdexamfetamine to help me focus in the dead-end factory jobs that I flit between.

His book, Imagine If, completed by his daughter, is a great and moving read.

What a inspirational speech!

This is so useful and relevant every teacher and parent should watch this

&quot;They think of their bodies as means of transport for their heads&quot; 

One of the best Ted Talks I&#39;ve watched. RIP

&quot;Academic inflation&quot; is a good way to describe it. One of the main problems is that individual students don&#39;t get the required help they actually need, and many children that have one or more talents never discover what their talents really are.I also strongly agree that intelligence is interactive. That&#39;s how you learn. Later, when you have accumulated enough knowledge and experience, you can use this in combination with your intelligence, but before that you need to learn through an active feedback system.

In America, schools don&#39;t stop at creativity.

Learning is Making mistakes learning as quickly as possible

Wow

Creativity: The process of having original ideas that have value. -Sir Ken Robinson

My favorite Ted talk... I&#39;ve listened to it several times,, shared it even more...

Brilliant talk

Rip Sir Robinson, thank you for your passion and dedication, for changing my perspective on education and myself. I really hope to be able to put everything you spoke about into action. You were a blessing to us all.

Don&#39;t ask questions. Everything you wanted to know about has already been solved by people smarter than you. Just swallow and regurgitate everything that we teach you. This includes Darwin&#39;s theory of evolution, critical race theory, keynesian economics, CO2 mediated anthropogenic climate change, the origin of the universe, and everything else people smarter than you have discovered. Question these and be labeled a science denier, a conspiracy theorist or an extremists. We need workers who are smart enough to follow instructions but stupid enough not to see hidden agendas and ask question. Do this well and you will be a model citizen.- The Education System

Watched a short of this talk in youtube and wanted to watch the whole speech so I came to this video which I had not finished (I probably played it like 1 month ago). I had the video paused at the exact moment where the short started! (The short was made by another channel). Wao haha. God bless the reader.

That&#39;s what I was thinking too 

Is that Jeff Bezos 15 minutes in?!

15 years ago...

Sir Ken Robinson is very lucky because of his own imperfection and misgivings and he escaped the mentality of the &quot; Factory Schools&quot; or Factory school mentality. Here is how it went through history. 1.  10. 000 years ago the parents educated their children by informing them how they can grow cabbages and farm and fish to have a shelter and earn a living. 2.  Lazy people came about and they wanted to ride on the shoulders of other people as Criminals.  Religions.  Politics.  Lawyers.  Barristers and so many others including Kings and Queens Popes.  and The Aristocrats.   and they all rode on the shoulders of the poor but projecting promises and delivering nothing. 3.  There was an era where governance started to brew and Capitalists and Religions worked hand in hand including the Catholic Church members who enjoyed living like Kings and Queens. 4 The capitalists helped the Church and so a psychological social system was invented to exploit the poor people.  In exchange for a Factory education and welfare and health scheme.  the poor children were &quot; schooled&quot; to work for 16 hours and told to be tight-lipped.  benevolent.  honest.  and obedient and all the spirit was taken out of them to prepare them for the workplace and to only do what is necessary and this narrowed the vastness of knowledge to what was required in the field and the factory and so the Capitalists and the CHurch could gain out of it. 5 Empires were built when the British sent their missionaries to other countries like Africa and India and Canada and Australia where the missionary went in with his own morals and beliefs and charity and totally destroyed the local culture the local people had including Christopher Columbus destroying the Red Indian culture and the British destroying the Aborigines.    and the British  Prussian Factory Education was aimed at healthy young children to fit the incoming industries that built the British Empire and the Belgian Empire under Leopold.  The Church and the Capitalists worked together to mold the children into factory schools with small decks placed in one room with each student doing a task and even giving them homework to be ready by the next day and so the children became the product.  and the teacher the chargehand and the inspector and the policeman.  even using a stick to punish those children who went out of line with what was required to follow as in a prison system or a hospital where patients are told what to do or indeed the military where soldiers need to follow orders. 6.  This only came about in 1750 when the Russian.  British.  German.  and the US built their Factory school at religious schools and then at primary.  secondary.  and Community colleges and  &quot;Vocational training&quot; in a very narrow field just wide enough to permit the children to be used in a mass-production system where they had to have a narrow wishing of a  simple process without complexity.  It was necessary to take the creation out of children so that they could keep a monotonous job on the field and on the factory floor working for the church and the capitalists.  IN the church even marriage between nuns and priests was not allowed the issue is that being a virgin and being chaste will raise you a few meters higher than the factory workers.  The workers were thus molded given low pay and made to work for 16 hours a day where being poor they thought this was heaven for them to have enough to eat. . Russia.  Britain The US.  and Europe all followed this molding of children and they all preached that their children were &quot; developed&quot; and those in Africa were still &quot; primitive&quot; as they did not fit in the factory philosophy of Russia and Britain.  the US and Europe.  7 The women at home were drugged to join in the factory schools that men were sent to and with the demand for equality the women became narrow-minded and  were pumped up to work in factories and most women wanted to serve in the Board room at management levels rather than on the shop floor as men were drugged to do by Henry Ford and other Capitalists.  Some of Henry Ford employees who realized how the bait and higher salaries got them hooked away from their families and so they were brave and went back to their own farms and were creative by doing their own necessities with their own minds with the help of their wives and their own children rather than be molded like sausages through a factory machines 8 At about 1960 Free education was offered but the capitalist then came in with private schools and private tertiary education so that the students are loaded with the educational fees that are now breaking their backs. So the relation and sequence are very simple.  Being hungry and frightened.  Religion came in with illusionary comforts.  Then the Capitalists and Socialists came in with Profits and a promise of tangible engineered guaranteed comforts which people preferred.  for this.  the people did not mind becoming wage slaves where both the church and the capitalists and the bolsheviks and Carl Marks benefitted from the molding of children in factory schools. Sir Ken Robinson due to his unfortunate condition was not regarded as being fit to join in and be molded in a factory school and he had time to think about what is happening around him. He may not realize but his own condition saved him and he is lucky.  He does not seem to have understood how it all happened and is presting it with a beautiful sense of humor as he was not caught in it.  But he did make his career in EDUCATION   and he did emigrate from England to the US preaching it his own way.  The audience in front of him is being titillated into ecstasy by his jokes and delivery. . . . . . . . . . .  all because he is so clever and is offering a &quot; factory school &quot; education with a difference in that he is allowing the audience to think for themselves in pointing out the issues he mentioned.  But of course.  if everybody goes around preaching and riding on the shoulders of their audience rather than working the fields and the farms and the fishing ground.   then that is not much different from what the Religions.  Church.  and Capitalist did in their &quot; Factory schools&quot;   The TED talks are miniature factory schools with the audience being molded by the preacher but in this case.  the talk is more of a placebo to make the people relax before they go our to work tomorrow. 

Jeff Bezos is in this  interview

The Shakespeare part HAHAHHAHA

<a href="">13:34</a> &quot;Creativity is the process of having original ideas that have value.&quot;

My mother told me something once that I found very helpful when in school.You&#39;re shouldn&#39;t give your actual opinion or try to answer the question earnestly. Rather, you&#39;ve got to play a game of &quot;read the teacher&#39;s mind&quot; and try and give the teacher the answer that THEY want.

People often say that you shouldn&#39;t choose subjects based on your teachers, but that&#39;s wrong.The teacher you have for a subject completely changes how you learn it, and how much you enjoy doing it.I have ended up really enjoying subjects that I otherwise don&#39;t care for simply because I&#39;ve had a good teacher.On the flipside, a bad teacher can completely ruin a subject for you that you would normally enjoy, or at least not mind doing.

One of the worst things about school is the wonky distribution of subjects.For some reason you just get way more time for some subjects than you do for others.I am failing one of the classes I care about the most and put some of the most effort into simply because I haven&#39;t had the time to work on some of the tasks.Meanwhile, I&#39;m doing just fine on my least favourite subject, English, because we&#39;ve got two periods of it every day except Wednesday (and the weekend).It pisses me off how I have to spend more time on the subjects I hate than the ones I actually want to be doing.

English (as in essay writing and analysis) is the only compulsory subject for the HSC.Maths however, is not.Maths is essential because you need it to know how much money to pay for your taxes. You need it in your day to day life when buying or selling something. It&#39;s absolutely essential for a large number of jobs.And yet it isn&#39;t compulsory. English is.I&#39;ve asked a few of my English teachers why English is compulsory and they never have a good answer.Pretty much: &quot;Why is English compulsory?&quot;&quot;Because it&#39;s important.&quot;&quot;Why is English important?&quot;&quot;Because it&#39;s compulsory.&quot;

SIMPLY AMAZING

I hated school so much. It felt like years and years of being strangled by boredom.

First, he knows nothing about American schools. Next, his premise turns on itself by assuming that &#39;creativity&#39; is only found in the arts. Creativity is found in every branch of study; it takes different forms. Sometimes it will come in dance or music, sometimes it will come in the engineering of an airplane, sometimes it will come in organization, and food prep, and and and. The next premise he asserts is that all children have the capacity for creativity and learning. They don&#39;t. The vast majority of humans are not creative and not intelligent (this does not mean stupid). But the creators will always find ways to create. School became required as the population grew. Kids were on the streets causing trouble, so school became mandatory. There will be some learning, but most school time below college basic courses is daycare.

&quot;We may not see this future, but they will.&quot;RIP Sir Ken.

Watched this 5 times in the spam of a year, damn worth the revisit everytime!

Ken, I hope your loved ones see this to see and read just how much his words meant to so many. Incredible human, powerful words.... sadly still highly relevant

15 years.. already.

Schools here (in south east Asia) deprioritize everything other than maths, languages, starting from elementary school, they condemn dancing, music and discourage everything excluding the ‘major’ subjects

The corpus callosum is thicker in men, not women.

I was BORN in the year this came out and it rings surprisingly true to me

That nativity scene reminds me of the Dave Alan skit -&quot;and into the hole he goes&quot;.

That is Jeff Bezos in the crowd <a href="">14:56</a>.

this is meaningful video to be shared

This is the first ted talk I listened to willingly 

Miss you Sir Ken Robinson..
Ok

This video is 15 years old and already true about education inflation. People are educating and competition is so high that creativity is becoming extinct and noble pursuits of life unfollowed.

<a href="">14:50</a> is that... Jeff Bezos in the audience?

So Im agrred what you told, just make decition, If my child will be master painting or economy officer is depend for TALENT of my child... Some people have not predisposition for math, but their are artis, this is math, some percent of people on the world is it Genius and other....

Now you are told, education is poison of my life, I will stop Harvard, and then I will be Painting Master....When is does 90 percent people on the world change their live, leave out school Immediately, on line, have consequens,  who will do money for paintings ?

Yes Ted, So if you are not professional liar, I can accept all of you, but one dept have your phylosophy, where is not your phylosophy, just situations where is happend, something for comment only. Whats the reason, or beter where is reason what you talk... follow my thoughts.. If ~90 percent of people where they are make decision of future of their school for they future and our, world future make final decision &quot;I will be artist&quot; or dancer or Music master, we have final question, Who will be making other nacesserily work for world wide movemnet of economy grow, when Education people have place and time talking about..?

<a href="">14:59</a> was that Jeff Bezos laughing out loud?

he was right

I realize the secret to making a million is to invest better, I always tell myself you don&#39;t need that new car or that vacation yet, this mentality helps me make more money investing :ng. Invested 70K in blue chips and coinbase, (with the help of my advisor of course) made about 260K, but guess what? I put it back and traded it again, and now I&#39;m close to a million chips, delayed gratification always pays off!

<a href="">15:02</a> is that Jeff Bezos lmao

Yo Jeff Bezos is laughing in the crowd at <a href="">14:55</a> :o

16 years later and as it turns out, he was right...

<a href="">14:57</a> is that Jeff Bezos and Larry Page.

Answer: absolutelt. Schools should only be untill 12 years. Other than language etc what do we really learn

I got the point about the education and creativity that he said. It&#39;s absolutely true. I hope I can educate my children wisely, according to her gift and talent, not from my hope, dream, or expectation.Thank you for reminding us about this thing, Sir!

Brilliant. How appropriate in 2022. Added. The education system is a money making machine.

is that jeff bezos in the crowd at <a href="">15:02</a>?

<a href="">15:01</a> is it Jeff Bezos laughing? 

We also have to look what happened/happens in the early childhood.We all traumatized more or less, this is where it started because our parents already programmed/manipulated/traumatized.We must be brave enough to look at ourselves before  the change happens in the outside

Online Etymology Dictionary:education (n.)1530s, &quot;child-rearing,&quot; also &quot;the training of animals,&quot; from French education (14c.) and directly from Latin educationem (nominative educatio) &quot;a rearing, training,&quot; noun of action from past-participle stem of educare (see educate). Originally of instruction in social codes and manners; meaning &quot;systematic schooling and training for work&quot; is from 1610s

After so many years still such a great talk. Guy deserves all kinds of praise... 

I totally agree. As said in the video. “All children are born artists, the problem is to remain an artist as we grow up.” –Pablo Picasso. When we grow up, we become frightened for being wrong and in the school system, mistakes are the worst thing you can make. But isn&#39;t school supposed to prepare us for the future? The knowledge we gain from school matters but creativity is still necessary. Students spend 18+ years in their lives taking tests, memorizing informations and spent hours finishing homeworks. However, true learning is born out of lasting understanding, not grades and tests. The informations we memorize fades by the time, but our creativity won’t. In school, even if you’re allowed to be creative, they put a lot of restrictions in it. Students are expected to follow methods instead of creating their own. For example, in Literature. Students are often given strict guidelines for writing things like poems. School makes us create poems that have precise rules for each individual line, making poetry seem very constricted and uncreative. School drains out creativity of oneself.That’s why school must focus on empowering students’ creativity.

Do schools kill creativity? Yes. In fact, they discourage creativity. It&#39;s pathetic.

the guy @<a href="">15:00</a> looks like jeff bezos
AI will not replace human creativity.

I had the pleasure and honor to spend time with Sir Kenneth Robinson in October of 2017.  I sat next to him at a dinner I hosted at my family&#39;s restaurant.   He told a story of meeting Sir Paul McCartney, and how they mutually agreed to stop calling each other with a &quot;Sir&quot; prefix since both were &quot;Sirs.&quot;  I couldn&#39;t stop laughing.  He asked me my favorite Beatle song (&quot;not fair, there are so many. All of them?&quot; I replied)  I finally decided on A Day in the Life as my current favorite.  He told me that use to be his favorite, but now it&#39;s Please Please Me because it was one of the few helped launch them into eternity.  RIP Sir Kenneth Robinson (my dinner friend).

Sir Ken Robinson. Thank you. You&#39;re among us still going amazing. Love never dies.

2007! Wow! I can&#39;t believe!!!

This is the best Ted Talk out there. Period . Equally engaging, enlightening and hilarious; delivered in a way that people are not bored nor swaying away from the topic at hand ! All Hail Sir Ken Robinson 

If you&#39;re not prepared to be wrong, you also literally lost your ability to learn. Because being wrong is BOUND to happen, but you&#39;ll be too busy trying to deny it to actually improve. Soon enough, you cannot even make the distinction between right and wrong. You start treating your opinions like facts, and your ignorance like knowledge, just to stick to the vicious cycle of denial.This affects society at the deepest levels. Billions choose to double down on their mistakes, rather than admitting to them, everyday. They refuse to apologise to those they troubled or hurt, they drag on toxic relationships because they cannot accept they chose the wrong people, and they even vote the same people that already scr*wed them up.I love this TED talk. I never tire of it. It remains extremely relevant. And Robinson is clear, concise, smart, and also very engaging and entertaining. Which is specially commendable, with such a huge and complex topic as education itself.After all, our education is pretty much what makes us civilised in all senses of the word. Instead of just bald, feeble primates. It makes us mature, decent, cultured, etc. From the basic teachings at home, to the formal stuff in school. It&#39;s one of our defining traits as a species, the extent to which we educate our own.

<a href="">14:59</a> IS THAT-

<a href="">3:45</a> - &quot;They will in a minute&quot; 

Imagine Richard Feynman who realized this much earlier, when he came to Brazil, about Brazilian education being based on memorizing concepts and formulas, and not on thinking about solutions.
Sarah watching this:

Wow, the two VK members Loc & Thuy are wearing beautiful, cute couple shirts.
This was 15 whole years agoBruv

Never get tired to watch this again.

Cosmos=quantum adjustment! Life=molecular adjustment! Consciousness=memetic adjustment!

amazing ted talk, rest. in peace sir ken

What an incredibly sobering presentation! Oh, the damage we do as educators when we are myopically focused on widget-making instead of educating &quot;the whole child&quot; to reach their creative capacity. WOW!

Leader, 2022 present
<a href="">14:59</a>  I&#39;m I the only one that recognizes Bezos laughing in the audience

Well I’m here at first to ask if anybody recognize Jeff Bezos in the audience but see that Sir Ken has passed instead but his WILL will live on inside me ! Rest In Peace Sir !

Brilliant

Brilliant easily digestible presentation of the presented fact including excellent examples. It&#39;s as shame that 16 years later nothing significant changed in this aspect.

How many of us have been put on medication and told to calm down, how to over come this

I started my education the year this talk was given.Here i am facing University rejections 15 years later.

Fifteen years later, still relevant. &lt;3

I looked for his book epiphany, and couldn&#39;t find it. Is it under a different name? 

Amazing!
Great story, too bad his views are not backed up by the science on education

Jeff bezos in The crowd

️️️️ rip sir
wow

Whatching tris in School

RIP, Sir Ken Robinson. Your contribution to education will never be forgotten. 

anybody else notice Jeff Bezos in the crowd? at <a href="">15:00</a> or just me?

Must try harder meaning?

This dude is wrong and provides absolutely no evidence for anything he says. A lot of his ideas have been debunked and are actually dangerous. No educator should take him seriously at all.

Still holds up. Brilliant!

I think that the points Sir Ken makes about how there is a great degree of &#39;educational inflation&#39; and greater money to be paid/hoops to jump through to get an education and a job, as well as the point about the history of industrialization and effective working being a major part of the structure of education and what is valued is really good. However, when he mentions that &#39;the structure of education is shifting beneath our feet&#39; and when he mentions that education serves work, he fails to get at the wider systemic implications. Capitalism as a whole, the system that dictates our educational structure, stifles creativity, rather than breeding it. I think that widening the lense of the implications would have been good. Anyways, rest in peace, Sir Ken, this was an excellent talk and I really learned a lot.

For me, it remains to be the most inspiring TED video even today.

<a href="">4:00</a>  perfect answer!
16 years later with nothing changed  just shows we are moving backwards, we are wasting the potential that human being could have if only they system was managed like Sir Ken Robinson had described.

norm ender suggested wow fkjdbhfakjdkf
I bet the man in the audience with a black sweatshirt and a receding hairline (at 14.59) is Jeff Bezos!! Also, what an amazing talk by Sir Ken - loved it!

This talk is really a laughing compilation 

i&#39;m here because i&#39;m supposed to do an assignment on this ted...

Is that Jeff Bezos at @<a href="">14:46</a>?

I want to comment, but find it difficult to word my thoughts properly. As a future educator, I do agree with a lot of what Robinson said. Schools are driven to be efficient, a common denominator in how to impart what is deemed important knowledge to as many people as possible in as streamlined a way as possible.    A process that in the worst case possible reduces people to a set of A4-organisms, a standard, rather than an individual. However, how schools are driven that way, is only part of the problem. Other aspects are 1) our view of school and its purpose and institutional mandate, and 2) the politicians that decide educational policy.     My view of school has gone from an institution to just teach children, to an organ that is also meant to impart values - of hard work, criticial thinking, literacy and competence to participate, both as a worker and a member of community and democracy.     However, it is driven with a focus on results and numbers. Children are not primarily taught as members of society and democratic and community participanship, but as workers and participants in a market economy. They are taught in a way that they can give as much money and knowledge to industry as a worker, rather than a person/ and individual.The way schools and curriculum works, is only part of the problem. To repeat, we as people - as parents, as citizens, and educators - also need to evaluate our own view of schools and its purpose and role, and the the driving policies we (complicitly) help enact.

yes i agree more in turbulance that why the pause and wait for quilt and class

you can see Jeff Bezos in crowd @<a href="">14:58</a>

Instead of bugs let&#39;s eradicate schools and allow education to flourish.

<a href="">15:00</a>  jeff bezos ?
<a href="">15:01</a> Is that Jeff Bezos?

RIP to him.

&quot;Your children are not your children.     They are the sons and daughters of Life’s longing for itself.     They come through you but not from you,     And though they are with you yet they belong not to you.     You may give them your love but not your thoughts,     For they have their own thoughts.     You may house their bodies but not their souls,     For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.     You may strive to be like them, but seek not to make them like you.     For life goes not backward nor tarries with yesterday.&quot;- Kahlil Gibran, &#39;The Prophet.&#39;

One word: Absolutely

Watching this video again, now in 2022, after two years of COVID, with children out of school and their learning capacity diminished via online learning, with the climate change crisis and the Earth in peril, I see this talk as premonition. 15 years have passed, and we&#39;re stil marching mindlessly and naively towards our own extinction.

Surprisingly, here in 2022. How to become a TED member?! Help. I am a creative crafter

Public schooling is public enemy #1. Making babies and then giving them to the state is perhaps one of the gravest sins anyone can commit. Government schools produce government children, and the state controlling education is no different than the church controlling the state. It merely appears to be different. The greatest thing we can do for our youth is to completely defund public education.

Jesus Christ died for our sins, was buried, and resurrected on the third day according to the scriptures. (1 Corinthians 15: 1-4)

Best TED Talk ever! Thank you Sir Robinson 
sarah watching this....

Jeff bezos no minuto <a href="">15:00</a>?
Genial
Nice show, but where comes the idea that education, including art education, has the goal to promote creativity? The unspoken goal of education around the world is still to teach you the culture of your country, not to change it, but to have a common base with the others of your culture and therefore make it easier to live in your peer group. Even the formal education in the royal ballet is an example, there you train hours and hours the 5 positions of ballet. In China or India, you would train totally other movements. This is even in the word itself, educare = guiding something out or away, not bringing you on the right track. This would be in the origin of the word &quot;learning&quot;, which is something only slightly related.

&quot; The richness of human capacity&quot;  I love it.

<a href="">12:37</a>. Welll what a way to start off 2022 isnt it ;)

there&#39;s no way at <a href="">15:00</a> that isn&#39;t Jeff Bezos

In fairness, maths and languages are at the top of the hierarchy because they&#39;re needed by everyone, with virtually zero exceptions. Something like dance doesn&#39;t compare in usefulness

Best piece of oration I&#39;ve ever heard, someone suggest me any other talk as well. I&#39;ve seen a lot

For a fun fact-my English teacher refer this to watch after Albert Einstein chapter and his education theory

breakthrough, I have now managed to work in an area of artwork so niche that I feel like I am excelling in creativity. I never would have taken those steps towards this achievement without listening to Sir ken all those years ago. Now, by chance I live near Stratford and I took a walk down around Snitterfield nature reserve to think about my next project. Of course thoughts of ken were there and hope he knows that his wishes for a more creative future has already worked in someways, it worked for me to do what I love and get good at it but still hope for implemented policy within schools and businesses one day, the world needs creativity to meet the large topics of our era such as climate change, ecosystem degradation the future of humanity with.One love to ken, such a legend.

Creativity stems from individuality? School systems grade, test and file us in boxes?

@<a href="">15:09</a> Did Epiphany ever come out?

Bro sometimes I feel like it hard for me to create my own thoughts

<a href="">15:02</a>-5You can see and hear Jeff Bezos laugh! Hahaha

<a href="">14:59</a> Jeff Bezos
<a href="">14:57</a> Jeff Bezos is here laughing uncontrollably, can you notice

It hits home, thanks

More than the content all i see is the control in which he hold his audience. He can say anything and still keep attention. That&#39;s just talent. And yeah, the message is good as well

<a href="">14:58</a> Young Jeff Bezos in the crowd

One of the best talks about this subject I have heard....

Agree

<a href="">13:39</a> bulshit is only one inteligence

Islam is the solution If you are ignorant or shy, you will miss the chance to learn. Degrees are a mere paper you hold. But if you continue to learn, you will discover how many things you don&#39;t know. We are just in the edge of the science. Just one drop of the ocean. We humans are just ignorant creatures for the most part. Kids must know the purpose of their lives. It is only to worship God and follow the rules and respect other boundaries.

<a href="">14:59</a> is that Jeff Bezos that bald guy????

Duh
Sir Ken Robinson.

I recently watched it for the first time in a school class, and I was captivated by the humorous story that captivated people, so I came back to see it again. I want to hear it over and over again.
I’m a mathematician by educational training (masters degree) and I think it’s an inusual subject to categorise. It’s not really a memory test - it’s more of a set of skills and tools that allow us to <b>creatively</b> problem-solve. I see this video is 14 years old. I wonder whether over that time education has changed in the direction Sir Ken was recommending?When I was a young man 40 years ago, I read Edward de Bono. He developed courses on how to think. And he emphasised the importance of making happiness your goal in life (“The Happiness Purpose”). I had great hopes for a revolution in education resulting from his work. But I don&#39;t think much has changed in 40 years. On the subject of being WRONG - we are not taught the value of discovering our mistakes and learning from them. Some of the most important lessons we learn in life cone from the mistakes we have made.

Brilliant man.

There is another dimension to this TED talk: it is a sublime rhetorical masterclass

To this date an incredible thought leader in this space. Always fun, inspiring and thought provoking to watch! What a shame he had to leave us so soon.

The quintessential TED talk !

@<a href="">14:58</a> You can actually see Jeff Bezos at this conference!

Ayo who&#39;s here from Google UXD Course?

<a href="">14:57</a> Yo, is this Jeff Bezos when he still had some hair?

<a href="">15:01</a> I think I saw Jeff Bezos ... please confirm

I fully agree with him, I watched this at school and it’s so ironic how the teachers were talking about this even though are were the problem and nothing has changed.

I love art but I feel that my passion is draining because of school life and it’s stressful ness,They act like ALL of us don’t have passions, are self directed or have motivations outside of school work. I try really hard and I’m too tired to reward myself with my greatest passion in life Rant complete- somewhat

I agree with him. The education system has become such because of the needs of the state and the economy. They will agree with me that economists are needed to move the economy, not dancers or singers. I think we need to change the economic system, and then the education system. Ходжаев Руслан

School still kills creativity.  Creativity in art, speech, etc. One education system is wrong, students must have many different paths.  Everyone is good at something, but, unfortunately, people follow a path that may not suit them.

his words touched me to the core. everything he said is simply true, but not everyone is able to understand it. educational institutions do not always block the desires of students, sometimes it is necessary for their education, but sometimes the student&#39;s talent is infringed by studies and he is not able to reveal it

Schools do kill creativity, like every time there might be a good camp, they stuff with learning, and stuff that we can use at school. And most of us students just want to have fun at those camps. In the past 5 years I&#39;ve only been on one camp that the school didn&#39;t stuff the  camp with useless stuff.

How great he thinks. Definitely the best. He taught very well.

Each of us can be a creative person, the main thing is to understand what we like to do the most, what brings pleasure, and also delights other people.  It is very important to learn to listen to yourself and realize your talents, to be creative. I really liked Ken Robinson&#39;s monologue

Indeed, in our time, education is simply devalued. There is absolutely no sense from him and this is very insulting, because now, in order to climb the career ladder, you do not always need to be educated. Brilliant and creative people are simply not perceived, and the problems of others are devalued.

OMG! Jeff Bezos is laughing at <a href="">14:59</a>...his laugh is everything!! Very good joke btw!!!

Great Video Some Great Stories on my Channel

Glad 
everyone is a genius in there own type of way everyone is smart at something and everyone is special because nobody will be like you more than you let’s say you were a painter ‍ well you could make the greatest work of your career and think about it nobody would’ve made it or worked on it because only you have that good idea.. so what I’m basically saying is your special because you have the skill or can think of things normal people can’t do

As I’ve said before we need a new system (Well some things in the old system can stay but some have to go)

Yes.

Aight I know what my Ted talk for English is going to be about. lol

"If you think science is boring, you're learning from the wrong teacher." - Richard Feynman
good

I remember listening to this dozens of times while studying English when I was in high school.
Is that Jeff Bezos??? At <a href="">14:58</a>

Short answer: YES!!! 1000000% (IT&#39;S MISERABLE)

Many traditional educators miss the point of this talk completely. They think a shake-up in the system will cause problems, or redirect funding, or jeapordize their position. And whilst there is a risk of that, the danger of the kind of stagnation in thinking we see all around us in education is far more dangerous. Imagination and creative thinking are key in all areas.  Because whilst our knowledge is built on previous learning, it only expands when we ask &#39;what if?&#39;.We need more &#39;What if?&#39; thinking and less &#39;Here&#39;s how&#39;.And we need schools to be the place children get to try all the things they can&#39;t do at home.

14 years later nothing changed.

&quot;They will know in a minute&quot;confidence in her immagination is really amazing

is that Jeff Bezos at <a href="">15:00</a> ?

Im looking at this because I am starting a research paper about school bc i hate it so much. But when he said people starting school this year, he was talking about me :) I started school in 2007 &lt;3

R.I.P

Funny

ꌩꏂꌚ, ꀤ꓄ ꀷꂦꏂꌚ.
&#39;the body is a transport system for the brain&#39;- the brain

What is Solution?

Short answer: Yes

hay!
Frank sent this, what does that mean

My son, before the age of 2, had memorized the entire rhythm and nearly all the letters of the alphabet, and could pick up rhythm&#39;s and sounds of words to go with songs at the drop of a hat. But because he didn&#39;t always say these little interaction words with adults, and like to say single words when looking at picture books, there was worry over his language skills. He&#39;s 2 now and he&#39;s learning to sing amazing grace. Ages and stages questionnaires have been always been good, but because he is unique in ways there&#39;s a shadow of doubt I can perceive from his daycare workers. I even took the hints and proactively had him attend speech therapist who would visit daycare. The lady made an absolutely ridiculous report for for him, suggested I teach him things he already knew very well, and what was worse she sang old Mcdonald with him and passed on the msg to me to sing old Mcdonald with him... suddenly he hated the song. I pulled him out after only 2 sessions and I&#39;m glad I did, my boy is a truly brilliant creature and I am more the wary this experience. Damn right education kills creativity, and teaches (as Howard Gardner says), a long knowledge base but superficial. We don&#39;t retain most of what we learn in schools, happened to me and I was and straight A B student. Seems that were really pushing an agenda on kids, and aren&#39;t taking the time to dig deeper into their learning. It&#39;s just check the box and move on. Each of our experiences hold boundless opportunities for life enrichment. Just how extrinsic is are our education systems?

<a href="">15:00</a> is that jeff bezos ????

Like Neil DeGrasse Tyson said, children are born with curiosity, we destroy that curiosity. This gentlemen said we destroy the children&#39;s creativity. This is the truth. It doesn&#39;t mean let the children do whatever they want, but allow them a guided freedom to explore. Be creative and dont punish them for being wrong but celebrate the success.

It has been 14 years, and nothing has changed.

<a href="">5:41</a>

Teacher used this as a source for writing an essay

It felt like a stand up comedy set for a moment. Brilliant though!

Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.

Rest in Peace Sir Ken!

we miss you, sir robinson. i hope you&#39;re at rest and peace up there. 

This video is older than me

Why do you and your friend have the exact same answers?<b>Because we had the exact same questions</b>

2006... that was 15 years ago and its still relevant

Best Ted talk EVER

And nothing has changed since then. Things got worse. And now this brilliant man is gone. In addition, the entire planet is going mad.

At <a href="">15:00</a>..is that guy who is laughing maniacally..Jeff Bezos?

<a href="">11:15</a>

What a funny and intelligent guy. Weird hearing him talk about how people like him won’t see the future but our children will since he’s gone now. Rest In Peace.

&quot;Squander them pretty ruthlessly&quot; That was eye opening!

Yes.

You should know Argentina. In the city of La Plata, the capital of the Province of Buenos Aires, there are 3 secondary schools dependent on the University with differentiated training. One with training oriented in exact sciences, another with training in social sciences and the best of all, with training focused on art. Baccalaureate of Fine Arts. You would be amazed by its freedom and curriculum as well as seeing the development and growth that occurs there. To meet all the requirements of the basic subjects plus the orientations, the Baccalaureate in Art has one more year to complete and despite this the students do not abandon their training and are happy with their achievements. Whenever you want, we are waiting for you
Here after reading the book &quot;talk like ted&quot;

From the episode of Dr. Iyad Qanibi
So much wisdom and humor. Totally loved this!

I&#39;ve never yawned more enthusiastically in my life!

i hope he wasnt cancelled for this.he is speaking truth

Nobody notices Jeff Bezos with his iconic laugh in the attendance <a href="">14:57</a>

I remember when the Queen of England tried to behead him herself but had a shaky hand so now he&#39;s a knight.

This was amazing! i&#39;m really happy to have watched this as a future teacher &lt;3

&quot;The whole purpose of public education, throughout the world, is to produce university professors...The universities designed the system in their own image [and the system itself] is a protracted process of university entrance. &quot;<b>Finally,</b> someone <b>said</b> what so many uni students have been <b>thinking</b> and <b>realizing.</b>

Who is watching this after 14 years

His accent is strange

My art teacher cares more about inch-accurate proportions than beauty.

Inspire kids to be better. Encourage their will to have a go and celebrate mistakes.

Who came here from trash taste ?

Jeff bezos laughing at <a href="">15:00</a>

Its a good

RIP

<a href="">14:56</a> is that my boy jeff bezos!

<a href="">14:59</a> is that Jeff Bezos

It Kills Creativity

WHY NOT

Imagination isn&#39;t allowed in the schools.

It&#39;s ironic. I think it&#39;s the paradox of education. Education is aimed at nurturing future talent, but present education is burying children&#39;s talents rather than discovering them.

I will continue to watch this over and over and over again and recommend it to others for the rest of my life. It will always be relevant and enjoyable. You live on sir Ken

Is that Jeff Bezos @ <a href="">15:00</a> ?

Is scary that 14 Years have passed and nothing has changed

<a href="">14:58</a> outta nowhere, a couple frames of Jeff Bezos having a maniacly laugh

Schools kill creativity because teachers are given a curriculum from the district to teach those things throughout the year so yes school kills creativity because of a curriculum

Very informative speech. I enjoyed it so much and got everything into my head.

Hilarious!
I started kindergarten the year he gave this talk, so the kids that he mentioned as “entering school this year” just graduated high school. Time flies

I can&#39;t believe this presentation was given in so far 2006.It is brilliant.

What a wonderful man, may he rest in peace.

Shout out to Sarah

Can relate to most of it, but I wonder if he had the chance to meet engineers at technical Highschools … or biologists

<a href="">14:57</a> Jeff bezos!!!
I wonder how he would feel today about our progress - 14 years later - I think he would be disappointed - maybe not

why does this video s start  out with attack music????????????

<a href="">14:57</a>  Jeff Bezos is laughing 

The biggest problem in temporary education is that it does not answer to developmental needs of the children, learning through play, respect of their rights and voices. School needs to draw on the opportunity that it accumulates all the children at once on a school day to let them socialising, exercise their freedoms and rights, cooperating and learning how to create healthy relationships, sense of belonging and community.

<a href="">14:57</a> is that Jeff Bezos rolling his head backwards while laughing?

Truly valuable and interesting arguments... One year now since we left his presence...but still in our minds Sir Ken Robinson. Thanks.

You can clearly see Jeff Bezzoz at exactly <a href="">15:00</a> minutes

We need more free thinking like this ! All around the world. What serious waste of humanity to just pump out, closed minded worker bees.

Gave me goosebumps , and that is the reason i dropped this year , and working on my business . Rest in Peace sir

Jeff Bezos is in the audience <a href="">14:57</a> in front of the man in green. RIP Sir Ken - One of my favorite Ted talks.

got here searching up sexy among us domination cumsplosion with inflation blast.nice

Him: complains that schools don&#39;t teach art and music everyday.My school: doesn&#39;t even teach them.

Schools do not kill creativity; they simply don&#39;t encourage it.  The same could be said of most businesses.  Institutions are created to serve the average  -- the average student in school, the average employee at work.  The creative individual is by definition exceptional, a round peg in a square hole.  The good news is that creative people are also highly intelligent and learn how to negotiate the maze, even with little encouragement or guidance.  Students with real abilities excel outside the walls of the school by entering writing, art, and scientific competitions on their own and demonstrating talents no school can teach.  Or by working after school.  Or by developing a small business.  It is probable that superior students would excel without formal schooling after age 14 or so.  Many famous men and women did.  Even today, the very best students are autodidacts who teach themselves skills and disciplines beyond the scope of the ordinary school.  What exceptionally talented children need more than teachers are mentors, people who already excel in the relevant field.  Michaelangelo, Da Vince, Andrew Carnegie, John Rockefeller had limited formal schooling, but did have worthy mentors.  Thanks to the teachers&#39; union, there are very few teachers who excel at anything; they aren&#39;t qualified to be mentors.  Which suggests we should devise better ways of educating superior students and developing their special gifts.  Making them spend eight hours a day imprisoned in an institution is decidedly not the best way to do it.

<a href="">14:57</a> JEFFERY BEZOS!!??

US Universities are a joke. The do not teach skills necessary to survive in this job market. Universities are a money making operation for banks, Wall Street investors, corporate owned Donors. All the while, more people are being educated in Africa, China, and India than st anytime in modern history.

RIP  Sir Ken Robinson

School bad, Teachers bad, schould be doing this, should teach that. We hear that every day yet no one knows how.

<a href="">15:00</a> Bezos?
<a href="">14:59</a> jeff bezos, is it you?

I spotted Jeff Bezos in <a href="">14:59</a>
I have been rejoicing ever since I got rid of my genital herpes with the herbs supplement I ordered from Dr. IGUDIA on YouTube. God almighty continue to bless you sir

I didn&#39;t know he passed on rip sir ken Robinson. He is always funny without even trying.

R.I.P Ken Robinson (1950 - 2020). Thank you for your work.

It all depends on the school. For poor people, yes. For expensive elite schools, Like Harvard no

This was posted about 14 years ago and absolutely nothing has changed... except we&#39;ve doubled-down on killing creativity and making people get educated. BTW, Einstein hated uni.

The Gillian Lynne story brought chill thru me. How many of our wonderful children are wasted because we the adults mistakenly think we know best.

i don&#39;t have ADHD, i have ADSD

Rip legend. We will do everything we can to continue your vision and makes the world a more creative place

I revisit this video every few months. It&#39;s absolute gold 

Swear I spot Jeff Bezos in the crowd

Was that Jeff Bezos in the crowd?

Nice, in Germany kinda nothing changed 14y. Later  just a short update

RIP Sir.

it&#39;s so sade !!!

Imho schools improve creativity, real creativity though.

A brilliant soul...Thank you

Brilliant 

Jeff Bezos is in crowd.

Wow, this Ted talk makes me wanna build a school that is built entirely for the student&#39;s creativity.

<a href="">14:57</a> I&#39;m a little late but is that Jeff Bezos?

45k for this &quot;talk&quot; by a charlatan who masks his ignorance and destructive ideas behind &quot;humor.&quot; He was a grifter who duped people into listening by using jokes to put them at ease.He has no solutions.

GHOST 
You know what&#39;s worse. A crappy job where you don&#39;t want to be for money so that you can make money for your time traded.

<a href="">2:21</a> almost nothing has changed. Thanks you for asking (2021)

I think it's just creativity that kills? Those exams etc. drain people's life energy.
So sad to learn that he has passed since this video was made. I think he was right on-point then, &amp; it’s the reason why we’re so divided now! But it’s deeper than just taking “creativity” out of schools. It’s about the total elimination of deeper, more metaphysical, higher-conscious, (“esoteric”) information &amp; knowledge from the Public-Domain. The current “Dumbing-Down-of-America” isn’t just a cliche; it should now be clearly obvious, judging by how many “pure, unadulterated, Class-A, low-conscious, nut-jobs” we have in Congress!

No, hunger pains do. A person has to eat while they are being creative. Most great ideas arent profitable or the thinker cant afford to sit around and think all day because they eventually get hungry and someone has to buy food.

++++++++++++++

The fact that i was literally born in the same year and it recommended it to me after 14 years seems to surprise me...glad i found this amazing video because he&#39;s talking about something that i carry with me about creativity and share with the whole world.

at <a href="">15:00</a>, the man laughing looks like Jeff Bizos

Our local high school just cut its music program. Imagine a school cutting their math program? Arts are just as important.

2021?

awesome

No it doesn&#39;t. If it did, he wouldn&#39;t be talking here.

The human race could be much greater , but the human race itself doesnt allow it to be .

The world was better for your contributions. Rest In Peace.

RIP.

Michio Kaku also once said when people enter junior high school, people’s curiosity is eliminated by society because people have to memorize so many facts and figures. Subjects like science aren’t about memorization.  That probably kills their creativity as well.

the dislikes are from the professors

video: in the 30&#39;s the school uses ADSD before it&#39;s exsistancenow in 2021 a random universe:&#39;Dad, the school says I got aids.&#39;

<a href="">14:57</a> Jeff Bezos?
<a href="">14:57</a> Jeff Bezos?
oop

Schools indoctrinate kids into Marxist theory... that&#39;s what schools do. It&#39;s a slow drip over many years of communist ideals and the end result of this attack is only now bearing its rotten fruit. With the help of the entertainment industry, which has always been inherently liberal with ties to Marxism through the degenerate art era it&#39;s proven time and time again to be quite the potent combination. Use influencers, degrade the morals of locals, reward. Rinse and repeat. You can see this in motion in Weimar Germany btw. God bless.

Hilarious..............
God bless  (doctor adule) for curing my father from A.L.S totally and permanently. you can also get rid of your A.L.S without any side effect. view his YouTube channel for more informations.dr adule.

Absolutely class

TED talks are way better than the crap TEDx

Being educated means your duty, that killed many students at school actualy.Creative mind or positive thought is stayng in other place that we want.

Is that Jeff bezos at <a href="">15:02</a>

And we have still not fixed it

There is a amazing amount of very creative and talented people in ourPrisons. How most got there had nothing to to with living in creative Being. It has to do with living in Survival. A huge disadvantage and Disfunction of human potential. 

Who is Sir Robins really? He belongs to super human through his discourses.

You know what the best part is this is a part is we had a whole 3 lessons about why school was terrible they know its a problem but don’t want to do anything:)

Shocking to hear of his passing. I just discovered this TED talk. May he rest in peaceThe sad reality is this TED talk’s almost as old as me but nothing has changed. It’s still exactly how he described it. The school system is just like the one guy in class who never does their homework, never studies, never passes and winds up having to repeat the same year multiple times. No pun intended lolWe need changes like ASAP

Will anyone do something for our education? Or it gonna stay in our choice? Just do what is important for us …

Pretty grim when he announces that he thinks kids starting school in 2006 will ever be able to retire.

The didactic anteater preliminarily train because ping expectably rely circa a detailed offer. stimulating, tender tense angora

It&#39;s been along for 14 yearsNothing change.

Who watched this video in 2021
3.7k dislikes are from university professors and school teachers.

Yes!

It is interesting to watch this video after 14 years and nothing changed

This guy is so funny

Im literally being forced to watch this for school

Something that school definitely kills for me is the desire to read. At the end of last summer I decided to finally finish the Mistborn books. I read through books 2-6 in about 2.5 weeks. The fastest I&#39;d ever read a series. Then this past school year came along and as usual we had to read some &quot;classics&quot; in English and do some personal reading. I read roughly the same amount of book in those 2.5 weeks as I did over a 9 month school year. Only now when I have nothing to occupy my time in summer am I now dipping my toes back into reading on my own. Luckily, I don&#39;t need to take an English class next year.

This was 14 years ago wow

This talk is amazing

Learn a lot from you thanks for all you give in life

It is up to us to carry on Sir Ken’s legacy.. What an Inspiration . The educational bible. R.I.P

Rest in peace sir 
Is that jeff bezos at <a href="">15:00</a> with that BIG loud mouth?

Do you really have some kind of talent? If everyone is talented, does that mean no one would do crappy work? Is that how the world goes?
At <a href="">0:43</a>

<a href="">0:43</a>

Amazing!
Good news to you all. I want to use this time to thank doctor oseigba Harry mercy who cure my aunty from Al&#39;s with his herbal medicine. He can also cure the following diseases, virus and infections like, cancer, herpes virus, stroke, infertility, HIV, diabetes, lupus, fibroids, kidney disease, chronic pains,lukaimia and so many. To reach him on email. drharrymercy@gmail. and WhatsApp + 2 3 4 9 0 1 9 7 9 1 7 7 4

I want his ability to laugh at his own jokes

This video is why we need TL;DR&#39;s

Just brilliant

Back when TED talks actually were worth it.

Contact Dr Okosolution on YouTube for ALS cure,  he cured my father and I&#39;m here to tell the world about the good news.  Please contact him on YouTube &quot; Dr Okosolution &quot; and get rid of your sickness.

<a href="">14:57</a> is it not jeff bezos in the centre?

Jeff Bezos in the audience at <a href="">14:56</a>

3.7k crappy teachers downvoted this video?

This could be 2 seconds, it could just be a man or a woman saying yes

Funny how this was in the YouTube learn at home

14 years later, I hope we learned smth from his talk and are making a difference now! Great one ️

such a shame nobody listened to this inspirational man here in the UK where schools and education is still failing thousands of young people who have no interest in university and because of this are abandoned as being not worth the effort.

is that jeff bezos ? <a href="">15:00</a>

The problem, while I hate the word creativity, is that it can never be institutionalized. The institution is a system that has such a heavy and burdening presence, by the nature of what it is. Being a part of it, you realize how much it will conform you, and this is not a direct influence, nor is it an intentional one. That’s the problem. I just think it will never happen, and it is only until you leave it that you are able to develop yourself.

the think school brought me here

<a href="">14:57</a>  is that Jeff Bezos

All this time has passed and still no one is utilizing this amazing thought process

Real human!!
I agree with you sir because  in school we learn only those things who is making us slaves I think education  is   totallyDifferent from what education we are getting  from schools 

This man was speaking facts in 2006!!!

Dang, I am one of the &quot;kids who are starting school this year (2006)&quot;. Now Im a freshman in college.

Rest in peace Sir Ken.

its funny since we had to watch this video for school-

<a href="">13:34</a> for later

I can not believe, I am sitting here after 14 years of this lecture, still experiencing the exactly the same issue in education. it has been identified and told already, nothing has changed!

My english teacher asked me to write a debate. I came here for the preparations :)

&quot;educate the waist up&quot; - interesting

Research has proven that whoever multitask do these tasks mediocrely.

Mistakes like spelling mistakes, but the system is full of them!

Fix the faulty English spelling system bc it delays to learn to read and write by years according to research. It has thousands of words that don&#39;t adhere to the alphabetic principle or the main spelling rules, if we extrapolate on Masha Bell&#39;s research on 7000 common words. Is there anyone who would buy a car or drive it if it had that many faulty parts? Hand the keys to their children? And yet, we do. As to how to fix it, we need to unify the pronunciation by teaching a new generation. Aka them bicodal like Italians. Have robots can books and force Google and Amazon show some charity. Internet was paid by the public. No?

<a href="">15:02</a> was that Jeff Bezos...?!

I&#39;ve just started reading &#39;&#39;Out of Our Minds&#39;&#39; by Sir Ken R., which brought me here. He did so much; I so enjoyed this video--especially as an artist and art educator. So for more of his ideas--and humor--there is the legacy of his books.I eventually taught teachers--Art in the Classroom, and Art for themselves, and heard again that the art activities (where probably almost none would have chosen an art course) were the highlight of their week, their only time of pure pleasure.

School we are different.
To answer my teachers question... yes, it seems school is killing creativity. You really want me to keep going?

Rest in peace Sir Ken Robinson...I rewatched this at times for some inspiration. Just learned about it today.

yes. its a business that runs by idiots.

I have been watching TED Talks, I was just listening to this earlier while washing the plates then when I opened our module, we are tasked to watch and observe this talk. Woah..

Was that Jeff Bezos in the crowd?

Jip. School is quite useless. 12 years is a long time to waste. Why not, prepare people for the future. Teach kids about technology, taxes, finances, psychology, statistics, running a business,and most importantly, how to teach themselves.

i was one day old, when this came out! fun fact, lol :/

Have anyone recognized Jeff Bezos in this video <a href="">14:58</a> 

<a href="">14:58</a> that&#39;s JEFF BEZOS

short answer: yes

I had to take Cornell notes on this then after that write if I disagreed or agreed with a certain thing said that I had written in my notes

literally just found out, gutted! Never have i listened to anybody provide that level of education, cause realisation and all that jazz, literally the Jazz master of educaton in my opinion. gutted, really gutted, one of my heroesx

we need more People Like Sir Ken, i have been so much involved in my work, i did not know about this.

Thank you sir Michael Caine
@TED:can you please donate to my start up.if you can please reply to this comment Thanks

My school shows TED videos every other week but recently they&#39;re just about certain inventions or animals or something. I wish they&#39;d find some of these because they are actually helpful aghhh

He speaks so fast!!!
The deadly thing is that nothing has changed, as a matter of fact, it has gotten much worse

<a href="">14:57</a> Did anyone notice Jeff Bezos?

Is that Jeff Bezos at <a href="">14:58</a>?

<a href="">9:00</a>

Nice

14 years later not much has changed with the education system

:)

Anyone notice jeff bezos at <a href="">15:00</a>
I love his laugh :)

1 year younger than the First Video in Yt

IMPRESSIVE! Schools should add more brain-based games or activities to bring out creativity.

<a href="">1:56</a>

I haven’t laughed so hard in ages. So well done.

He’s like the one wise socialist thinker in the widespread capitalist school system

Min: <a href="">5:50</a> , <a href="">9:00</a> , <a href="">10:20</a>, <a href="">13:10</a> , <a href="">14:20</a> <a href="">14:40</a> <a href="">14:50</a> <a href="">17:15</a> <a href="">17:30</a> <a href="">18:27</a>

RIP Sir Ken And thanks for the validation you gave to our collective creative side.

My best Ted Talk of all time. Really changed my life

Ken Robinson: amirite? Internet: yep. What a masterclass this is. Rest in Peace, Sir Ken.

This video is older than me

Welcome from EBYÜ Çayırlı. At least there should be a Turkish comment, right?
A great human beingRIP Sir Ken Robinson

I swear to god if my teacher finds this IM LOOKING AT YOU TEACHER WHO KILLED HER FISH, AND KEPT IT DEAD IN THE BOWL WHILE THROWING IT DOWN A TRASH CHUTE!

Anyone imagine 7 Yr old Shakespeare saying  &quot;to be or not to be&quot;

School and education system sees every single student same and this could kill the creativity but school is not waste of time. it is definetly important. because the main purpose of public education raise the average knowledge of a average  person in society. The main issue of public education that it is not enough for people who are genius or creative. They are over the average and the school reduce their capacity.

All the dislikes are from the professors he dissed

The worried pants technically attempt because partridge admittedly educate beyond a guarded leopard. glib, parsimonious plough

Behind the show,the jokes and the laughs,what he said was true...until he said Al Gore.Too bad.Nice try.

Is that Jeff Besos ????   <a href="">14:56</a>

@<a href="">15:00</a> is that Jeff Bezos?

Essay time boys

BitTorrent Token rising! Like BitCoin once did! Hop on the horse now!!!

Math always at the top on every school :(

<a href="">14:56</a> JEFF BIZOS

schools slapping their own faces like it&#39;s raining money. actually  90 million have seen this

<a href="">15:00</a> there is Jeff Bezos wtfff

Dear lord, if this guy doesn&#39;t exist idk how education is today.

Here in india it&#39;s even worseWe are just fed up of our education system.

Is that Jeff Bezos at <a href="">15:01</a>

&quot;We may not see this future&quot;Sir Ken Robinson, 1950-2020

I was born in 2007 lol and the video details are my birthday

<a href="">14:57</a> bro aint dat jeff bezos
If I had to take &#39;dance&#39; as a class in school, I wouldn&#39;t have graduated elementary school.

<a href="">14:57</a> is that jeef bezoss

Brilliant Speech. Rest in peace sir.

The empty indonesia splenomegaly shrug because snowflake statistically boast onto a hypnotic dead. marvelous, second barge

lol this, the ted talk about procrastination, and the one where the guy emails a scammer are all the only ones i actually remember

YESSSSSSS!!!

&quot;Imagination is a weapon. Those who lack it are first to die.&quot;

Yes.

This is the best TED I have listened to in some time.

I&#39;m not one to sit for long periods of time and listen to people just talk, but when i tell you that this session has done something to my soul and i would&#39;nt even consider myself as an active creative. Thank you for this.

When Gen Z needs to be cancelling the education system instead

O
Yes
I never tire of listening to this man, never. RIP Sir Ken.

Extraordinary. He is right in so many things that he said. We are so closed minded about what we consider intelligence. We expect excellence, perfection and don&#39;t forgive mistakes and this is how we are educated at school. But to be creative you need to have the freedom to fail, to be wrong, to retry. Ask even the typical accomplished person you know about the times they failed in order to have just one succesful outcome in something or putting an idea to work. We penalize so much failure that we have become afraid to fail either at school, work or in fact at any other aspect of our lives. It is easy to see where that leads us.

I wonder if Sarah has seen this?

Watching the video now that I spent years in education and I work online as an engineer the whole day with my feet and fingers that continuosly vibrate to move out from the desk. Caught in the act!! Great video

These days this talk would only be allowed under some TEDx event and it would have a huge disclaimer at the beginning and they would scramble the audio so it is difficult to hear him ;)

<a href="">14:57</a> Jeff Bezos??
I think that is Jeff Bezos in the middle. <a href="">14:57</a>

lol my role was joseph too

He had a career in comedy! But chose education...

Love this man! He is so right! Genius!

All I got from middle school was crippling fear of failure suicidal thoughts and a extreme automatic hatred for any type of authority

I didn&#39;t understand anything :(

What a loss!  Only just discovered him to discover he&#39;s gone RIP

Rest in peace ️
Human creativity constantly changes the world and no one knows what things will look like in the future. Sir Robert and Myself believe that while there have been significant efforts to make school more engaging there is still some work that needs to be down in allowing children to flourish in their own special way.

RIP 

It’s upsetting that this is old and I’m watching this in a class for homework where it’s structured the same way

<a href="">11:15</a> That just hits too hard...

Thankyuw
Ted x talks is brilliant channel they made ted x talks then they made ted because then people will think &quot;oh i havent subbed to their official channel&quot; then they sub

His presentation is so good I didn&#39;t notice the video was 240p

His point about Shakespeare is so true

I think this guy used this as a chance to test run his comedy career :-)) there was a joke every minute

Creativity is based not on remembering but on forgetting not needed information and working only with important facts. Without it the thinking block. Creativity is independent thinking resolving real practical interests. The official education have nothing to do with that.

<a href="">6:07</a> is a big oof

Sir Ken: I have hair... Audience: <b>BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA</b>

Do schools kill creativity? | Sir Ken Robinson  Throughout the speech, Sir Ken Robinson mainly discusses that schools suppress children&#39;s creativity. Schools today tend to treat mistakes as an unforgivable fault, as we can see teachers who go furious when we choose the wrong answer by mistake. Mistakes don&#39;t precisely signify creativity, but most revolutionary advances have derived from creative ideas thought to be a &#39;mistake&#39; in that society. As schools make children fear making mistakes, they grow up to lose the ability to create something inventive and ingenious. Moreover, this phenomenon is occurring throughout the whole world. Schools kill children&#39;s creativity not only by prohibiting mistakes but by underestimating subjects regarding creativity so as art and dance. The speaker claims that this phenomenon occurs throughout the whole world since most countries consider the ultimate goal of public education is training professors, which requires not creativity but logic. Likewise, creativity is underrated since it is not essential in industrialized society. What jobs require defines people&#39;s value. Artists and musicians make less money, so they are less needed. Following society&#39;s common demand of intelligence, university naturally changed into the job training center. The presenter strongly argues that this view on education should be viewed differently. For example, ADHD is defined as an attention disorder, yet if we change our attitude toward it, we can find that people with ADHD are talented in bodily activities such as dancing. In conclusion, the author asserts that humans&#39; future depends on whether they adjust their new concept of the education system which can lead to the flourishing of humanity. Even if the presentation was taken more than ten years ago, his idea is determined to be true. Also, the problem he mentioned is still not settled in Korea. What estimates people&#39;s value is the university and the specialty they majored in. Korea has not adapted to the fourth industrial revolution, concerned with computing technology that needs creativity. Exams in schools are taken not to give students motivation to study but to exclude them from success. Students in Korea are not &quot;studying&quot; but &quot;memorizing&quot; technical terms that they never understand. How could they make software and A.I.s though they have never created something new throughout their whole life? It is essential to reconsider the nature of the study.

Is this from 2007, 2000 or 1990?

Nature is busy creating absolutely unique individuals, whereas culture has invented a single mold to which all must conform. It is grotesque.

im fucking crying

At first I felt despairing for my kids who have adhd, are medicated and are schooled in a mainstream school that they get bored by... But I also see that I can support their creativity outside of school by listening to and observing them, taking note of their interests and offering them space and opportunities to explore them.

Genius.
School kills creativity until today. I mean, what&#39;s creativity anyway? Creative in arts, speech, and etc. I don&#39;t see the point why do we need to be good at painting when the subject is English. I want to be a writer. I&#39;ve started writing several novels last quarantine but when school started, I lose my time to write along with my enthusiasm to continue because school makes me upset. Not to mention the loads of pressure I receive.

<a href="">14:57</a>Is that Jeff Bezos?

14 years and this is still relevant. When will schools realize that grades aren’t a fair way to test effort and just imposes the notion that failure is wrong? I could only hope some brilliant people would think of a way to design school and the whole system such that kids learn and teachers teach, where everyone does their job in an environment that fuels each kids interests and potential.

#

Imagine giving this speech and 21 years later still is most relevant :D

<a href="">15:00</a> Jeff Bezos, is that you?

I think I looked up the education institute ranking systems once. the schools were ranked on how likely you were to go to university and the universities were ranked on how many papers they produced and their acceptance with other institutes. Very little of the education system was assessed against the real world (ie jobs/human impact). Creativity isn&#39;t just knowing how to distract people from their lives, it is about knowing how to find solutions that no-one else has considered. You don&#39;t create a multi-billion dollar business by being able to do a lot of calculations in your head. You get there by creating a product that no-one has thought of yet everyone needs and hiring people with the technical abilities to make it.

short answer: yeslong answer: yes

yes

IT&#39;S TOO INTERESTING!

Its 2020 and scientists have said nobody can multitask. Its called timesharing but cannot fully concentrate on more than one task.

love how i just said to myself i will watch this later as I have school work to do... the irony

Just seeing this. Amazing

I don&#39;t know you noticed it or not but in the middle of this clip <a href="">15:00</a> a man is sitting who is the owner of AMAZON

<a href="">17:53</a> A new conception of human ecology. &quot;Our education system has mined our minds in the way that we have strip-mined the Earth. For a particular commodity.&quot;

<a href="">12:02</a>

<a href="">9:28</a> Education from the waist up

<a href="">6:18</a> &quot;The problem is to remain an artist as we grow up.&quot;

<a href="">5:35</a> &quot;If you&#39;re not prepared to be wrong you will never come out with anything original.&quot;

<a href="">3:14</a> &quot;Creativity now is as important in education as literacy. And we should treat it with the same status.&quot;

<a href="">3:01</a> &quot;All kids have tremendus talents and we squander them pretty ruthlessly.&quot;

Graduating this year

Time to write a paragraph about why this may or may not be true. Ironic.

This video was released in 2007** 13 years later **I am still not allowed to pursue my passions because I wouldn&#39;t get a job otherwise. Also, it doesn&#39;t help the fact that I live in a third world country. Education system here makes kids borderline suicidal.

&lt;3

Real life house md.

&quot;You didn&#39;t get an A?&quot; &quot;You&#39;re a loser!!!!&quot;

<a href="">14:57</a> Is that Jeff Bezos?

<a href="">12:20</a>  <a href="">18:10</a>

Still relevant
<a href="">15:01</a> is that bald guy jeff bezos?

Came here just for the shakespeare joke.

SUMMARY

The major subject : Education ruins children&#39;s creativity.



The first theme is human creativity, the second is creativity, that no one knows what will happen in the future or how it will come out, and the third is that everyone agrees that children have infinite talent. Will. The bottom line is that creativity should be treated as an important subject, such as reading and writing, and we all know that making mistakes right now is going to hurt life. But according to this person, mistakes are also creativity. And, in conclusion, it is explained that public education is to foster university professors. But it hasn&#39;t reached the peak of what a person can achieve, it&#39;s just a shape of life.

In conclusion, the only hope for the future is to receive a new concept of the human ecosystem through which we can redefine the concept of the abundance of human capabilities.

MY THOUGHTS

This person&#39;s opinion: Since education spoils creativity, creative activities should be given importance.



I personally agree. If you make a mistake, your life will be ruined if you make mistakes. In this person&#39;s words, mistakes are creativity, because if they make mistakes, they fail, and if they use creativity, they fail. So, isn&#39;t it that people in our country don&#39;t have creativity? This evidence is already in the article. It ranks 11th among OECD countries (15 countries). Also, it seems that Korea learns less through such experiments or activities than other countries. That is why it is bound to conclude that it is natural that Korea cannot receive Nobel Prize winners or awards from the science and engineering field. In my opinion, what if I changed these tests to the experimental one? Then the children say, &quot;Well, shall we try this once?&quot; This is because the creativity will arise.

how would you summarize this video
