Now they got married ️️

What happened next?
Am so happy who wants party 
Aiese ho kaise ho sakta hai
Sad news

Which band has taken the phase?
Aliyah's all pictures will flop
Kha tha tera bhi katega

I hate star kid 
So happy if so........



I wish  this  news  is  true 

Muje to pta hi tha breakup hoga

if it is true..then this will b karma for shamless nd ugly Alia  to cheat her bestie..uselss girl hope this is true

Yes  ..... if its true then i love the news

First time i wish this  news is ture from media....

Blah
Ranbir has fucked a lot
Aalll iiiaaa haram tatttti shakalll kii ghatttiiiyyaa oraatt marjjjaaa nalayakk nallliii m jaakarr
It should true

Not even one of his movies will run, God will earn even 1 rupee if all his movies flop.
Hey God let this news happen 
It&#39;s not Everytime boy fault

Good

Breakup hona chahea kyuke ham b kabhe try karenge

it was fun
Alia and varun look perfect

Alia  Tera Baap  free he ab ja ...

Alia bhatt is the only girl I hate in Bollywood.. The only girl

I so didn&#39;t wanted to see alia in Bollywood anymore after her first film... She ain&#39;t just not my type 

Fake

alia is nice gril 
Ye sab  publicity stunt hote he affair  breakup

Ranberr i think mental and prositute

Who will be the next ?? Any guess

Am i the only one who feels like alia is in love but ranbir isnot?

Brkup sahe hee

Yous and threw to my Ranbeer wickets knockoutred

Ghatiya

Which poor girl dates her friend's boyfriend? Poor girl... Alia is so cheap and dumpgirl, she is surprised... Where is the Barbie doll and where is Alia chip?
P

I&#39;m so happy 

Sale es ranbeer me ladkeyo ko deekh kea raha h jo pura bollywood chod ke eske piche padi h

What

Fake

Alia and varun best

Aliya bikul bkwas hai

Just stop....trolling nd ur ugly judgements

I wish this news was is come true and I really saying my heart : I miss ranbir and dipika couple . But, when ranbir break up with dipika I really hated ranbir. Uffff, I also hate aliya when I seen she and ranbir together corona virus Aa gai hai ranbir mein Jo ek ke baad ek ko goll ghuma rahi haiSalman humare Sallu bhai ki bhi yaad Aa gai  ranbir ko unki aadat Aa gai hogi. Ek ek karke sabse maze legi par shaadi nahi Kare gi.... Wahhh maana parade ga aliya deserves better than ranbir kapoor. ️

I think he will get married to ALIA inorder to fulfill his father&#39;s last wish. Why everybody is only after RANBIR. ALIA also had many affairs before. She was involved with many of her costars. Hope they will get marryI really love SID

Ranbir kapoor Koi nhi jaanta personal reason kya the aap k but u lost respect from public shuru shuru people specially youngsters aap ka naam hotoh pr rakhte the as fav heero Bhagwaan hr koi ko mauka deta h galti sudharne ka if u r really right Then sab ko galat tahrao and become one Man army And get marry soon and set happy married life with your career

How did you come to Alia Rishi's last rites?
Agar aisa hua h To I&#39;m the most happiest person in the world kyuki dono ki Jodi is Jst aathu..alia suits with varun only


Both of them should break up.
Alia is of sakal na surat
What kind of Ranvir did you like?
ACCHA HUA 

i am really happy to listen this...maybe it&#39;s true news ..sid is better for alia not ranbir cheater 

Brahmastr will get flop I hope so 

Well all fuckers who r saying they’ll be happy if they broke up..cry out your asses cuz they haven’t...if u cant love Ranbir at least don’t spread hate n negativity...good for nothing jealous ppl U hv no right to judge him..hv u ever met him...or know him personally to pass judgements...this is SICK

Ranveer is best than Ranbir...because he knows the meaning of love.....not Ranbir&#39;s fan anymore..

That's why Ranbir keeps giving boys..because his mother didn't like boys..but 38 year old boy got young boys...this is his happiness....Saala..
Ranbir is a playboy.shame on him

Alia how could you date your best friend&#39;s ex boyfriend?that is so cheap of you

Already Ranbir play boy ha
I m so happy....

Fake

Allah kare ye news sch ho

Happy

I knew it hhhhh she is  good with varun dawan

Abbe this news is fake

Alia should be shame of herself.....that after knowing that Ranbir is a big cheater she has been in a relationship with that guy

Ranbir has not cheated any actor apart from Deepika . These r all PR stunt done by Karan Johar for there upcoming movie . They were never dating . The world does not work the way u think people . Even these coronavirus seem fake to me .

Alia ️️
Sikari again, started to read the gun in the gun,, who is next???
Mujhe bhut khushi hogi agr aesa hua

He fucked over Deepika so badly she was in depression. Now he found someone he was in love with- I reckon aalia left him

Now no one respects the fame name of Kapoor... choose it... you are perfect.
Aliya sahi he not good for u

Pehle Kat then Alia = Katalia.Ye to hona he tha..

It&#39;s fake,I don&#39;t believe it

She appeared with katrina as her best friend then with deepika on koffee with karan i think she got closer to them only to get tips for ranbir  she also seems very immature not like how mature kat and Deepika become i wish they broke up....

Yessss at last breakup who is happy hit like

Best decission of deepika to brokeup with this bullshit guy and married with correct person

If these two break up then everyone will have a party this year. If only you would hear this news.
Fake news 

<b>I HAVE A STRONG GUT FEEL THAT RANBIR AND ALIA EITHER WON&#39;T GET MARRIED OR WILL GET DIVORCED WITHIN 5 YEARS OF MARRIAGE.</b> RANBIR KAPOOR IS A PSEUDO PERSON, AND WHILE THAT&#39;S GREAT FOR &quot;REEL&quot; LIFE, IT&#39;S PROBLEMATIC FOR REAL LIFE. SUCH PEOPLE CAN EASILY FAKE EMOTIONS BUT DON&#39;T HAVE ANY IN REAL. MOVIES END IN 3 HOURS BUT REAL LIFE CONTINUES...ALIA WAS LOOKING UP TO HIM ONLY BECAUSE HE IS AN A-LISTER. A CELEBRITY WHO IS NOT ONLY FROM FILMY KAPOOR FAMILY BUT WHO IS GOOD LOOKING, CAN ALSO GIVE 500 CRORE FILMS.

They are still together...this is only a rumor

Dono ke dono dhoke bas h
Ranbir ka koi thikana hi ni h enge aage muh marta rahta h

No chemistry in between .

Alia is not silly girl to get marry ranbir kapoor

really??? i never expected this lol 

Why people always blame ranbir kapoor??? Guys how can you say that!?? Do you know him personally!! There could be so many reasons for breakup! I wish this is not true

Did you think there was a breakup?
Love  you Alia Bhatt and Sirtadha Meharha and super Jodi and i hate Ranbir kapoor
Achha hau
Poor Alia Bach Gayi
Sadi Karalo Ranbir
I love ranbir

Why are you this popular couple and why are you talking so much?
Nooo breakup has not happened

Alia dates her co stars then breakup...they fake relationship...they only date for publicity

thumbnail me tweets made me fool
Hahahaha good
I am so happy 
Ranbir wants to become next sanjay dutt

Who knows what you say and why you are not logged in.
Only fake

It&#39;s like when Ranbir is in a relationship with a woman, the woman looks at ranbir, but ranbir looks at someone else . Then breakup happens. Next woman comes, woman&#39;s eyes are on ranbir, now ranbir&#39;s eyes are on his ex. Then breakup happens. And this continues....

If it is true ..i will be sulerb happy..

No Ranbir and alia this is not fair you both are good couples and so lovable please dont breakup if any thing wrong please talk each other but no breakup please be as first both are made for each over love u  

Very good their should break up .

Ye to hona hi tha

Varun &amp;allia

Gd news

Atsa hua

Achha hua agr breakup hua to bkwas jodi

Rambir kutdda ha
ananya pandey is best for ranbir..go for it ranbir

Good for aila

Why everyone is wanting this news to be 100% true like me

What nonsense is it that Ranbir did not come on Alia's birthday OMG! Yar kam karo fake news but asa ha toh ma bohot khus ho Ranbir, jitna bara flirt kaun ho ho Deepika ka aata hai magar ab Asa ho nahi sakta lakin alia nahi yar comeon
Hopefully Alia marries Vharun

I dont like RanvirHe&#39;s play boy be happy 

Ranbir kapur is known by everybody as playboy of Bollywood,,

They have been talking about Bramstra since 2 years, till now its trailer has not been released and after hearing about many films which have been released. Ranbir and Alia's marriage has been going on since last 2 years but till now it has not happened. Now there will be no news of breakup.
This news is not true .. I wish it is . Ranbir and katrina be together  good match . Both change partners frequently. Also  katrina vicky relation is uneven faltoo .

Not interested

I&#39;m very happy that they broke up bcoz Alia will get more better then him

If this is true.I&#39;m really happy.

Ranbir is a Gandu boy hai real hai yaar 
Its his choice

If ranbir hurts Alia in anyday then he won&#39;t survive.

Wish it was true

 Islam was imposed on us, your love broke up
I wish that both of them break up because Katrina never cheated on them.
If it is true then i am sooo happy

<b><i>Its HIS choice</i></b>

I am very happy ️️️️️
Which actress is best with Ranbir.... Siddharth or Vicky is best for Alia...
Yeh toh honahi tha. Ranbir Kapoor kisi ka nehi ho sakta

Ranbir  and  aliya are best

Stop  Fake news.

So sad

although i know ye sab jhoot h but deep inside ye v pta h ki jb jb media me essi koi news aati hy wo aagy jaky sach v hojati hy  and m waiting fo ds... alia was good wd sid. esky sath jodi jam ni rhi... 

Everything is possible .

Ranbir would’ve been a great couple with Anushka, she would fix him

I support Katrina 
I am so happy that my most favourite couple is Rankat

Iss comment section m bht se log sirf Ranbir ko hi q glt bol re h? glti dono ki hi h aur Alia ki to sbse zda jo y jnti thi ki Ranbir uski best frnd ka ex h aur sth hi sth playboy b h to use iss relationship I don't want any girl but I am 27 years old and I don't have any maturity. Aur jo log y bol re h ki katrina b kch km nii h to y shi h pr usne agr kch glt aur kia apni reputation khrb ki to Alia n b yhi glti repeat kri. Ranbir to h hi gira hua pr y Katrina aur Alia b usse kch km nii.
It wasn&#39;t a relationship guys it was just for the controversy and to get famous for their up coming movie bhramhastra If you think it&#39;s true hit like to the comment

Ranbir is play boy he used all girls and break their heart he some days back no any girl. Trust him if he break Alia heat god will punish him

Lol they did not break <a href="">up.Now</a> what are the haters gonna do

Do we seriously have the time to care about these things? The world is worried about coronavirus. People are dying. People are sick. Therefore, we don&#39;t have the mental space to worry about Bollywood relationships because Bollywood couples don&#39;t take themselves seriously, why should be give ourselves stress?

Sukun Milan sunke ..
4 down.ranbir is on mission.

Alia is deserve to break her heart and relation coz she betrayed her best friend Katrina kaif which called her sister. And she was learning the fashion and style from Katrina kaif she was improving her English staying with Katrina kaif. And the mama boy Ranber Kapoor is not worth it to be anyone’s boyfriend play boy.

Pay attention to Coronavirus!! Raise questions on the country's economy!! Raise your voice for stupid politics.. Why are you talking about this Randi Randi breakup Patchup!! Look at your own life.. do whatever you want to enjoy.
PR stunt hai phele he said sab nae ???
Very good i dnt like this couple both r beshram dhokeybaaz hai,both betrayed their patners without any reason.shameless people

I like it..,Alia and Ronobir break up. Because, I like Alia ka sath Borun Dhawan milta....

Its all about PR nd antention for their new movieReady foe Ayan mukherji next flop

Katwalia Bhatt

Wrong comment.. Alia Bhat n Ranbir Kapoor are not at all popular love birds.. Alia is so kiddish in front of Ranbir.. Only Katrina Kaif suits Ranbir intellectually, personalityy wise n the chemistry.. Also, due to alia ranbir boring pair, Brahmastra will not earn much business.. Ayan should hv made movie wit Katrina n Ranbir..

Haha ranveer is play voy
Buddha is still there, Ranbir is still there…but Gulatiya is not being eaten.
Hey, how many people are there?
No

Mard Ho toh aisa

Ye afwah hai sirf aur kuchh Nahin my favourite superstar Alia Bhatt 

Good for alia if they break up

Ranbir kapoor be like break up song tu mere liye he bana tha

Alia=I broke up with you today
Is eating Haram of no use to you people? Look, you guys have posted YouTube videos.
I am Aliya fan. I don&#39;t know why I can&#39;t ship them

Last ye Sach ho

I would be so so so much happy if this news came true because I never wanted my Alia to stuck with this idiot 

Good News Ye To Hona Hi Tha
Breakup corona

Ranbir Kapoor an old man only wants to had a sex with a small girl there is nothing love...

Bramhastra is giving all the flop feels. Good luck to these two

Bechari alia yeh toh hona hi tha...i knew it from beginnning

Ya to hona tha

Alia will also join Deepika Sonam and Katrina's group now.
What happened in my breakup?
U guys make them couple then u guys make them separate  everything is on media&#39;s ...they pay u to do so...

Sanjay dutt kaa record todenga chota sanju 
Mujhe pta tha ki iska v katega

Perfect news. I eeve ranbir shud marry someone outside the industry as per his mama choice now. Bas hogaya sleeping around and it&#39;s so sick..even Rishiji never did this in his young days.

If this news is true then you have become my year #varia I love you forever
So happy 
Ranbir, you are mine, you are mine, okay? May I give birth to everyone
I&#39;m so happy

There is some very nice actors in Hollywood and Bollywood but they are single here is Ranbir who came to Bollywood and oready been their and dated so and so. I wonder what charm he has to date top beautiful ladies, maybe Tiger, Adyater Roy Kapoor, Sidharth Malortha need help to charm themselves from one and only Ranbir Kapoor.

Ranbir Kapoor cheater hai

Mothercd hai ranbir

Joss.... break up 
Allah kare sach ho

First this is Katrina's fad::i Then Deepika::: and now she has tasted new food::_ And now she also gave it second hand and now this is in someone else's treasure haiiiiiii hahahahahhahh 
Bulata h mgar jane ka nhi mere beti

Alia toh paglat hai thik huaa

Ranbirs life is like a soap opera. I&#39;m curious to see who he dates next. Alia is not ready for marriage I think and should date men her own age.

Which beauty will not be seen by Ranbir because that boy's name is 
This news is fake neetu aur alia ki ma bohot acha rishtedar hai

Nice

Epic

If Ranbir Kapoor gets married only to Corona Kapoor then only he will live...
Alia deserve someone like Ranveer Singh or Vicky Kaushal. Unfortunately both are engaged. Ranbir is not upto the mark, not Alia&#39;s level, it&#39;s my believe. I think, Alia should wait, she has time to rethink, she will get some good options, where she will get the best. Rest all is destiny.

Happy to know this

Ranveer is smart, he has done something and then given it away.
Ranvir is charsi #

Aliaa's sister was also killed
Now ranbeer will cheat karishma sharma

Ranbir kapoor is a play boy he spent time n when he fed up n then gone mad,that in his blood u can&#39;t do anything about that,even alia still young she still can enjoy life

Ranbir's next target will be Urvashi Rautela.
What time is this Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt's break up news of my favorite stars this is fake news guys please inne mat hone dena alag support karo ke ye dono alag na ho friends please like this karo ye dono jaldi shadi kar leni chaiye break up nahin agar break up hona hai tho arjun kapoor and malaika arora inne dono ko alag hona chahiye inka break up hona chahiye right now tell ok
Ranbeer don&#39;t do this again and again, people ignore your talent  because of your personal life!! It really affects your films even if they have good content and performance by you!

Well we all know it was FAKE relationship, I know she loves him but he is, was and Will always be a Player

Alia Deepika Katrina can party together

What ..no
You are studying my brother
Alia made a clearly after this rumours she and rk spent the day together she posted it... yuck hope to see  this news one day

I&#39;m very happy
Tell us what year is your Christmas and what year of the year the girl is seen with this.
He left Sonam, deepika and katrina and our genius alia thinks she found true love. Seriously how could someone be this silly.

Jitna mera girl friend nahi heh utna toh Ranbeer ka ex's ho kya heh 
how about their marriage ??? LOL

I dnt kno wats the truth but one thing i can bet u all..ki ab alia ka career bahut achha ho jaega..RK usne jisko bhi dhokha diya hai sab bahut achhi jagah hai..katrina ko time lag raha but fir bhi she launchd her beuty product dnt u think this is grt start 4 her...goodluck aloo its time to shine more...cash it..

Guyz its all PR stunt...

The fun has never ended...
Ranbeer Kapoor is the corona virus of Bollywood
Good news 
Ranbir can never love anyone. Because she is a hunter of airs. He uses everyone. For your benefit.
Alia Bhatt deserves much betterPeriodtt!
Alia Bhatt deserves much betterPeriodtt!
Pr team ne krwaya sb Inki shaadi e hgi for sure
I don't believe that it has happened and I am very happy that it has happened...It's a clever dialogue of 3 idiots isn't it!!,&quot;The women's body's poor use is learned from them (Ranbeer Kapoor)..learned from them(Ranbeer Kapoor) )!!!! Chutya womanizer...
When we met each other or these girls are dancing...when we met they turned out to be unfaithful or this makes others unfaithful
Sach me
Nh yet
Well, that's how both of them looked like father and daughter.
Ex's Katrina kaifDeepikaAlia ..add more
I don't know why this happens with the rinbar every time, this is a very bad bunch of dill.
Hoga bhi toh nothing surprising

Ranbir is a bump..He is a brilliant actor but as a person he is nothing..He is never gonna get married he wants to f every actress in the industry..One day u will regret for this.Deepika, Katrina now Alia who is nextSilent Killer

Girls are so happy that now someone will come again and are waiting to know that they too will get a chance.
Ek ke sath bore ho jata hoga bechara ranbir

What comes around goes around  best Friend boyfriend 🇩🇪

I wish this news were true.i wish they broke up

East Or West Ranbir Is Best
Nooooooooooooo please

Wow

Alia love you 
Ranbir Kapoor is the Sanju of his Bollywood
God I wish this news was true
Alia looking comfortabl with varun dhawan

Ranbir Kapoor is jhonny Sins of Bollywood

There is a huge possibility that it might be for publicity for their next movie

Alia i hate  you
mujhe woh wala part <a href="">1:29</a> fun...jisme bolta hai bramhastra fek ke marunga...
Sonam katrina deepika and alia coronaRanbir sanitizer

Pr game to promote the film Just like we don&#39;t hear from kartik and sara once their movie release S

I already knew that this would happen one day
Now it's time for Shraddha
All this is being done for his upcoming movie...
He is trying to become Sanju Bhai in real life.
ACHha huwa yeh to hona hi ta gatiya ranbir
I wish That&#39;s could happen .

Thier relationship looks like that a class 12 boy dating a class 2 girl  

Very nice I hope

Thank you for playing a dirty game

I hope  its true
Yeah shadi karay isn't saying
Finally the playboy again play 

Its his choice 

Ek report ka anusar Bollywood Now channel bandh hona wala ha

Thank god . I hope it’s true . Alia will be saved !!!

Fake news

AliaKhaliaSoliaKatwalia
ohoo what's new because this year gf has changed
I hate alia

Plot twist.Ranbir is tharki sala

These people do everything to make a movie hit, this is the most common fan of relationship rumors, then you break up and then patch up again.
she is very young let her enjoy her life her way

I am happy if this news is right...

Uff finally I don&#39;t like this jodi never ever

Bhai ranbir bohut gandi bimari se marne wala he 

Ranbir ne li li honi uski ab mn bhar gya hona uska misunderstanding
Ranbir kapoor is play boy ,as expected

Very good news,Alia sjould break up with Ranbir

Alia and varun....best jodi......me to mithai batunga......ranbhir to faltu ladka hein

Oh no I don’t want to them both to break up and here  both refers to Alia and Ranbir Kapoor, I am eagerly waiting for them to get married and I really love seeing both of them together and I really think they both are made for each other and I am a fan of both of them and I wish them both all the best for their future success .

Hope this news will be true

Ranbir follow Salman khan never married

Next Ananya Pandey. Ananya Bhi Pyaar Ka Struggle Krigi
sab rk ke bare me bol rahe hai ki uska itni gf thi utni gf thi.. bhai yesa normal insan le 4 5 ex hoti hai oto fir celebrity hai .. jab tak sachai na pta ho kisi ko judge mat kro

There are no such couples
Alia ke liye Varun he best hay

That's what I thought.
I have met her for the first time, because I was looking after my sister.
If this is correct reporting...Women should stop giving Ranbir such power... women should stick together. Further more the reporting on these channels is incredibly shocking to say the least...

I am dying to see and do not understand anything. Can anyone translate please .
They are very different and not so compatable. But they are equally talented. Ranbir ko apne haal pe chod do yaar. Wo apni marzi ka malik hain. I hope this is true. Coz it will be good for them. Alia doesn&#39;t suit Ranbir.

their relationship kbhi nehi toote. tumko,bakwas bandha karo. it&#39;s not true....

Thks god Aalia bachgai

Aap Dono no.1 cuppls h. Plz don't break up. I felt very good with you both <a href="">ho.love</a> u
Now ranbeer will try for Tara sutaria  as expected news

Who is ranbir&#39;s next?? 

Hope it&#39;s true...alia deserves better
How much can this be done? If a loyal band like Deepika is not found then how will it be for anyone else?
I will be super happy if this new is <a href="">true.no</a> girl can support any girl who is so cheap to date her best friends ex boyfriend

It&#39;s her/his choice 

I just came here to have fun
Next target...Ananya Pandey
I hope this news is true!

Ranbir is a MC, you bastard
Break up ho Jaya ga to asa ha
Oh!! WoW

Baap beti ki umr k hai...........age difference s ki vjh se manage bhe nhi KR SKTY hai,,,,,,, it&#39;s Truth of Life

if its true it will be my most awaited news

Mje lag rha ha k ye news fake ha but if its true its like a dream come true
This rabbi is a fool..
This is a breakup at my party, everyone will not throw their hands to corona virus will fail
Yeh toh hona hi tha...Ranbir is a casanova

One thing the society is not talking about is whether people are happy or sad with the breakup of Alia and Ranbir, then why are they commenting? Why are they commenting on being happy? You are happy. If you are sad please comment.
it his choice

“Bollywood ke sabse popular love birds” bilkul nahi he  they were always in the wrong. No one is supposed to date her best friends boyfriend.

Fake news

Ranbir is a Casanova..  Expected news...  He already cheated Katrina n deepika..  N many more to come

Why you people  always  spread  negativity  about  them and their relationship  ????

Ye to hona hi tha bevkuf aalia

Yeh toh Hona hi tha  good

It&#39;s his choice

But I hope this news is real

This is Neha Dhupia's plan.....
Before doing breakup Ranbir do a film with his gf. Like did Bachna e hasino with deepika then breakup, did jagga jasoos with katrina then breakup &amp; now Alia. Thank that Katrina &amp; Deepika has saved their career from getting ruined. Ab tumara kiya hoga Alia?

Great news......I'm soooo happy...mai bhi chati thi ..bcs alia and varun best jodi
hona hi tha

I don't believe. As soon as Alia and Ranbir do not bolt, there will be no doubt about this matter.
To get publicity for their upcoming movie ‍️
Rumours hen ye sab 

Corona k liye Leave liya

Rumour

It&#39;s for promotion

Very good, very good, this is where Aliya or Ranbir will be, what should we give to people with less character?
Atleast brahmastra release tak toh breakup ni hone wala...

They  both are super in every way but don’t suit each other. I hope they stay as good friend and act as grown up. Please don’t make drama out of this ok .  Love both ️

Randi kapoor 
Mujy phly e pta ta ya chor dy ga es ko hhhh ranbir bolywod ki horein k st tst chk kr ra ha kbi dbka kbi cat kbi ali ab nxt pta nai kn o gi
Good

Fake news

Congratulations kat

How to eat, what to eat.
He done it again use and throw.....

Mughe laga me hi happy hu inlog ke breakup se but yha to sab happy 

Khush hun
Partyyy.. am soo happy.. sala thik huq

yeshhh,,yeah b.c Ranbir kapoor he is chutiya or us se badi chutiya girls ,, ???
Fake

Bas isi ka intezzar tha 

Am the happiest prsn on earth w8 now

Even if we don't break up, we will continue to do so.
Thank god if this is real news about their break up I&#39;m soooooo happy .finally my wish will come true .. it&#39;s expected from ranbir ..

Ranbir or shaddi..haaa...haaa...haaa..was waiting for the breakup..but they look cute together...

Pata tha.. yahi hone vala hai.. Kat gya didi ka.. I never wanted Alia to date him.. because she&#39;s my fav. And ranbir is tharki

Ranbir is a real player 

I&#39;m so happy 
Why is it like this every year GF changes
Corona virus is coming soon 
Ranbir ne jis bhi actress ke sath relationship kiya he wo super star ban gayi he toh next star on the way

Sab kuch pata hotey vi relationship meh kyu rahi alia  such a dumboo..

me tho ehi chati thi

why is it like this
It was just a &#39;PR STUNT&#39;

Bkwass channel k bakwass episodes





1st viewer!
