I don&#39;t understand why they act like as They are here all because of us 

All these motherfucking actors consider themselves God and they don't care.
What was the matter Salman discussing there with jacckyy

the only person who handled the media question with dignity and  respect was ranbir kapoor , rest all behave as if they are  angles fallen from heaven and they are god and too big to be asked such silly questions. and rani was the worst she didnt even have the humbleness to listen to the question and was just trying to avoid answering question which was so relevant seeing that actresses were just a show peace in movies which the media guy politely refered to as achar , one side ingredient  in a thali of films and she could have answered by saying that  she is trying to make a difference in this industry but she choose to humiliate  the media guy  , shame on rani and kajol both sisters are good at manipulating answers and  avoid the real  question. i guess what these actors dont realize is that they are insulting the  very people  who are responsible for putting  roti on their table . I am sure they must have learnt their lessons after pandemic what  a public is capable of ,off course their are exceptions like ranbeer , joh ebrahim  etcc... and today thanks to youtube that even a common man has become celebrity which is a big threat to the career of such arrogant celebrities

MR SUMIT FOREVER STAYS IN OUR HEARTS 

The bloody media is so damn annoying, Why do they ask such silly and dumb questions???!!!

Priyanka Chopra voice is amazing 

Can anyone say anything to Salu?
Abhishek just has one leg of his father and other of wife.He doesn&#39;t know acting at all.

Well Muhammad kissed Aisha.
If any reporter has read my comment then brother please have a request, please share it with Jaya once.
Pc did nicely cover it though...Bcz everyone knows what&#39;s happening b/w her n sharukh...

BAN ALL ACTORS WHO DON&#39;T RESPECT THE AUDIENCE. If they are just actors, let them act in movies and stay at home; do not participate in public shows. Audience treats them as demi-Gods, but in return, actors are slapping their fans without any empathy. Ridiculous!

Could someone explain the context and what was spoken in the second clip with the lady and Deepika and Arjun?

Priyanka Chopra 
Sabzi khaney wale log ka baat hee aisa hota hai

Eh

tu yi show biz mai kion hain if they want to be private  shhhh so arrogant

Godi Media 
Sharukhs keep Deepika is also there...

I would say come on they are humans, they can&#39;t be sweet everytime. Media too should behave keeping privacy of people

The video should be called media&#39;s ugly fights with bollywood stars, because its the media that entices the fights, like salman said &#39;I&#39;ll say something, you&#39;ll understand something, someone else will add something and this small thing will become big, this is what the media does, the actors entertain us and the media spoil it all

These are the people India worships Shame!The rudest ones, are Shahrukh Khan,  Deepika, Rani Mukerji who very rudely kept on concentrating on Achaar and also named the reporter Achaar ...that was very silly. ..Finally of course, Miss Jaya  Badhari , she always thinks she&#39;s smarter than the world!!Salman Khan was patient...ived up to his nameShahrukh Khan should do the same he is too sarcastic..

the way by Abhishek helped SRK to roast Sumit was &quot;Bro Code&quot;

them purposely  bringing srk in priyanka&#39;s context is so cheap

Oh yes!! Not fair! First of all he was not being treated with respect when he comes for certain shows etc or any such thing, he is always moved to back seat by saying “ here other actors are to be seated” ‍️ what the hell? HEK in the industry then? Poor guy never Do you know Abhishek has to put his foot down and be aggressive Who is ABHISHEK then? Why isn’t he being given that importance?? Smarten up you people like farah mani karan johar etc!!!

what did the lady say to deepika and arjun that they got furious?

Priyanka did it right.

Rubbish.
Big Egos Small minds definition of a actor

BOLLYWOOD MEDIA IS SO CRINGE.. I NOTICED

Achar ji<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/KsIfY6LzFoLM6AKanYDQAg"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/KsIfY6LzFoLM6AKanYDQAg"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/KsIfY6LzFoLM6AKanYDQAg"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/KsIfY6LzFoLM6AKanYDQAg"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/KsIfY6LzFoLM6AKanYDQAg"></a>
I like Ranbir&#39;s response 
This movie is not make in dubai, this moviei. Is bad movie they are greedy  to make much easy m oney on poor peoples in india.

media sucks in India. let the actors live peacefully

<a href="">12:57</a> 

In India, there&#39;s a prevailing perception that celebrities believe they possess everything, yet the truth is that it&#39;s the public who propels their popularity. In reality, they often function as puppets within an industry solely focused on financial gain. This contrasts with many other countries where actors don&#39;t adopt such an entitled attitude towards the public.

Thats y i hate those fool fukin media

What did the journey asked Deepika

Priayanka is just awesome 

dogs are hungry
PC love ️
What exactly was the question deepika was asked?

I don&#39;t have any sympathy for the stars, TBH.  They know what they are getting into.

Context about Deepika??

Pehele toh Yeh log media ke piche bhag reh ta hai ki usko cover kare lekin baad me media uske piche bhag te reh te hai aur wo log irritate bhi ho jate hai.. Without media wo log ke bare hum logo ko pata bhi nehi chelega

Salman said it very well but many nautankis and online trolls would go on with utter rubbish. Also I&#39;ve noticed that hindi journalists are the most rude bunch ever! Recently saw these rude jerks being rude to south indian actors too!

Srk Nail it 

This Randi market is this Mumbai film industry
Madarchod, this is the question of the press people, bring out those people who did not agree with you, what did your father do?
Salman rocked
Jaya Bachchan ji has a different swag. When you look at her, she looks stunning. How would Big B Sahab bear it?
This is all scripted 

Why is this Ugllly fight scene visible, who has seen it here or why I have not seen it?
Abhishek comic timing

Khan movies should be boycott. Go to pkistan and Aganistan

Rani`s fantastic reply

What ugly fights? Reporters were pulling their tongues.

Sonu is super Hero of Bollywood️️️
salman tera baap bishnoi hai
Rani very good reply...
Xd 

jaya bacchans honest emotions while dealing with media bullies is whole moode

Media should learn some manners show some respect to celebrities Really media is disgusting towards actos

Priyanka chopra super

Only Priyanka good human being

Idiots all actors actresss here on this channal u r showing 

This is not UGLY FIGHT WITH MEDIA, this is STARS FIGHT WITH UGLY MEDIA...

Those who earn money by showing their body are seen by the public and their bread is spoiled and the question was raised, what are you doing by banning and what are you giving knowledge about.
Bollywood guys are no match for all the actors and actresses of South Indian films
Tukde tukde gang ki heroine aa gayi gala fadne!!
Look within yourself, Arjun!What happened to Sridevi/Sushant/Disha etc. etc.

Buddhe ko Buddha hi to bolenge!!&quot;Jawan&quot; movie banayega to Jawan ban jayega?Haqlate rahega aur log tujhe &quot;actor&quot; samajhne lagenge?You are dumber than we thought!!!

Nice accent  pure circus   show
We will do. That&#39;s promise of GOD OR ALLAH OR BHAGAWAN

You movies are bloody pro and giggalow

You know what you did . But bloody fuckers

You are not hero of Iindia but bloody you are one of villain of India

Bollywood actresses are more arrogant

<a href="">1:18</a> is the best scene of this video 

Stupid people asking stupid questions

bruh all have shit personalities fr

These Reporters have no self worth, the Bollywood people treat them like shit and yet they lick their shoes

SRK handles it well..

bhaad
These sales are here from our face but no one will see them, all of them will be in the trash.
Jackie shorff looks taller and more in good shape than sallu

Bollywood now = drugs ka adda

Deepika dancing, showing shameless color pati dancing
last but not least. no. 10 Annabelle doll

Yeh indian paparazzi chutiya hai, they deserve it.

Almost all of the actors dealt with the media and took the situation really smoothly!

Aaise logo ki mandli khud ki lal karne wale......unproductive

Seeing Arjun Kapoor, my future dictated darkness to me.
How stupid is that reporter askin so stupid questions to srk

What a low life filmi journalists are? Asking stupid, senseless and provoking questions.

I didn’t like rani’s behaviour She was so mean to that reporter for no reason

Jaya has no sense
What exactly that lady asked to Dipika? Soubd is not cleeared ?

Achar nai banna hai to answer dona uska sidha. Achar toh hohi tum bollywood walo.

This country belongs to your father, what are you saying?
Sari pole khul gai bollywood vali ki

Media comments bad words and misleading information about them and when they react, records them in their camera just earn money through creating sensation. If they put camera on themselves, who will watch their videos...

Any sub? Don&#39;t know Indian. But I love drama. 

media deserves it lol
Fake people

<a href="">9:02</a>

These Bollywood actors are either arrogant or they are TRP driven.In both cases they are a shame to the society.

bhai main to bolti aise pagal pagal media ko cancel kro yaar kyunki ye be faaltu ka koi bhi sawaal puchte h aur batmizi bhi krte h

SRK needs to mend his ways.

Salman Bhai, what stand are you guys talking about??
Intane bede vivad ho gaye or main ab jake 2023mai dekh rahu hu ।
These people are so full of themselves. They are arrogant and so annoying at the same time. And when they talk, damn, so much more annoying. Please calm down. You are simply entertainers, nothing more.

what was the statement she made to deepika and arjun??? could&#39;nt make out what she was saying

This behaviour of Indian actors I don&#39;t like but  i like BTS, because they thought without their friends they are nothing. They don&#39;t insult their fans .

Media over smarting sometimes
<a href="">18:22</a> epic respect ++

SrK and Priyanka 

Bellwood wale sare dikhawe Karte hai so be real and successful   love your parents not an actresses

<a href="">16:11</a> bc wtf is this????! It should be said on the face that it is very good, it is not at all much better than us... Evry1 has there opinion, now someone has given the film &quot;BOHT&quot; Will you take it????
Try everything and then choose the right one...For Deepika Padukone 
<a href="">3:08</a>  what was the deepika fight i did not understood can any one expln me ?

Can anyone tell me whether the question being asked is a boy or a girl??
Jaya bachan is correct why don’t  you put on inrelevant question to her… I think media ke owner ko Iraq bhejna padega….media Pagal kardeti hai mai to inko maa ki behen kr du ….I have everything and media sala culprit hai… let them free. Unki apni bhi life h

Rani ki Achar!!!!  Uffffff God!!!!! 
Shahrukh hon we all love Vasya Uzbekistan Khorezm
Ahhhhh mediaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!

Salman&#39;s way of handling ques is far far good than srkk.. srk is cunning diplomatic period

Nobody&#39;s there as prabhas ...calm person such a darling in entire world cine industry...love u darling he is genuinely Darling he wins every ones heart

Priyanka ️
my anxiety level 
Video topic should be &quot;ugly media&quot;

Why Deepika angry for. Please explain anyone?

I slapped the media and gave it the name of ugly fights. Well done 
The reporters ask absurd kind of questions but when they get correct replys for this then they cal it ugly fightN write ugly fight with mediaI didn&#39;t find anything ugly

Parineeti 

These many actors have come here because of the public.
<a href="">

mediaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I like the style of ua word saying GAYE hue te...!! Is sounds like GAY hote h...!! 

Dude Indian journalists are just something else.The level of audacity and entitlement they have is astronomical

There shud be a law where actors can file case for verbal defamation or something likethat especially on media. And for their unrelated questions how stupid are these people

Salman khan right.... Kuch kehenge kuch uthalenge fir kuch likhenge .... Sharukh Khan... Kabhi jhagda nhi karte bas media jeise bolta o aise ans dete haiDeepika Padukone... Ko jeise dabal pucha o thik nhi tha

Bollywood actress says that her curse will come on her father...
Can someone translate what the first reporter said?

No matter what kind of actor Arjun Kapoor is, he is a gentleman. He really comforted Deepika and took a stand for her

What answer has Salman given this year
Why media always take advantage of our fundamental right of Freedom Of Expression

What did the media say to Deepika in the 2nd clip? The world is no more
what was the deepika padukone thing i didnt undersatdn

Bollywood Actors UGLY FIGHTS with Media | Deepika Padukone, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan &amp; Others

Deepika ko vo journalist kya hai rhi hai hai nii dera anybody plz tell me
Deepika Padukone was right. Anger justified

What was question for deepika..?

These news wale hi chutiye hhhh
Srk
Priyanka looks like Bangladeshi Cricketer Shak Mahedi with that hairstyle

Jaya Sahi Jaadhi Hai
The best reaction was of Vivek Oberoi. He ignored him with so much ease.

So I told you that my friend has come.
Jaya looks like gabbar singh
There was a salmon on the spot...someone's uncle, someone's daddu.
Corona and boycott have shown the real extent of this so called celebrity... I am asking for blessings please watch the video of us...
What is the problem in kaafi achhi ???I did not get it

Jaya is best 
Rani&#39;s answer was crap

Salman became Kartik Aaryan and delivered a monologue

Celebrities behave arrogantly when they are asked questionsThen they get desperate when no one watches their movies

These so called actors and actresses are full of themselves! And Indian people still worship them because they are rich and have a wealthy lifestyle however do not contribute to the Indian economy tackling poverty or buidling charities but are selfish. There are educated and uneducated people in India but then it is fate too! The rich are rich and the poor are poor!!!! I would not give them my attention in a lifetime because that is what they want fame! attention! I have seen youtubers who are British or European who help the Indian poor people more than these so called rich people! They are rude and disrespectful because shows that they are people &#39;&#39;just like us&#39;&#39; but with more fame and money!

Thank you social media that at least we have brought the truth of all these scoundrels to the public, how they bark and bite, the rest of the media too, don't show it, no one wants to see these examples.
media vale bhaht gandee log he jo huva ho vo or jo gujar gayi vo baat bhi , puchte he 

The media that even goes to the streets seems to be moving  look at yourself.
Jaya is right but people think she gets mad at media for no reason but its always for a reason

Akshay Kumar 
Only Akshay Kumar 
Yeh media wale chutiye hain specially yeh social media wale

What was the conversation in the 2nd clip between Deepika, Arjun and the female reporter ?

Rani

Ye media wale kuch bhi puchate h lol

Aisa Kyu likha Hai kiBollywood actors Fight with Media Aisa bhi to likha ja Sakta Hai ki When Media Irritating Bollywood actors 

SRK&#39;s presence of mind...

Wt was the question for deepika by lady?

This is not bollywood but nepotism world...
pc and dp
No oneeeee can ever beat SRKs humour 

Priyanka Chopra is classy beyond imagination! 

I really hate medias and publics they are overreacted 

did u noticed when salman bhai kisses jaqline ,she was blushing and feeling shy

media bhn ke lodi content worthy h thu indian media
What Jaya ma&#39;am said is absolutely sensible and correct.

It should be named actors fight with UGLY  media

Salman is great than saruk

Main to party kar rahi thi mujhe kutte ne bulaya bol bhau bhau bhau bhau bhau….main to the mouth but kar rahi thi Birthday celebs 
Salman Khan is awesome to handle 
What was the fight about in deepika and the reporter lady clip??

Seriously 

Jaya my favorite 
What was the question to deepika in second video?

But even journalists do not see poverty, bakeries, inflation, livelihood, slums, and they run after those who insult and kick them... Only TRP?
Many people in India are worshiping false Hindu God created by humans. This is why many people have various types of demonic evil spirits like hatred, jealousy, ego etc. People in India should read the Hindi Holy Bible and accept the spirit of Lord Yeshua into their hearts, so that God can lift them up and make them like a star. , and the Spirit of Lord Yeshua can save, heal and help them in their time of need.
media khud pagalo wale sawal kr rhe h

Abishek bacchan answers b like kanye's
Salman wasted 6 minutes
abhishek and priyanka 

What is Deepika Padukone talking about? Can anyone please tell?

Rani Mukherjee 
Media
Deepika is here
<a href="">18:12</a>

18:9

18.9

Priyanka is clever….you want to create a show where you don't want anything 
Justice for SSR 🇮🇳🇮🇳
Ranbeer Kapoor says media is free but they can't stop terror on us.
srk says you have come here to make me drink too
Deepika mam getting angry
rani is really acting like stupid get mature rani

SRK is so effortlessly cool and funny ️

Bollywood is against hindus

SRK 
No no no just do oppression you will get more likes 
Sumit fan club
Learn from South industry

Arrogance 

They are also human.

Who should the media boycott? What happened to Kashi Ram? The gentleman is listening to the city's language.
rani mukherjee, deepika ,parneeti shown their unnecessary ego whereas reporters were really mean with srk and prikayanka

Jaya bachchan
Atleast  bollywood  has guts to face press,forget modi

Priyanka won
Srk destroy the media

Haha achar ji ???
Bollywood walo. Hava main mat udo. Logic naam ki bhi cheej hoti hai  Jo Bollywood walon ke paas nahi hai. Ek koi achi film banao saalo. Thak gaye hai hum apke Stupid and Meaningless Movies dekhke. Tumse ache Movies to tollywood waale banate hai. Such worst time for Bollywood that they don&#39;t have time to change there thinking. Salman Khan and Shahrukh Khan both are hopeless and idiot once Jo aaisi gandi gandi Movies Banate hai. Bollywood Walo, Science ko na bholo

Underworld don sai inki gand fatt ti hai waha sai passa ata hai is liya nhi bolte.

<a href="">7:20</a>

Lawrence Bishnoi ko clip bhejo bhai  (majak hai bro tu serious na ho )

Some celebrities just win the heart

The question asked to parineeti was really stupid and idiotic

<a href="">#BanSalmanKhan</a>
This journalist is confident
Aanchar pe bichar
Reporters... Fuck of

Actors actresses ne bohat acha reply kia in reporters ko

What was the reporter asking to Deepika Chopra

subtitles would be great.

Bhosdi ke gandu dubai bund den gaye c. Sale fukkry nashedi hai sbhi ke sbhi. Thodi maa di fuddi bollywood waleo. Tusi ta khatm aa. South is the best and all the artist are very good.

Y suddenly Bollywood fights ???? What happened???

Maybe he was thinking you can celebrate in idia instead of going Dubai Indians will enjoy to see you all ...

Media reporters go to personal they said right as well...

attitude.. Dekon yar... Chee
The actual shit Priyanka just nail it she is like one of the savage

Salman khan best yaar
Media, no matter what country, is classless. Don’t make the actors look bad in these videos, laugh at the “reporters” and “journalists” asking stupid questions and acting like they own the place.

UAE 
<a href="">2:25</a>

Media kutte ki doom hote hai.

I&#39;m Arab from Yemen, wish I could understand Hindi 

Can yall make this with english lyrics.

Srk.. these celebrations seem to be the attitude these people are showing to the public like a fool… from the perspective of the normal public, these celebratory activities look like a languid thing. Inka chuttiya sala SRK.
The media only wants to drink, but it is a mistake…..
I started to think that the media is nothing but an annoying stuff!

The man in the blue shirt is right to say, My driver will drive the car, he will praise you, you will feel that I am pushing you on the footpath.. this does not happen brother.
Who do media want to go into these actor&#39;s asses? Like, ask like they are working people bro, not like some culprits waiting to be questioned.

Salman kiss Jacqueline so sweet 


<a href="">13:02</a>

Sk srk are the best

Abhishek bacchan 

a really handsome man,,

Dirty media, nice that celebs give befitting reply

Useless log
Rani mukerji ka kafi funny scene tha

Rani kills it ... achaar vale vichaar
seriously .. these guys can call bad names to Indians for being an Indian then turn around and say &quot;omg journalists are very mean&quot; the Nepotism bandwagon Khans and lickass of Dubai.. threatning and over reacting. Only Shahid Kapoor has the guts and clarity to aknowledge nepo issue  Celebs have crossed all lies of decency - not with Dharma not with Bhaarat not even a basic human who does NOT treat people on streets as &quot;garbage&quot; Audiences have forgotten these murder nd Dubai human trafficking incidents?? Sexy Radha and Flirt fraud Krishna is Ok nothing disturbing and Raavan is a Hero.. lolzz..  G*<b>*</b> banadiya hai Hindus ka..

Ye chutiya log ko dekhney se  dussa lagta hai i really hate Bollywood movie

celebs are also human yrr. gussa to aayega hi agar bakwash questions puchoge wo bhi camera ke samne

Rani ne to bolti band kardi

Hahah

Reporters ask questions as if they were born from their moms ass

Rani mukharji 
Ye sabh  ke sabh  harami  hain  Bollywood wale  dramebaz

Jaya bachan is a shit



These reporters deserve this bashing.

What question did the reporter ask Dipika Arjun that he did not understand?
<a href="">16:45</a> At first, you ask a disgusting question and then you say &quot;Aree yaar&quot; as if you&#39;re being annoyed. I mean how dare he say that actresses are achaar. Can he even act? Does he know how hard it is to act well? 

The woman who questioned Abhishek should be fired from her job. Didn&#39;t she learn manners at school? What did she do all this while during her childhood? Eating grass? 

Average Indian journalism 
But somehow jaya bachan’s attitude is perfect. For the media  and i think she is just staright forward and not rude

Salman talks more to Shahrukh
Don&#39;t mass with srk ️️️
Idiot question and idiot you 
Deepika ko kya pucha tha journalist ne

Always show the questioners face also,then they won&#39;t ask idiotic questions

I bet this channel has never seen real ugly fights.

bhai phele khud kuch bhi bolte he or bollywood ko bura bolte he

Shahrukh is doing this again as if he is doing a favor by respecting the reporters, he also does his bit.
Hindi film industry is the weakest right now, if we want to increase our market share again then we will have to bring in original scriptwriters, now after the lockdown people will understand who wrote the original scripts and who wrote the remake scripts, they will write this Ghatiya film but make it. Now make the original, you will soon find yourself in the bahar lote of Varna Film City, and you will be able to ask for money even after selling a taali.
Where do these people come from, why do they do this, who kills them, do they go through any kind of trouble to earn money, the conscience of these people, humanity is all dead.
Why is that guy upset that people are going to dubai does he have any business which is affecting him 

Jaya Bachchan born to make every interaction ugly !!

I won’t ever see any of these peoples movies.

Priyanka slayed mannn
Koch has also asked questions on his blog.
I agree with salman

Arjun bhaiya , jitna attitude isme haina aapka , usi level ke expression movies me Diya Karo . We would love to see .

Jaya bacchan is soooooo much arrogant

अचार्जी
SRK AUR BOLLYWOOD WAALO KO UNKI AUKAT MALUM HONI CHAHIA. UNKO JANTA KEE ZARURAT HAI. JANTA KO UNKO NAHI.

The dog does not want to eat the father 
SSR never fight with someone he is a true gem 

SRK friend 
Prinitee Chopra finding midea 
All the actresses are drugged, this is what I am talking about, my friend.
ssiy sss∂
Who said this today, Sharukh has become a Buddha and now he lives on his hidden pension.
Brother who broke up with SRK, he is really drunk, I don't know myself, what is he asking or what is he asking?
<a href="">14:31</a> no but that&#39;s really mean of her for saying that to parineeti

Modi ji should come to such a press conference.
Why are you going to Dubai? It's such a bad question, what is your money?
U can mess with anybody but never srk..bap ke sat mat khelna

Media is motherchod

These fellows goto dubai and do gangbang for days

Abi sharukh khan wanted to win the election of 2024, the prime minister said that the result would have been good.
The biggest attitude he has towards women is in my eyes. What is he so proud of? Are you a superstar of India? No one eats this much, madam. You have made yourself a star, no one knows who has made you a star, so you have to keep this attitude. I saw you live, that's why I said it. Whose meaning will you fall into this niche?
Sauth movi vest h

Tu Tu Tera Baap kya mullo ke sakar hain?
Bolly wood actress  poore hidustan ke aullad ko barbad kar dya shame on you

Pathan will see young suckling children, not seeing it is bad, Pathan is good.Action hai
Pm dogla cm nastik
See how respectfully he is talking to you and look at Sharukh Khan, how rudely he is talking to you. It is the heat of money that these people are talking to you and your children.
These people don&#39;t have a conscience they got lots of money they don&#39;t need anymore poor Hindus made them rich showing us disrespect

This media is of no use. There is nothing to increase TRP.
Hero heroine bohut achhe se vach ke bat kiye hain......

Where did the cameras always come from and what did they want....
Rani mukherji
Very nice

Rich people whining...

All handled well

Bullywood Boycott

khan.ko.mere.mobail.par.nhi.ana.chahiy
The artist should only be asked about his art, not about his personal life.
If we look at the language, none of them know Hindi or English well, that is why they use the language in a slangy manner, these are the children of the convent.
Are these reporters retarded?

Wha re chutiye anchor srk.ko. Priyanka will overcome you, who made you a blind reporter?
Hero is divided into the middle of this cat.
Buddha knows what you are?
Paise waste karne

What should I say to the media to tame SRK?
Sari charbi nikal gayi...
<a href="">15:52</a>Rani mukherjee scared lol

Don&#39;t want to here&amp;see Bolliwood gang

This is what Randi is doing for money. Or will Randi do this in our life, that is, one person will not be able to make money or one person will earn money by eating naked..my..India.. Hail great Hindu emperor of my country Jai Shree Ram 
Don't beat these dancing people too much , talk to Sahrukh Tamiz, you are a Muslim 
Bollywood is doomed after Dawood's boys. Here today India has woken up, Dawood's boys and Bollywood have made a huge contribution to the sport of terrorism in Kashmir. 


India has known Khan as a drug dealer. Bollywood would not be in this condition today if Dawood's sons were not born here.
Bycot Bollywood gang
This video has waited by 2hours of time and I am fed up boycott srk

All bollywood lfers

Kanjr log ha ya sub kanjriya
Bollywood Is totaaly waste no manner they knows

Inlogo kp apne sar pe chadana bnd kr do..... In sb ko bhaav mt do jaise imhe dekh hi n rhe ho

1 mnt dekha maine bsBut yaar in Gazedi,Nasedi, Nepotistic, hypocritic logo ko celebrity smjhna bnd kr do plz... Army,  Farmer,  scientists like this... Ye log hmare hero aur celebrity honi chahiye.

Why boycot this is reason

Queen, you are a very bastard. Di
How many doubts are there?
Salman got the ball from Ranaldo
Bring the bone to you
Priyanka is very positive person

Indian media are  ugly

Good questions
This wisdom has come out of the house to make it known to the media and the public. Ehh ajj ka bat nahi job se media aya se tab se
Are you crazy when you make a film in Hindi, do it in Hindi?
Hopeless media.. Focus on the national issues not to these bloody useless celebrities...

It&#39;s not ugly fight, mostly they are responding the way it should be. Just put yourself in their shoe and you will realise that some questions doesn&#39;t relate and you may too lose balance

It is necessary to boycott such people and it is necessary to give them equal importance, because the people have brought them to this place, they do not deserve their respect. A beggar will beg for sale on the road.
Priyanka is the best in handling media. She is very smart with her answers. Without getting frustrated she hit it back with  a smile and sensible answers.

When your annoying relatives ask about your grades during a family function Me: <a href="">18:34</a>

Indian media are  terrible...i would have behaved in a more terrible way ... celebrities have  lot of patience

Thank you Sunu Ji
Hhhhhhhjjjjhoooooooo
rani
Note:-you wasted your 20.33 minutes

Rani handled it so well :)

SRK isnt very easy to be offended by the media 

The bully media sometimes forget their limits u have to right to ask questions only related to the movies only no personal or no taunts Indian media 

These movies, TV serials, actresses, actors and cricketers, these leaders warn everyone. I don't show any attitude to the public otherwise everyone will fall from the sky to the world.
Bro salman in the first but tho the way he was like I will not sponsor your channel and kept saying mommy

Yaar woh dubai ja rahe hai toh kya hoya

YE HAKHLA SHAHRUKH KITNI JALDI BHADAK JATA HAI.

What is this Chutyapa In the media

Priyanka ️
<a href="">#BoycottPatthan</a>

Raani behaviour not good chhhiiiii
What&#39;s the matter with Deepika???

Reporters should be jailed.
These people are talking about India by going to Dubai.
Indian Media is so so stupid.... low minded people

Media

Ye press wale in actoroko itna bhav kyu dete hai yar pta nhi..

SRK- This meeting is your father's, so ask the question Reporter- No, it is your father's and your father is the main one 
Infact media can ask good question. Unessarry, irrevelwnt question not good for them to ask... Ethics required for some reporter...

Media are headache

Arjun Kapoor also overacted 
Title should be Chutiya media

Parineeti has the stinkiest armpits in whole Bollywood.

Hahaha..  Change titals..

Media deserving...
Sometimes media wale dew p k aa jate h shyd ...itna b toofani sahi nai
Go.i.
Media shouldn&#39;t mess with Indian actors and actresses

Na    kar

Srk not fighting he reply with swag aur uski bejjati bhi

When one becomes famous they also lose their freedom

What she said to Deepika??

Dipika always cried like she used to make me.
this type of journalism is also required to know whether they deserve to be a public figure or not. If they want that position they have to go through the googly public throw at them and handle it in a proper way.

btw what was the reporters que to which deepika got angry

Very nice comments
Parson Right OR Rong Questions RightTimeThat !!! (A, T. Z;)

Dnt wanna see this fat kid fed up of him trying to stay relevant except from being relevant in movie beside being an actor this son of boney kapoor. Why is he even in movie industry this doesn&#39;t make even sense

SSR

Sir, after seeing what was happening, I found out that he was drunk and then I wouldn't have talked to him if Salman Khan had killed me.
Jaya to beef khayi ho iska to buddhi dimag s chutiya ho?
Ssr ke liye justice mrenge y sb bhu
What the hell is going on with the reporter keep asking srk srk with priyanka. Srk only having affairs with juhi chawla since 90s until now they are still lover, there is nothing between srk priyanka. Yes priyanka did tried to seduced srk but srk rejected her, that&#39;s why he stopped contacts with priyanka. Srk already having affairs with juhi since 90s he has no time for other woman. Srk juhi true love, soon srk will marry juhi.

Even the rich people run away from the media, they have also watched the videos of the poor people, that is why they listen to them.


Ya lokanchya yach vagnya mule industry bhik magayla lagli
Put the right title liars  These people are crossing their line. Pata nehi media wale kya samajhtehe apne apko 

Priyanka is witty

Brainless media

News channel maderchut ha
Who will tell Deepika the question, what was asked and the media did not tell anything.
Find 
salman literally ended all the paps

Faraha and srk bechare

What type of media are the questions?
Tashi was right media question It is like asking that whoever runs will die. And among the STARS people become black.
Handsome man 
Wolfenstein Gameplay: <a href="">
I love Salman Khan for his honesty.

Shahrukh is very rude, why did he say such a thing, what is your father's problem?
Why am I talking about Salman Khan? His ass is getting fat in brother's name.
Wolfenstein Gameplay : <a href="">
Man should never be proud, no matter how much he achieves, he must always fear Allah.
This was epic <a href="">6:28</a> 

Rani ki toh ga..d hi faad di is bhai ne toh.Personal questions should be ignored but these type of questions which are necessary for the society should not be ignored but titi hi fat gayi ra..d ki tohGood job aachar papad.

whats the backstory of the 2nd clip? i see it everywhere and still don&#39;t know what happened or what was happening

selmon bhai ya to aap bhi hi sarcastic he ya toh me hi chutiya hu jo kuch smjh nhi aya
Stupid media walla

Abhishek Bachchan 

Fukin Bollywood actors thinking too high of themselves  pshhtttt

Salman Khan love you ️
Why deepika got angry ?? I didnt got it

Tu kar ke kisi se bhi bolna is not good. Pehle ke actors sabse tamiz se baat karte the. Tu tu karne wale zyada aa gaye hai industry me

Oh god what a bad media India has 
Where did you say sir?
Abhishek is best

Bollywood ka the END RIP Bollywood

This is the best time to Destroy Bollywood movie Mafia ORGANIZATION FOREVER

Boycott is just a small step the ultimate goal should be to DESTROY BOLLYWOOD MOVIE MAFIA ORGANIZATION FOREVER

Saruk is always the Biggest arsehole on stage

This is the best time to Destroy Bollywood movie Mafia ORGANIZATION FOREVER

This is the best time to DESTROY THIS BOLLYWOOD MOVIE MAFIA ORGANIZATION FOREVER

You, the media wala, are talking about you because of SRK or you are doing SRK tu-tu....this is how Bollywood creates the show.
King of bollywood Salman khan love

Pls can anyone tell what did the media say in Deepika wali clip???????
What these are.... Boycott Karo...don&#39;t interview them..they thrive on our money.

I love you

Media asks anything stupid in the motive of seeking opportunities for any controversy to happen.

&quot;Queen&quot; sunto lijiye 16.50...... bhai wah..!! She is your queen..
Seriously what the hell is going on..   media.    Such bullshit

Yeah stupid media
What Deepika is angry about?.. couldn&#39;t hear properly.. can anyone ans??

Jaya Bachchan was awesome

Can anyone translate Priyanka Chopra reply to media pls..

salman savage
The ass of all the Bollywood stars jumps whenever someone tells the truth. I am of my father's age and still call myself a hottie and those people too are hotties who follow them. Which hottie bande follows?
Indian Media bullshit Media
You should answer for the questions gentle way. Remember Celebrity,  you become celebrity because of the normal people.You most of the hindi actors or actor speak like idiots. Salman is big fraud Indians dont be stupid to run after this idiot Hindi actors, actor, etc.

Every journalist or indian media ask such stupid question so that celebrities can make controversy...nd they will get masalaHate krna hai to media ko kroo why to hate actors yrrrr.....star kid ko hate krte hooo they don&#39;t say media ki hrr jgh mere picheee aao  or agr wo achaaa rxm nhi dete then unme bhot attitude hai...blame media not celebrities

Women nowdays ask very controversial questionn......
Jackline is common sex selves of all muslim actors of bollywood

Media should also be sensible in what they ask...   They can&#39;t irritate someone or involve into others personal, just because they are celebs..

Questions Sahi kiya wese
Press media wale unki kaut ## jaisi haiBhav bhav bhav
Me p.m hota to ..ye ghamandi ..actress ko nanga nachavata
Indian media is so much Zaleel tareen media in all over the world

What was deepika being asked about?

They all are fake,hypocrite n material of plastic whether star or journalist.

Can anyone explain me about deepika and Arjun kapoor clip ? I didn&#39;t understand

<a href="">

This is the status of bollywood, these people are showing their status to everyone, they are telling people that this is a bitch and a bitch, this is a dog's whip.
With due respect Rani ji jbrjsti hai hai?? Kafi acha hai toh kafi acha hai hai toh bolega agar jbrdjst super say bhi upar hai toh super say bhi upar hai he toh bolega na
Bollywood finished now.

Ssr ki hay lage gi saari film flop jeeyeege
What a Nice speech salman bhai ️ love you

The way reporters asking questions i think thik krte h celebrity inke sth inko ignore krke

Great smile  <a href="">#arjun</a> kapoor
Now to and half years taare Zameen per

I hate almost all actors

Hey queen, have you understood yourself, I said a lot to you that I felt bad, you are forcing me to say something, I did not like your movie but still you said a lot, I had to speak on your face and made a movie. Tune in till the sun is shining and I will sleep at night.
Watch the films of these scoundrels, they are dead...a lot of charades have been sung.
Super Salman sir

Salman Khan
No matter how much you talk to Shahrukh saying 'you', he talks only according to 'you'.
ye jaya bchhn bhot zyda buri h isk chere par hi crime dikhta h bloody sushants k murdere h ye sare khans or sab Bollywood wale kangna ne stand lia tha mgr lgta h wobhi bik gyi tbhi jake milgyi jail show me sabse yogi Bhai ne bnato dia up me waha akar banaye film city me noida me.. mumbi m kyu h ab ummid na thi kangna se esi

Aur ye sab hamare wajah se hae

These are all genuine faces whom we consider the heroes of our lives.
Most of them are not ugly fights correct your self

What question do you have?
You know what whoever are just saying that they had crossed lines let me tell you one <a href="">thing.in</a> Hollywood ara celebrities are annoyed at another level like people do not show any kind of certain gesture or respect toward them they insulted them on their face aur agar jaya bachhan woh bhuddi ki tarah behave karta na toh sadak par pahucha dete cause no one give a damn f<a href="">#ck</a>

Whats the fun in addressing a person as too. These bollywood uneducated actors are nothing but people with no class and small ego.

Bhosdi wale baat karo in Hindi mein na yaar English bate rahoge to madrachod ho jaaoge, everyone and anyone will not come to Hindi society, no one in English society will come to Hindi film what hour will they watch.
Haa hoo 
Srk wala was too funny

I hate salman Khan .

That way Salman trolls the media since beginning is fire  I love it

RANBIR KAPOOR ️️️️️
Priyanka ... 
Hi

Sap ke sab madarchot hai media is doing great to these madarchoots

I don't like SRK's attitude that much bsdk
4 billions Mujhe sirif 2 karoor do chalo ek do bhai Ek ghar do bas or Kuch nahen chahyea Many azra Shina Sab chora many.toba ki

Sri Lanka 2022 is the main disaster, have I taken out you, you are the one who has taken me out, Sri Lanka has won the true crown.
Yar Bajrangi bhai Jan hit movir hay tumahri

Salman is in this job, he is doing less, he has stolen his last job, he has not got a kick, he is in a job, he is getting separated, he is getting treated badly, he is getting a kick, he has looted all the corrupt people in the devil bank.
Jewul first time mile hen to ajeb lagega tumhen bad main Sahi ho jaogi

Dono ki hay Salman Strong clever hay lekin thora Ulta hatke psycho hay Phele free ghomta rheta hay k kam main kick nahen milti Job first awards winner hota hay
Dear God, give me a house worth Rs. 2 crores and don't marry me, I will repent so much that I get out of this place.
I didn't find any way for my tummy, or Mira did it herself, she used to make noise while dressing, this is what I heard.
I don't even want to say anything because it's too late, I wish you happiness.
Raesss kerna bhai many nahen dekho hui hui hay
Ye Naseeb or Taqdeer Main Nahin Manta, you have spoken forcefully with me, whether it is justified or not, it is not justified.
Mujhe mhedi nahen banina

Happy marriage to you in advance. If you remember that time, Sharuk, as a Muslim man, tell me one thing. Will you be able to write the date also? July 10 2022 main bara tang betha hoon tamana bhatya ko razi kero azra or shina dono ko chor dunga
Larte hue Tum ache nahen lagte Salman acha lagta hay

Shadi main leke ana bhai pata nahen Shina when will he come to the number one spot, Azra or Shina will steal both of them.
Have biryani, have biryani, have you said it quickly?
O lady, did I eat the biryani from your hand? O lady, did I eat the biryani from your hand? What did you cook?
srk Rock 
Rani Mukherjee's food has not gone much
u hate bollywood 
achar rani 
Dear Arjun 
Jaya Bachchan ka toh ek alag se video banao.....ugly fight with media ka 

Big chid say 
Priyanka is best..so gracefully attended that crap journalist

️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️view from the
<a href="">

indian media think that by asking these senseless questions they will get more prints on social platform as well in newspapers,, instead of interfering in their prsnl life, focus on the main thing a journalist can do..

I Love Sharukh, Priyanka, Deepika Padukone Aamir Khan ️
Yes

These media people have all sold out, they don't know where they studied, they don't know what their real job is, they come on TV, they give even a few words, the meaning of media has become useless now.
Human beings mindset really interesting why because before name and fame down to earth after getting name and fame they do not talk their money talks .

What did that lady say to Dipika ?

SRK&#39;s and Priyanka&#39;s responses were the best 

Brother, he goes to Dubai because he can.
Varry kindly man Sonu Sood

Drugs lene wala

This entire gathering belongs to your father.
Rani Mukherjee 
Actually the media plays very filthy role to create controversies..

<a href="">4:08</a> - <a href="">4:12</a>  mami mami mami .... This was an epic

The media people do not understand themselves as their fathers and grandfathers have made them stars. They will first ask crazy questions to the stars and if the stars get angry then they will troll them.
What is &quot;Ajjar&quot;. rani Mukherjee said kafi for 3 time why can someone explain to me in English

Now, these people r ignored by public 

Look at the moon and cut your nails too Plz sir Ask all of friends ok  
Sharukh Sir U To young Fantastic Riches Manbut sorry I m too much hati hun Mmy star Jo hoga wo kisi bhi fan Ko. Bulate hain and Pakistan ki BioWown southz rsh.ika one day u cll him Spend with bef full day A d U saw me to much Your To good Celebrity Ke Sath Ko hum Aaj se nhi Bhot dino Se jante hai sari video I saw ia is In your house to much time I'm Watching Plz A woman's honor is more delicate than glass, sir, respect her only if the girl is right. sorry sir aShared Hi koi mile na mila it's ok I m Happy on my Tbu Life  
Salman Khan 
<a href="">0:16</a> bro he meant seniority in acting, which yes, belongs to srk

Madarchod media has been banned, it will never discuss real issues!
Jaya bacchan has one job to do in her life always shouting at her home workers or on media she is always like that lmao

There is a reason why Priyanka is so successfull and reached hollywood, and ruling over there. The reason is seen here, her smartness and intelligence

Priyanka just bombed journalist by smile.

Parineeti and Priyanka (Chopra sister)... Are Savage... Thug life

Now the 56 year old man should not be called young.
<a href="">4:21</a> Jacqueline looks Goddess 
Bro that sumit made me laugh so muchShahrukh be like &quot;JO TUNE PI HAI MUJHE BHI BAAD MEIN PILA DE &quot;

What a stupid journalist the first one is, the question makes no sense.
Pari is right 

I support arjun baba 
Rani was so over acting

Wtf 
These are the dancers and singers whose fees are a bit high, but the public does not understand this. Let the actor be an actor, he is neither a hero nor can be.
First of all, reporter Jaan Bujh said that some angry person said the wrong thing and then used it to make videos of masala and earn money and defame the celebrity.
Attitude levelIt&#39;s not Farah...its fuckra 

<a href="">1:11</a> wtfwhat do you mean
RIP farrah khan
Salman is very controversial person, I enjoy his movies but he has too much anger issues

Salman Said very true but Buffalo (media people) ko kahan farak padtha hai.

Media bullshits going into others personnel

Yaar, the media wala should know that these people do not respect anyone. We say that actors/actresses are rude.
Indian media is useless...
When will SSR sir get justice?
Bollywood katam dad goodbye 
What was this fight between Deepika and Arjun about?... Since I have been watching this video after video, I couldn't even tell what the reporter said...
Now the egos of these nachanyas are burried 6 foot down by public.

Why u guys just put the thumbnail so improper ......I saw the entire vdo ......where I ve not found any actor or actress to fight with ....... whereas they were just telling it was not a question to ask for ......they indeed never fought

Srk abusing reporter&#39;s father is bad 

South Indian actors 
I dont know Hindi 
What was the question asked to deepika and arjun?????

Can someone please tell me what was the question asked to Deepika and arjun when she got so upset?

Can any reporter ask such questions to politicians???

Salman media people's ass. Mother of brothers not united
I have seen few Khattiya reporters who keep asking true drug and shitty questions.
kyu jate ho Dubai 

Which movie  of Shahrukh is A certificate

The media also limits ... Don&#39;t ask questions related to whatever function you are in

If the media is in a position to do something then they will say that they have wronged their people. The illiterate girl is not worth the nails of <a href="">log.Star</a>
Easy money only in film industry 90% of the crimes happen with inspiration from film industry My opinion

I was filled with joy after seeing so much respect for another person.
Meaning, Saruk Khan, you all have beaten me or you have given drugs to me, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.....or usne jo nahi kiya, usko vi try karna hai ha ha ha ah aha ha ha ha aha aha
Fara Tara how many additions should I see that have happened in Dubai..sorryyy addition no shooting ha ha ah ha ah aha aha ah ha
You talk about everyone's father. Tell me what are you doing? Ha ha ha ah aha aha you are someone's father.
These people have reached such a high level that now even the devotees are happy or I have not seen their films because I don't have that much time.
Kallo Rani(Ganja Ganja) Convicted Ganja Stuttering?????
That reporter who talked with Salman like that he is gonna regret 

Shahrukh Reaction 
Vo woman reporter Deepika ko kya bol rhi thi??? Does anyone know???

That title should be &quot;media ugly fights with bollywood actors&quot;

Celebrities are also human beings just like us. Please don&#39;t harass them by asking crooked questions.

Salman Khan and priyanka chopra good at their way

Nepotism wala Bollywood boycott

Dogs of bollywood
Priyanka naam hai bhav nai degi saala <a href="">#pushpatrend</a>
Baaki sb to thik tha,ki media bhut naak mein dum krta hai faaltu mein,and they deserve this much insult  but rani mukharjee faaltu mein offend ho rhi hai,sach to bola media vale ne,ki heroine achaar ki trah serve hoti hai,thoda sa spice laane k liye,but unhe achwa role nhi milta......aur vo sahi bol rha tha ki mardani mein apko lead mili,hadd ae mtlb achaar hazm hi ni ho rha rani mukhrk

stop watching bollywood movies from today
Patrakaar is crazy
What a question I asked. ..what is new year happening in dubai in the world ???
I takes revenge

I like South IActors ️️️️
Very  smartly  avoided  the question  by Srk.  Why stars visit  Dubai.

Salman Khan sir Priyanka Chopra mam 
ALL THE WORMS  COME FROM THE GUTTER 
Video Title: &quot;Bollywood Actors ki Ugly Fights&quot;Meanwhile Priyanka is continuously smiling.

Fuck bollywood ...

Yah log jbhi reality show mein aate Hain. Tabhi hamare Jaise middle class logon ke sath kitne acche se baat karte hain.Gale milte Hain. Aur abhi itna fark.

That poor guy got nervous because of Sharuk's rudeness...
Priynka is so smart

And media also ugly with Bollywood actress

What is Salman even talking about??  In the one with Jacqueline

All r D.O.G

Superb yar fun aagaya yar srk mind-blowing
Keep posting, good jobs you all.You sure bring a revelation

Exactly media only wants masala

Salman .d srk yee toh dono bahat hi bade battamiz hain

sometimes media deserves this type of slap

<a href="">1:15</a>  farah khan “Sorry kyu gye the tum log Dubai kambakhto&quot; 

Salman and srk

All gundas these bolkywood stars r nothing without fans and they so darn arrogant

Why did you ask Deyoika that you are angry???
yᴇ ᴀʀᴊᴜɴ ᴋᴀᴩᴏᴏʀ ᴋᴜᴛᴛᴀ ᴛᴏ 1ɴᴏ. ᴋᴀ ʙʜᴀᴅᴡᴀ ʜᴀɪ....


Since 1986, 7 years of life have been saved, Amitabh's life has been used in the main way, APNI has been spoiling the promotions of its earnings..
yo

I'm fu__i in mc bungalow tey katuve di
The only person I liked here is Sonu Sood who wasn&#39;t asked any question

Priyanka and salmaan both are nice and both talking is so good.

Jaya Bachchan is nothing a good women she is vert rudly behaviour ... what&#39;s a third class women chift nich

Salman Priyanka SRK Are Rocks Salman’s speech was long But That was fact. He’s a gem of heart ️

Bollywood Actors UGLY FIGHTS with Media | Deepika Padukone, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan &amp; Others

let's go
Yeh kon he yeh reporter bohot haramii he

Ye sab hamare daam pe star bane hain. Lekin aaj ue ye khud ko bohat bade samjte hai

priyanka rocks
Bollywood to dubai jayegi abHum ko to yash chahiye...

Actor, we are the entertainment of the new generation, we do not want to kill them, we will show them in the beautiful world that we want for 1000 years or our lives. God.
Shahrukh is so different on screen and off screen

️tit 4 dad
Jaya Bachchan snki h
Seriously why rani was avoiding the underworld question ?

Deepika Padukone is very active 
Boycott Badawa Bollywood 
Boycott Badawa Bollywood 
Boycott Badawa Bollywood 
Boycott Badawa Bollywood 
Boycott Badawa Bollywood 
Boycott Badawa Bollywood 
Budhey .Who doesn't call Buddha...
2 no smj please help me please
Ranbir Kapoor is smart actor he&#39;s know how to answers media questions without any controversy

Bollywood guys, because of your pride you are a flop today.
A grand clapping for Priyanka Chopra 

UA .E one was hilarious 

I love Salman Khan
Abey kaun bewakoof reporter hain yeh start of the clip mein lol

Jaya Ko Puch te ho ho his time gaya.
This stupid media guy has also asked a lot.
What was that Deepika&#39;s matter???

Frr

I really want to hear what was the second question asked to deepika and arjun....??

Salman bhai bolte rahe bolte rahe bolte rahe .....

@ <a href="">15:52</a>, I m neither a supporter of bollywood celebrities nor the reporters. But Yes media is very disrespectful towards Bollywood celebs at many times and they have full right to give savage replies to those rude reporters but the reporter who was asking question to Rani mukherjee was absolutely correct, may be his way of putting his question was wrong but his question was absolutely correct, and Rani mukherjee was just doing overacting and trying to show her oversmartness. Just ridiculous

I think meadia is such a dust bin...

look at his face
south is the best

Becoming a celebrity is not a bed of roses. 

Kya faltu media pe gussa karti ho aap Deepika aunt they really waste your time aunt

Well media loves to question such stupid things bcz we look for such stupid queries.

actually no one fought from media except Rani Mukherjee and Salman Khan... and only ones Rani Mukherjee&#39;s behavior was not good.Otherwise all were answered well according to such stupid and frivolous questions.

Media Please Educate yourself and raise your level of questioning.How dumb can you guys get?

<a href="">5:01</a>  what salman is speaking about

There is a reason why they all go to Dubai

I like deepika&#39;s answer.... Camera ghumana jra udhr... Kyonki ye media wale camera k piche chupke bht bhonkte h... Good deepika 

Why do they ask so silly n stupid ques

Bollywood ke lavde

  SRK
Srk to hi hi tu batmiz

Priyanka nailed it

pan is food 

Can someone tell me what did the reporter say to deepika?

Idk why Bollywood celebs overreact when someone tell something about their age arre yaar abb bhai 50-54 saal ke insaan ko teenager to nhi bol sakte na.‍️

Kis liye actress picche padeho.. Khud kuch krke dekhao

Salman Khan is the father of Bollywood 
Jya bachn pehle english teacher the alaknanda m

Media is testing celeberities ego and patience level . Hard to control one self before live camera .

 idk about srk is a ugly fight but is was damn humorous

<a href="">

Media is full of beggers, please please please..........

Priyanka is great

I guess reporters should not cross thr lines...

Neel

JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ JJJJJJJJJJJJJJ JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ JJJJJJJJJJJJJJ  PPL    
Sharuk is very bad.
<a href="">20:05</a> when I ask questions to teachers again and again

Srk handled it right, he said he has a sense of humor
I don&#39;t know why such a stupid question was asked to parineeti? Like u have been trolled about ur weight now why r u eating while promoting a film based on food...like srsly the reporter was insane.

Pc is best ️️️️
salman boring
Will your name be read?
Media is senseless talking with sebs. Shit of this

I love you so much...
Akshay Kumar. 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
PC️️️️️
आचार जी
Stupid question, why go to dubai

Priyanka ne bhut ache se jawab diya...
Bhai main to Jacqueline ko Hi dekh raha hun

don ki chatne

Wastage of time to see these kind of stuff

One of the best things about dude that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something.he always respect us the audience and his team he is polite in all his video we congratulate ourselves on this achievement more to come ️️️.

Reporter is right,, srk did &quot;A&quot; movie,, film ka naam he,,&quot; Maya mam sahab&quot; ,, If you can check all the logs, the clip will be available on YouTube also 
What did the reporter questioned Deepika? I didn&#39;t understood that I was unable to hear it.

The most funniest part was when the girl from media said pyar atang nhi h then rabir reply bilkul aapka pyr scha h 

360 degree missing principal sir ji of nda ?

what was the reporter asking deepika to comment about?

I like it when Abhishekh told ...UAE

Abhishek  n PRIYANKA Chopra r mature n down to earth who gracefully handled all problems like  in movie FASHION &#39;a message.

Wow seriously such stupid questions and journalists, no wonder actors gets irritated because it seems no one is interested to actually talk about the movie or the work.

For all of them waiting for Priyanka&#39;s part <a href="">10:40</a> 

Ranbir Kapoor was very good at his response there 

<a href="">6:38</a> salman yahaan dance better than seetimaar song 
If anyone wants entertainment then show this video 
He is crazy and he can get angry.
Pagal media hai ye jo Bollywood k picche bhagti hai jab ye bhagna chodege pura Bollywood inke picche bhagega.....

Ha buddhe ko Buddha mat bolo . Buddha hoga tera baap . Aur ye media wale they don&#39;t know their limits ..  ungli karke maje lete hein.

Stupid questions
I love Rani mukherjee my loving soul sister 

True baat digest korna shikho.Don&#39;t be rude to your annadatas.Viewers films dekhta hai to tumlogon ko roti milti hai.Accept that.

Dipika kis topic p gussa hi thi thi

Ugly creatures asking stupid question

Third class reporters

you bastards
Maami maami maami  haha
Reporters are annoying

bollywood bhaand
<a href="">2:16</a> - Who are they?  I want to see the full video.

Sunny deol great man he is real hero 

Salman took the correct stand

Rani mukherji - aachar and paapud 
Really i dont know what these media guys/gals are upto asking absolutely dumb questions all the time seriously no study just straight up stupid shit..

Media waale bhosdiwaale hote ha
I did not understand the question asked to Deepika, however Deepika still stayed calm and answered well. Deepika I think is a very nice person

What had happened when that reporter asked questions to deepika and arjun? Her voice was inaudible...

Sharukh khan is king

What that journalist asked to deepika

Don&#39;t act smart with meWow

A reporter spoke to everyone
Yeah, very UGLY fight.. literally half of those celebrities died bcoz of excessive blood loss..

Srk ko bhudha boldiya srk ko mirgi llgyi
bollywood actor suck

Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami Mami
Why don&#39;t they just let the actors and actress leave peacefully! Duh... some questions were really harsh.





Mediya wale kutte ke trh sb ke peche bhagte h

You have become crazy but hypocracy is the essence of your people.
These bastard actors have become very bad because of the media and then they abuse them.
Pariyana was smart in answering good job media fuken shit

No actors argued here . They just took a stand.

Jaya Bach took a very nice gift and did not accept it!
Media to taste question
Ugly media fights with actors

Who is Salman talking about in the press conference of Kick?

Buddha to hai sarukh dadu 
SRK is too harsh towards reporter

Priyanka has rocked it ️️️
priyanka and rani  pull of legs of meida both of handal her this

Why do you go to Dubai?
Why do these media people talk without any sense? Does journalism teach all this? How can you hurt someone else's brain? its so obnoxious to learn about indian reports
Jacqueline Fernandez didn&#39;t understand a single word of what Salman said. She is just doing her job of looking sexy. That&#39;s it. 

Beta srk ask ur son about drugs
the actors need to respect the media also...it looks like when actors don&#39;t have answers they start to mock the media ppl. there was no need for srk and farah to get offended when the media person asked why they celebrate new year and similar festivities in Dubai and not India?

Indian actor and actress's interview in Hindi, I don't listen to it, Bollywood has banned the English language, it's good to Korean or China's actors who don't know their language.
Very well counselled .........

Aaa sala repotrs v fudu aa sala ena nu koi Pusha na aapp e sala repotrs kol an ga
Sharukh on the thumbnail is so funny i can&#39;t

This Bollywood guy is bald
Uneducated Media

Is this Farooq good or bad?
Indian audiences are so rude and disrespectful!

Bunch of Jokers

Salman himself is not able to answer even one question. Bigg Boss gives attention to the contestants.
Bina puche kiss jackeline ko

What was she saying to deepika?

I like the sense of humor of abhishek

Himmat nhi hai kisi ki underworld ke baare bolne ki bakwas h Bollywood

Jaya lagti hai do gut mark aayi hai
<a href="">18:34</a> Jb ap sy tinder pr koi poochy k ap single ho..... 

All the actors will watch the destruction of the country if they stop in one day.
Devil will do good to Deepika padukone mam in front of me

Super

<a href="">19:55</a>She roasted rekha in different style 

Priyanka just nailed it!🇧🇩
Media always try to get a ugly answer from them for a breaking news!️

SRK SIR WAS NOT ANGRY IT WAS HIS AMAZING HUMOUR

You should write caption like <b>MEDIA FIGHT WITH BOLLYWOOD STAR&#39;S</b>  instead of what you have written

Indian media is ridiculous

Sharuk Khan is very proud
Pure pagal neurotic actors..!! Inke picture dekh ke humlog bade huye hai.. So petty ppl

<a href="">9:00</a> Ladkiyo ko regression main vejne wale app ho..!!kya role rahta hai girls apke movie main..
Indian journalist are petty come on.

Abhishek nailed it with the  club

<a href="">2:14</a> they look like enzo and elena together tvd fans will only know 

Pc and srk just nailed it 

First one was really drunk

Ugly questions by media

Dipika set** is sister...
Why is no one talking about Rani&#39;s reaction to the question on underworld. It was quiet evident how much of a impact underworld has on bollywood that she swiftly changed the topic and spoke over the person asking the question. If the system was active at that time and actually worked on cleaning out this so called Bollywood... We wouldn&#39;t have lost SUSHANT SINGH RAJPUT!

Who’s this journalist ? Have heard him asking most silliest questions many times in each and every conference .. I have noticed because he has the most irritating voice .. can make anyone angry!

Shahrukh is so witty!!

Why Abhishek was so surprised, he was &amp; is such a bad actor, the only movie did well were the ones he appeared with big actors. Sometimes u just gotta tell your kid, &quot;Son I know u want to feed of my name but this isn&#39;t for you, find another career&quot; I hope jackie shroff says that to his son soon enough. I mean Crime patrol has WAY better actors than these 2 jokers.

Ugly bitter hearted arrogant zeros can only deliver bitterness and poison

Only few reporters are wise.remaining gave bribe to become journalist I feel

Achar?!

Srk savage 
Just because they are celebrities, you can&#39;t ask just any crap. They look desperate to troll them and least interested in actually knowing them.

Salman was cooking 
The way farah said sorry. She is cute.

Got ambushed with ak47  no way escape 

Miss world is talented and she will have fantastic career.

Priyanka and abhishek were too good ....

Rani speak oh my god 
Can anyone please tell me Deepika ko reporter ne kiya bola because I couldn&#39;t understand anything

Deepika accent is rubbish

What are you talking about?
These journalists here are so completely out of line... So uncouth, and such absolute absence of civility.

Idk what salman was saying but I feel like I understand in a weird way but can’t explain what he said at the same time 

Priyanka ️
Deepika is mad

who cares

Jaya is unnecessarily arrogant and rude

Very good.these media people need to be given a slap

Bhai yeh Sumit bhai bade Ajeeb questions poochhte hai wtf is his problems 

Priyanka is thee bestttt...she knows what to speak...wonderful

REPORTER ASKING RIGHT QUESTION

Tere baap ka ..

The best moment was when selmon abruptly started calling every mami. Rofl

Why do you go to Dubai?
Media kam chutiya thore hi hai 

Priyanka Chopra is the besttttt

Hard to digest Parineeti talk about GYM when her hands look like fatty chicken legs.

Farha I loved it
Being human is a big SCAM

Shahrukh to Aryan:- Whatever you have drunk, I am also having a lot of fun.
What happened with Deepika? Which incident are they talking about?

Salman maja agaya bhai...What kiss did you give..at night you will tap and tap.
If the media stops paying attention to them, everyone will be seen begging.
Sharukh ki gaand jal gyi

Innocence Personified Sobbing His Heart Out.

Mafia. Walking. 
That media is so so stupid ..the actors Are nailed it her charming faces

Hey friend, these media ask very bad questions.
<a href="">4:08</a>  Jio ???     Jio to September 2016  me launch huaa ta

BUDDHAE SHARUKH KAN TERE 27 YEAR OLD MAN ARYAN KHAN JO PEETA HAI WO TAU ISS REPORTER NAE NAHI PIYA

What was the question asked to deepika padukone could not hear bcz of background noise?

Farha khan op : kyu jata ho dubai kambakhtu. 
salman khan op
What did the &quot;reporter&quot; ask Deepika?

no one has talked about abhishek he’s so amazing here

<a href="">14:07</a> Raj Niti Main has a very good dialogue which I would like to kill you 
Journalist may be good, but if you understand the language, he will stop answering what you say, if you don't know how to boycott, you are a false journalist.
SRK and PC nailed it.

Salman ate
<a href="">1:28</a> utna hi maza Aryan kr rha tha cruise party mei

Salman be like:- I am the king of my life.
Useless guys.

Kyu gaye the tum log dubai kambhakhto  was so funny

Wow, what is the sound of PC?
Sare actor bhosdike
It's your father's meeting......wow what language is Shahrukh?
Actors: 10self-proclaimed trashy journalists: 0

Calling a bud a bud will make the bud angry...
Only those who deserve this behavior behave like this media.
Chidku... Chidchide....

shahrukh owns his father's bamboo shop
<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

That band or band probably came to troll SRK but Karma ???
Media attacks deeps too much
Respect to them. Theyre justifying themselves. India media is fucked up

Apne aap  ko yeh  log kings and queens samģtte  hai  inn  ko sirr  par na  utavo

Priyanka&#39;s response is  killing.. Waah nice answers with cute smile

If you translate into other languages, I think more people would follow. Thank you. 
Drugs lene jathe hai xdddd

&quot;Aachar ji&quot;
SRK
Shah Rukh should ask his son beta tu kya peeta h!

The actor will cry nonsense and will also get angry. He is also a human being.
Indian reporters really cross the line by not giving basic human respect to celebrities. Taking their good behaviour for granted.

priyanka answer mast mein kisi ke saath bhi yeh kar sakti hoon that&#39;s my Job. Sharukh buddha

Meri jungle billi 
Well,I love the sharukh&#39;s replies... He wasn&#39;t fighting with media like Rani was doing....rani mukherjee was unnecessarily arguing with media...I mean bhai use kaafi achi lgi hogi movie bhot achi nahi&quot; faaltu m usko cut kr rhi hai..... sharukh was literally having fun with media...nd joking around...nd about Jaya.... Jaya is such Rishi Kapoor of female....I know media is literally act bitchy nd vulgar sometimes....anyways.. I love srk! 

<a href="">0:54</a> Yaha ni hota new year

Jaya  mad buddhi
@Media Mediaji, actors &amp; actresses are also human beings. Leave them alone.

Media people also commit mental rape 
Deepika is so angry.

what was she saying to Deepika

Jaya mam is like a strict yet polite teacher

SRK: Show ke baad joh tu peeke aaya hai, mujhko bhi pilanaJournalist: Are you taking the piss Sir?

Priyanka  is very  smart

Please koi mujhe btao deepika q upset ho gyi thi us reporter&#39;s ke question pe

Priyanka Chopra ️
Please let me

Disaster

Brother, what is this mother?
Shahrukh was oversmart  person.....

Priyanka chopra is the best

<a href="">11:52</a>
SRK and PC nailed it

Legend watching in 2021 

Ye pori Bollywood star  mardrchod he janb, I heta Bollywood

Rani is so smart and funny
Priyanka is very smart and cool

ye sab kis stand ki baat kr rhe hai?

<a href="">

Ranbeer reply damn good yaar
I hate jaya bacchanToo ego and attitude 

Now also rani is beautiful 

I liked this show.

Priyanka so classy .   thats the way we respond to people that we dont care. Shes laughing because this reporters words dont get to her and she&#39;s having fun burying him .

I hate when Some actors are avoiding the questions

<a href="">#Boycott</a> bollywood.

Jaya ma&#39;am is so sweet!
<a href="">

Lol at 4.29 salmon bhoi trying to cringe touch on Jackline boops failed successfully , 

This is the attitude that Bollywood people have drowned in never showing attitude to the public.
Rani is superb

Brother, ask some questions to the senior leaders who are watching the country like their brains, it is not your fault that they have distributed stars with their hard work.
I hate media
He is 55-60 years old. Still, their brothers-in-law think that they are 16-17 years old. you idiot, have some shame


<a href="">0:28</a> she was joking

<a href="">

Q

Koii b irritate hoga inki bkwas sun k

Media wale hi pagal h...

Its not dirty at all ,media ki aajadi h. Toh actor ki bhi

<a href="">6:28</a> Be very fast 
Salman picked a very logical topic here. And I appreciate it that he explained all the things from back to front and what&#39;s the affect of all these things to all the celebrities. The problems of the people&#39;s are to making the wrong, fake and weird images of all the celebrities. I appreciate to salman sir. 

I feel bad for pareneeti.....she is so cute.....nobody never troll her for her weight

<a href="">

<a href="">

I couldn&#39;t understand deepika&#39;s part

These reporters deserve this but jaya bacchan is really very dominant

Omg reporters!!! These actors never have the patience, but I can't figure out what to do?!!
Priyanka is lady don️

<a href="">3:00</a> why deepika is so upset

Pakadwa salman bhai tooo 
Rani mukharji 
Media wale mental h



Priyanka killed it

These people are because of we people n look how they r pretending

I love bollywood actors ️
Shahrukh should not go on someone&#39;s father

<a href="">3:10</a> what was the issue here?
