Deepika Padukone and ranveer Singh I wish you all the best in the world and do not hide your pregnancy from no one and I want you to be proud because you&#39;re the best golfer in the world. I don&#39;t care what anyone say about you while I&#39;m using because you guys both make a beautiful couple the love you share in your eyes and the wedding you had was beautiful don&#39;t let no one take that away from you and your baby to your having enjoy it share it no matter how much big you can share it enjoy it because that&#39;s the memory you will never ever regret SOS how big your trimester get I want you to enjoy it and share it because that&#39;s something you would never ever get back so don&#39;t matter what that means you&#39;re saying sand how much people are see anything bad I&#39;ll comment about you you guys make a beautiful couple wonderful company and I admire you to sharing your story sad happiness or depression I admire both of you of doing that and I see how much love you both have in your eyes for each other I might wish to you do not hide your pregnancy I want you to show every growth of that baby in your belly and enjoy every second of you. I wish you all the happiness and joy and prosperity and a very healthy baby in the whole wide world don&#39;t hide it from the public and no matter how much anyone put you down Simon be strong because everything you went through in life you didn&#39;t hide it you are quite open with that I will destroy coming into your life be more open with that bus stop you are wrong. Such a special joy that coming into your life expose it show every second of it as it grows into your life because a lot of people Envy you I don&#39;t care what the public say on the public to ignore it everybody say do what you have to do alone care but it probably care about what you and your husband family things you do what make you happy and your husband happy that&#39;s your family and the little one inside of you don&#39;t care what any of the public says about you and your husband and your little one that is coming be happy be proud and sure more of your pregnancy because that&#39;s something you would never get back I love you both all and you make a very beautiful couple and I envy you but I miss you all the best in the world don&#39;t take without happiness of you growing and becoming a mom you and your husband enjoy every bit of you all the semester you going through daily by Daily Post it and enjoy it this is supposed to be your angel and mint with your husband the public says is what you your husband and what you&#39;re bringing this present joy into your world be proud be happy and enjoy what you&#39;re bringing into this world sheer every detail into your life that make everyone want to be positive in your life I may not have much I&#39;ve been through worse back and forth my life is not easy but I&#39;m prompt 4 and 1/2 people that make their life something better than I do and I wish you all the best in life but I want you guys to be proud of what you have I enjoy every moment of it. Good luck good luck in all your delivery and I wish you many many more to come love you all both I can see how much you love each other and watching each other in your life go to and you baby will have such a good parent in their life to be love with each parent bless you and I are very happy recovery Goodluck Goodluck Goodluck May almighty God bless I love you praying for you to have the Abundant blessing in the world I love you both and you both make a perfect couple shenmue Story Toys R Us make a call not successful as you guys and not bless like all of you I thank God I mean be blessed like you but at least I have a food on my table everyday I love you both and I miss you guys all the blessing in the world thank you I&#39;m looking forward to see you beautiful beautiful baby.

Why do you increase  the  stomach  size

Please get a life..!

Even this should not be made into a huge news.
BC 1.6M subs kaise?
Now all Indian reporters shames on you all at first u guys u reported here that deepika padukone didn&#39;t want to become pregnant now tell us what is that stupid people  back to the point my love deepika congs dear

fake news

shamed on you

When deepika is pregnant , she will be the first lady to tell the media . As long she did not tell by herself, than she is not yet pregnant. The same way was that with rani murkerjee , aishwarya rai bachchan etc . They told it by themself on theire own time. If they did not tell , than the media should respect that. Give deepika and all these actresses and actors some privacy for theire own , let them enjoy , that they are married now🌈🌈 . Same with ranbir and alia . They is so much media stuff about them aswell. Give the actresses and actors some space.  Because they need that aswell 🌈🌈🌈

God bless
Beside all that , the dress is weared. Showing off her chest open. No difference b/w a man and a women...

Very fake

Ye open chest waly dresses na phna kro plz depika is k hubby ko b kuch ni hota aisy dekh k....

fack or reall

What is the path?
I don&#39;t think that deepika is pregnant it&#39;s All fake  from Aanchal

How hungry are the dogs?
If you are pregnant then you should not have joked about it in the media.
In

Why are you making an issue of any conversation? Brother, she is slim, she is wearing tight dress, you will see that no one should comment on any such thing.
Thank god she is pregnant with her own husband at least

So what idiot
Its fack.....🙄

Kuch vhi feke hai dekhta hai madarjat wala channel
Of course, she will get pregnant because she is not a woman
Hey brother, what is the need to show that she is pregnant and you should be happy, this kiss is also not a crime of any kind.
Like some of yall drop from coconut trees...if someone is pregnant it&#39;s not a crime you should be happy.

What pleasure do u find in bulging their tummies with ur crap editing skills😡 U are a piece  of shit

Media has nothing better to do

Congrats to DeepVeer, Deepika looks so so beatiful and sturning, is good to be pregnant why are media so  mad with bollywood actresses getting pregnant, please leave our queen Deepika alone. Her husband is RANVEER SIGNH so she can be pregnant any time she is married let her be busy body media.

Report the video and channel as Spam everyone . Eventually YouTube will ban them

Yes! Good news!
O M G deepika is pregnant 😱😱

11

That high waisted kind of dress looks like that

Woww It&#39;s really true..?  I can&#39;t wait to say their baby

Who&#39; s actress at 3.45?what she&#39; s name?

Best thing against these fake news is instant report

Please cover up.Looks so awkward

She would have had a very heavy meals before the function... Days y

So what? Is there a problem of getting pregnant from her husband. You all should be happy. Bloody Nonsense of this media.

What are you going to do?
Seriously this bollywood bai if u dont have any work atleast dont spread fake news.

Fake news 👎
Why is she not pregnant?
Something for news
Even if your belly doesn't bear this much, you can do it then it will disappear.
It can be. Something else also stop saying she is pregnant until and unless she says that she is pregnant

Woww

i am reporting this channel for spreading false news so many freaking times and misleading the audience u guys should seriously stop now like its high time stop all this

As much as you do, as much news as you keep, Bc...😠
Aa re yeh bollywood bai chutiya hai kya

She looks ill
Pagal log wo fat belly hai

I Am so happy.......

What&#39;s wrong in that? Congratulations to the couple.

Serve rasgulles in ham also
