Oh shield! got hit by some kind of excavator again...
Fuck the video, where's the quality?
Record the coordinates of the targets on video so that you can watch them in Google Maps!!!!
Well, you can’t see a damn thing! Minus.
What is poor video quality? And then bang and pixels flew across the screen..
Will there be Terminator advertising?
Very good, I hope all the pilots have received combat training. Ana won’t come again, it’s all a hoax, we can already bomb Europe.
What's all this crap, has LOMO forgotten how to make optics?
Mikhalkov stole all the money from a beautiful picture, he’s a pest :-(
What happened to the video quality, at first the videos were of good quality
I hope Syria pays for the bombs dropped.
Ministry of Defense, how many likes do you need to collect for you to drop a volume-detonating bomb?
Yes, it’s clear that it’s raining. Visibility is poor, + the lens is flooded with water. Therefore, the miracle is blurred.
Pinpoint surgery works
Fruit trees look beautiful!
And here I am again with a proposal to drop ODAB-9000
and around there are gardens, fields... paradise. It’s high time to expel all igiloids from paradise.
what are you worried about? This is a copy from the cinema on a pager. There is such a cinema there - they take everything away. before letting you in.
It is guaranteed that new generation, high-tech weapons will be used. I’d also like to see its application)
They always drop bombs during the day, the quality of filming is much better.
Luftwaffe military newsreels from WWII of the best quality
But the United States has invested so much money in them...
Don’t make noise out of the blue, the quality is hastily compressed, and in addition, the shooting is not from the “Outpost”, but most likely from something more ancient, the Bee, perhaps.
╲╭━━━━╮╲╲╭━━━━━━━━━━━╮╲┃╭╮╭╮┃╲╲┃ Like :) ╲╲╲╲┗┫ ┏━━┓┣┛╲╰ VKS is power! ╲╲╲╲╲╲ ╲╲┛╲╲┗╲╲╲
PARTY IS OVER  ISIS and FSA..will burn !!!

put on more fun music, it's boring without sound
Ministry of Defense of Russia You are the BEST!:)
For everyone who writes about the quality....it wasn’t filmed for you....the guidance operator is fine with the picture....the video is cropped and deteriorated specifically so as not to show the capabilities of military equipment.
if our defense industry bombed corruption in our country, I think that the economy would rise and people would live well and the birth rate would rise and production would rise... and so God help our pilots, let them return home alive
You have to translate to English

quality leaves much to be desired
Unconvincing, attach a gopro to the rocket, it’s mine
I think that this war will kill all the morons ;)
There was Dokmak, there remains Big Mac.
Destruction of unknown shit unknown where
Look to the left, look to the right, look around you to see if you are being farted))
Right on the cross, right on the cross!!1
Dear Russian Ministry of Defense, why don’t you post a video of the report of the Press Service and Information Directorate of the Russian Ministry of Defense on the actions of the Russian air group in the Syrian Arab Republic. On all news channels, the report of the Press Service and Information Directorate of the Russian Ministry of Defense is constantly cut and shown in pieces. Thank you in advance !
It’s bad that they reduce the resolution on purpose.
Curious, how many NATO pilots submitted their resignations after the Western media allowed them to attack Russian Aerospace Forces aircraft in Iraq?
It was necessary to add in the description of the video: I TOOK IT WITH SLIPPERS! SORRY FOR THE VERTICAL POSITION
I love this channel so much, it lifts my spirits so much.
Put GoPro on the drone or something... where is our fullhd? If you already have money to launch rockets from the Caspian Sea, I ask you to take care of the health of taxpayers’ eyes and spend the money on good cameras for the drone)
is this sight on the monitor of a drone or fighter?)
It’s okay to bomb Syria, it’s no longer interesting, let’s go to Europe.
History of video creation: 1) The source is taken from the drone camera (old models 640x480, new 720-1080p) 2) Any cheap converter is compressed to 128x128. 3) A frame-by-frame GIF animation is created with a size of no more than 100 KB for 48 sec video. 4) It is taken old PC (for example Pentium 1), the system loads up to 99% due to a bunch of running applications. 5) Internet Explorer opens, the GIF animation from point No. 3.6 is launched through it) And then, from the 17" screen A Yamaha CRT monitor (made in '97) is made by CAMRIP on any phone with a photo camera (until 2005) 7) Video is ready!
right on target
Hooray! New episode of my favorite series!
Replacement with walking
what a picture
In fact, do you feel sorry for FULL HD? Or at least HD ready.
Did they stick the mobile phone onto a civilian drone with tape?
My favorite serial
genial
Great! Well done!
second one
Where are my eyes Full HD?!!
1
