Russia&#39;s nazi gov airstrike on former Russian SIGINT base on Tell al-Harra, north of Nawa, few km from Israel Marketed as &quot;Su-34 struck the plant in the province. Aleppo, which produced improvised explosive devices&quot;BASICS&quot;Putin&quot; already started the break-up of Russia. Grotesque &quot;paradoxes&quot; as a result of illuminati scripts: although Russian forces are officially no longer allowed to be present in Chechnya, chechens make up most of the mercenaries with a russian passport sent to fight the IV Reich wars, first dressed as ISIS and now as russian soldiers.GOOGLEChechnya: Fake Putin started the break-up of Russia BEFORE his FULL detonation

29 Basmachi did not like it
Allah Akbar!
It looks like there was a subway running from the building? Did the blast wave trail across the gallery?
Nice one.Bravo Russia!!!!

How many tons of bombs were dropped on ISIS in a month? If there are more than 1000 sorties....
The image stabilization is still a bit bad. A friend on a foam plane holds it better in hold mode.
very clear!
This is not a Su-34 strike. It was the terrorists who let out synchronized farts at the sight of the Su-34. 
This is crazy!
Headshot!!!))))

Well, jackals, how do you like our gifts?!
It’s strange that no people are visible near the building; apparently it was abandoned a long time ago. And in general, there are no people in any of the videos. I remember when the Americans published similar recordings, during the war in Iraq and Afghanistan, there were always people in the videos. Apparently Russian aircraft are bombing empty buildings.
that's how it went...))
As I understand it, terrorists put dislikes... and I think they are being hooked!
Well, it’s okay, soon ISIS will fuck up another Russian passenger plane, so to speak, it will give an answer because it’s crazy
It seems to me that one bomb is not enough, two more or less, the machines and components may survive...
fucking racks
The Pentagon is also a subscriber...
Even closing the window didn't help
Kab 1500 solves any problems with bearded pithecus.
Ukraine is in hysterics - ISIS is being destroyed.
It seems to me that one is not enough, 3 would be just right
Bravo Russia
Who is the sponsor of the show? )
When will I stream?
Just in the cabbage soup... Our fellows!
kek

In nature, clearly, you know how, you can do it.
Is it possible to send a similar parcel from me to America)! I wish you sooooo much, I’m tired of these dogs already!!
that's how you sculpt, sculpt bombs... and then BAM! And I got depressed....
And then they will rebuild Syria using our taxes?
ODAB-500 is already used, but I would like ODAB-9000
Beauty!
Like throwing your hand into a basket. Really professional work!
I'm getting you, you're not getting me! - the building is intact - it was necessary to gasp
Precision is the politeness of kings(c)
why didn't you destroy it?
Very nice !

The quality is getting better and better! Continue ironing the devils in the same spirit, comrades =)
Completely Destroyed  the factory of terrorists in the province of Aleppo!Perfect job,  The Russian Aerospace Defence Forces,  as always!Отличная работа!
Rockets with goodness. Meet the devils!
I hope there is a long line at Alla’s bar :)
Fucking top ten for sure!
betab 2000
Homemade Factory.... Congratulations to the Ministry of Defense on the first BLUP! (in the video title:)
Why don't I catch the logic of the title of this video!?! :) The plant where improvised explosive devices were produced? Is it like in Sochi, wine in one and a half rubles along the roads from hand? “Listen, dear, is the wine good? Haroshiyyy! I swear by (your) mother!
Definitely like for color videos
You sit like this on your chair and make an improvised explosive device...
good hit! Glory to the Russian Armed Forces
Excellent! Basmachi, hang yourself...)
The accuracy is amazing!!! I can’t always get into a bucket with paper from 2 meters away  And here... well, they’re just jewelers. Huge respect to the pilots for such clarity
MO, at least turn it on. Get up, Huge Country
Why, if there were explosives there, did they not detonate and the building as a whole survived?
Why not trash???????? The building is big, 1 bomb is not enough!!!!!!!!!!
"One and a half" (KAB-1500) was planted!!!
if this was an explosive devices factory, there would have been a huge detonation and most likely there would have been several of them or they were making fireworks there))
4 barmalei survived and disliked
Give me HD quality!
But then restore it all.
Fuck the air conditioner :)))
Bombs need to be lubricated with lard.
Homemade minced meat
The inscription 10488 was funny =)
somehow they banged rather weakly, it was necessary to equalize everything
The appearance of a drone over objects will soon be accompanied by a mass exodus of militants due to fear of an attack. Fear is a poorly controlled reaction... of primitive man
Eh, sorry no sound...
The Russians are doing in a week what America has been trying to do in a decade... Putin knows what he&#39;s doing

you sculpt such bombs, and then... there are gurias all around))
To the tenth point
Wow.... Well done flyers!!!!!!!!!!!
Is there a terrorist counter in the lower left corner?
The quality is getting better and better and progress is visible
BAH
A lot of it
Damn, finally we saw an accurate strike.
Where are my favorite BETAB???? :(
went in well...
The whole world is in ruins
Eat Barmaley, don’t get wet, in general, IG is an irregular army of amers, the same project of theirs as Hitler’s, the main thing is to bomb not only the positions of the Barmaley but also their feeding trough - an oil pipe through which oil is supplied to Turkey, but during a frank conversation, Obama said to PUTIN AT THE SUMMIT, this can be bombed, this is impossible, this is impossible and there is an oil pipeline
I don't see any detonation! I would like it, especially since the plant produced IEDs.
Anyone who played Call of Duty 2 online probably remembers how the soldiers shouted: “Defend the bombed area!” I'm sure this is what terrorists are shouting now. :))) And if there are those who disagree with this formulation, then the death penalty, i.e. horseradish is not sweeter than radish!
Again we didn’t hit the cross, the little armchair general is indignant inside me
Waiter, please repeat!
Apparently the guys have already jerked off and are definitely screwing everything up.
One ISIS survivor disliked it
Exactly!
After a while, they will begin to attach cameras to the bombs, which will film the terrorists who have crap themselves. New series very soon on all monitors in the country! To be continued.)
It was fugasilis barmalei...
Actually, she hit the leader in the temple! We just don't see it!
Another chicken coop with a beautiful panoramic view
Another chicken coop with a beautiful panoramic view
I see only sofa experts sitting there, everything has been done correctly....period
The spell "Allahu Akbar" works more and more often
10488 - we won’t stop bombing ISIS
entered moderately
Seriously - they had an entire PLANT dedicated to the production of landmines (even though the plant had previously done something else). How is it that not every city has factories and where to go to work?
They hit it right.
Would go there one more time
Oh, they already put a new camera on the drone after the screenings! :) Look, it will be in HD soon! Keep it up!
handsome guys))))
little Apu was given a set by a young mechanic... and he drank himself to death in 2 weeks....
If they had waited until the smoke cleared, the destruction would have been visible. why are you posting small scraps??
good shot great job 
Chota destruction weak
Call the glazier again.
First fuck!!!
