Aisa therapist dilado bhagwaan
Robin williams  should given Credit for Srk performance because this is totally inspired by Good will hunting

Have your seat at the table.

In my opinion, he should be more of a the therapist in real life than an actor. I&#39;m not saying he&#39;s bad in acting, it&#39;s Just he could be a good actor and a good therapist.

People took this Theory of &quot;kursi&quot; explain by SRK in the movie so wrongly it&#39;s just normalising cheating and dumping people for the sake of your own selfishness just imagine there is a girl 19 year old girl finds a boy thought he is a love of her life loving him whole heartedly and he dumps her saying &quot;oh I am so sorry you are not the one &quot;kursi&quot; I am searching for you are too hard on my butt ..&quot; how pathetic it would be ? I mean just think about it (Tum logon ka emotion mental health and all aur dusre aadami ka emotions kursi..???) If you see in the movie Dear Zindagi the problem originally lies with the Alia Bhatt herself not with any of her boyfriends because of the childhood trauma she had because of her parents in the movie it is shown clearly that she was the one who used to dump her boyfriends everytime because she was afraid to be dump by them in future and to be left alone .. so because of so many past relationship she had she felt dirty about herself she felt like she&#39;s a sl*t or a w*<b>*</b> that&#39;s why SRK is trying to explain her that whatever happened let it go and move ahead in your life this is the reason only why he gave his &quot;kursi&quot; theory to her. This doesn&#39;t allow you to go around and cheat for the sake of your own selfishness.

The &quot;chair&quot; narrated by Shahrukh in the film; The theory has been taken so wrongly by people that it is normalizing cheating and deceiving people for one's own selfishness, just imagine a girl. A 19 year old girl met a boy, she thought he was her love. Jeevan loves her with all his heart and he leaves her saying, &quot;Oh, I'm so sorry that you lost that &quot;chair&quot; You are not the one I am looking for, you are too difficult for me..&quot; How pathetic would that be? I mean just think about it (you guys' emotions, mental health and the other guy's emotions in the chair..???) If you watch the movie Dear Zindagi the problem is basically with Alia Bhatt and not her. With one of her boyfriends. In the film, due to the trauma she received in her childhood due to her parents, it is clearly shown that she was the one who left her boyfriend every time because she was afraid of being abandoned by them in the future and being left alone. Was.. So because of her many past relationships she felt bad about herself, she felt like she was a slut or a whore, that's why Shahrukh is trying to convince her to let go of whatever happened And move on with your life, that's the only reason he left his &quot;chair&quot; Gave them the theory. It does not allow you to play around and cheat for your own selfish ends.
People judge only when they see the reality. No one would have been bitten by a mad dog. This is how I judge my partner. If you love me then marry me, don't forcefully enter the marriage market. I don't like Arrenge marriage Chair Aur Shadi ke Don't compare your life partner for this. It is good because those who get married in arranged marriages have seen thousands of boys, what do they mean by fulfilling their desires? The one who likes her among thousands of boys is like a spoon. Love and satisfy your desires by marrying, till date there is no girl who has married a poor boy in an arrangement, even though that girl herself will remain poor but her expectation will be that her husband should be rich, nowadays girls adjust to ugly boys for money. They do it but nowadays boys don't adjust to ugly black girls with money, this is the reality.
It’s clear Alia has had so many facial surgeries after this movie

That's why Deepika is in her right place
What a garbage argument? What if after a few months you find another kursi better than the one you bought? Will you throw away your current chair? These kinds of garbage fallacies are poisoning our minds.

How can person be compared to a chair. The chair doesn&#39;t have feelings. I hate it when movies give half the message. Whoz gonna talk about how to treat or walk away from the chair and not just abandon it like it was nothing.A proper closure is necessary. Is it that difficult to understand.

Awesome

Just Nailed it

True yrr

SRK 
The doctor understands life secrets. And he&#39;s alone. Hhmmm

The difference between chair and life partner is that the latter has life, feelings and emotions. No, it is not correct to try people before choosing one. You can befriend them but not try them, they are humans. There are ethical implications to this statement.

I wish finding a partner was like finding a chair what kind of chair do you want imagine visualize there you go, people are there to enforce your idea of a chair want. Go head. You missed his point mere sath creak ni Keri so please settle down to sit on. God bless you.

There is huge difference between chair and human being. Such ha stupid example.what u tech that hearts lots of people and than select one. Then where go your Karma idolgey???

thats a bad advice actually

Es movie m app k advice 
How are you sitting on the chair!!
If srk would not became a  good actor  then he would ended up as a  great counsellor 

Srk s a pathetic actor... Thu junk guy. He cannot bring any impact

Alia is so cute yaar 

Got you are in my spot in app store for restaurant. Good kursi Funda.

My family 
Evaluating human beings like objects is stupid. I wonder if the genders were exchanged here the scene would have got bashed badly.

I really love this movie...

Superb advicenailed it
Ranbir played musical chairs all his llife. There&#39;s dating and then there is Ranbir&#39;a musical chairs

Right, before choosing a life partner, we should not look at the option which option we should use. If we truly love someone, then that person will be hurt. If we enter into a relationship with someone else, then the person we come with loves us and that person keeps stealing us, so in this way, if we make that choice, it will hurt us.
Does that mean that sex before marriage should be normalized?

I LOVE THIS MOVIE.. THE SONGS, THE DIALOGUES... JUST AMAZING..... 
Wants to  see last sceneThat&#39;s  so amazing and emotional. Where the girl is Nicely express her love to the Doctor.

I wish i has a mentor like SRK

Same srk told us love happens once in life ???️ btw beautiful movie
Bakwas bandkar

This is the movie that changed my thought process before watching Sandeep maheswari..  soo ahead of it&#39;s time

Netflix please bring this movie back on Netflix it’s not there I missing this movie I want to see once again

Where this movie is availble?

Unable to find this movie in netflix

Chair and human is not the same...trust is involved in case of humansMoreover chair is a non living thing and a human is a living being

I&#39;ve never been a Shahrukh Khan fan. I don&#39;t like him in any way at all . But I absolutely loved him in this film . He was brilliant in this role. His way of therapy and advice/philosophy was out of this world . He cheers you up in this film. This is actually his best performance to date. Shahrukh Khan nailed it as a counsellor/psychiatrist. Some of his funny stories, etc . This is one of the very few films where I liked Shahrukh Khan and his acting .

Agar   husband dunde  aisa  kurchi   wife   beek mangne  dasha pe  chodke   dokhe  se...o b  officially ??????    Aap  sab  jaise  o  bi  dundte  rahba ta. Kyunki  ye na uski pahli shadi  ??  Na  o ek nau Jawan   hai  na  ????

he is just flawless..

<a href="">1:50</a> 

Some people were not able to buy a chair, they were shown some random chair and told to sit on it as if they were their age… What they found was that the chair was not comfortable at all but they had to sit.
The point is that it doesn&#39;t matter others will understand u Or not.... But is really matters that do u understand urself when no one else do.... Cuz in life at every stage ur every supporting system will sometimes due to many reasons will  also not agree with u.... At that time it comes that u have to .... Just for ur self And ultimately once u start understanding urself or handling ur self u really come to know what matters for u Or not.... ! Need a sec of self analysing Cheers to those whose vibes are matched with me

I don&#39; t know what &quot;Chair&quot; advice did Shahrukh gave to Aryan....because its not working

That &quot;Comfortable Chair&quot; philosophy is very debatable......

One of the finest works of Shahrukh Khan! :)

SRK is such a talented actor ... Iconic role !

Khan looks Mess
What an anecdote! Continuing - You buy a chair and it gets old. Now go try more chairs and pick a different one and throw the old one. Who says you need to stick to one chair for life. Even better, why should you have only one chair. Get as many chairs as you want. And when visitors come in, let them sit on your chair. And ask them how comfortable the chair is. Did they like it? Do they want to take it home sometime? Right?! Haha

But this movie is not there on Netflix

NNNN

Srk voice and lessons of this film  are really important

SRK should do more such movies which complements his superb acting skills. But, he is behind those rubbish formula love stories which no one is interested in watching these days.

Then in 2016 - day by day the film are becoming best and bestNow in 2021/22 - day by day the film are becoming worst and worst

One of my favourite scene in this movie .. this movie always been my motivational side .. thank you for the whole team of the movie ! Such a meaningful message

Empty

My fav. Movie ️
When i explained this to my parents (who actually had a love marriage), they said it&#39;s the &#39;Generation Problem&#39; and told me how fucked up this thing is. They are like &quot;u should seek for that one person and then stick to that one person. U aren&#39;t allowed to sit on a kursi and check if it comfortable&quot;. I just want to know if that&#39;s the thing will everyone

Can anyone suggest any other movies or series like this? In bollywood or from any other place. Like on loving your self, coming out of your past, facing inner feelings or on other topics...

Never judge something you don’t know and nobody knows their future so stop defining it.

I have seen this poor movie or I have thought that both of them are acting 
Are u here?

damn SRK . His voice is so relaxing. No extra efforts.
I want to watch this movie in YouTube but it is not available 

Waiting for a comfortable chairHope the God bless me

Every other one in today&#39;s world need a psychiatrist like Dr Jahangir khan including me specially i would say . Kash ese doctors hote uff beautiful life lessons

There is a difference between a chair and a human being. The point is that society has come and these people will judge each other more! Band toh nai hoga
here is why this may not work  imagine u find a really good chair the 2nd or 3rd try but then u think there are better chairs out there and go looking in real life ,if u dont find a chair after that as good as the one before i.e ur 2nd or 3rd one you cant buy the 2nd or 3rd cause that person (chair) is no more in ur life and wont let u back in its a time gone u cant take back so u go looking for more new ones and when un find something good  but not so great u settle down cause the store is closing and u have to choose ( coming of age ) so youll end up with a &quot;good  partner &quot; ur out of time and energy and end up settling with that person......

There is little difference between a human being and a chair and no one has the right to treat people like inanimate objects for their comfort.
What is the actual role of srk in this movie?? A psychiatrist or a psychologist????

Let me tell you one thing, kursi is a non-living thing! I know what&#39;s the point behind this conversation but I believe compassion is key in relationship. Just don&#39;t take stupid decisions and hurt someone&#39;s sentiments. Take your time amd right person (ofcourse a living thing, male/female) will find you not kursi!

I had watched it earlier since 3-4 years but I thought whatta complicated it was. Not understable, but then suddenly  again I just had watched this movie nd I&#39;m quite impressed cause now I knew wht the movie is abt. Thts wht maturity is! And how smoothly I watched it is like enjoying the rain  Want everyone to watch it 

Jub. Pasind. Os. Pr. Batgia
Yes. Tankeed. Nhi. Muja. Kud. Pasind. Hey. Qasim. Sa.
I. Am. Happy. You. R. Indpand

This movie motivated to me  smile

Who are these people, where have they come from,? There is no difference between a chair and a human being. The one sitting on the chair does not react to anything, but the human heart hurts, pain is hot, emotions are hot, Heartbreak leads people to commit suicide because they cannot bear that much trauma. And you are speaking nonsense to a brainless person. Stupid one I think.
Please movie upload ️
Dear zindagi is one of best movie in Bollywood ️

i wish poore duniya yeh KURSI WALE  CONCEPT SAMAJH PAATE

Srk was the bad fit for the role.

I can see most of the people have misconception about  this &#39;kursi&#39; Theory srk said this Coz kaira in the movie feels dirty about herself coz of her past relationships.. but this doesn&#39;t mean this allows u to (cheat) like what do you meant by &#39;kursi&#39; your mental health is.. important and what about another person mental health? .

Love you SRK ️
I loved this scene and movie too

with you

With due respect,We like lot of things in our life, for example we follow celebrities, youtubers and we wait their post to come. It Does Not Mean that we want to marry them or our marriage on hold because of them.

Same thing is applied for our career......

I couldn&#39;t understand ‍

Does this things happens in real therapy sessions?

again a great movie by SRK, the story is very good, the songs are very good, the movie is great. This SRK difference ! 

Superb

Feels like Sandeep Maheshwari sir bol rahe ho ️

Can anyone tell me where this movie is available??

&quot;If everyone understood this example of chair, they would not judge others, &quot;--------  I can not get it&#39;s meaning..... 

King for a Reason,

Ranbir kapoor know this &quot;Kursi&quot; waali story very well..

Why SRK is biggest superstar of the world. He is the only actor who represents all the shades of love successfully with great conviction. Unbelievable.DeewanaDDLJKuch Kuch Hota HaiDil toh Pagal HaiMohabbateinVeer ZaraKal Hona HoKabhi Ha Kabhi NaChennai ExpressDear ZindagiWho can deliver this kind of different love stories with same kind of success and conviction. Only SRK naam toh soona hi hoga...

He has a convincing voice ️

Alia did a fantastic job in this ️️

SRK SRK super fine ;)

Srk  
From Psychopath to Psychologist :He Nailed It !

Srk ️
His voice is a therapy itself

So..1. This chair idea is totally cynic..2. What if one loses herself in search for the perfect chair.. Does perfect chair actually even exist?I think loving someone is the aftermath of loving urself first.. If u cant love urself how will u love others.. How will u give something to someone that u dont have.. Find urself first.3. Live, love and learn.. And dance ;)

<a href="">0:24</a> I'm not sure. Ho Gaya sabka. Not on Tinder/Grindr for &quot;50 First Dates&quot; in rehearsal hota India mein. Sheldon also got his spot. 
Love this movie️....

You can&#39;t compare a human being with a chair ,a chair can&#39;t change his shape or comfortness but a human being can change his character to satisfy their partners need , I am also not against of this thought ....just expressing mine

Really want a character spinoff of jahangir khan

Wrong.... No matter how many options you will see after sometime u will find something wrong in that chair.... Either the chair gets damaged or the new model chair comes in market that will make u buy it.... So best thing is to learn to use ur own chair and know that its purpose is only to sit on it not to like it.... So is life partner... Know matter how many u see but over the time u will find some things wrong with them... So just be happy that u have one ... Know that they are there for ur emotional and physical well being and ur are for them.... And learn to use each other better.

When we understand ourselves it doesn't matter what others understand.
It happened. Psychiatrist. This is not romance ️
If you don't like the chair then you go there by doing some crime..bring home from the car and don't return after 2-4 days.
I felt such an amazing connection with the movie. Just watched it yesterday at 4 am. This movie was like a free therapy for me. 

Plz upload more of Dear Zindagi videos,Netflix ️

&#39;&#39;If we don't let the steering of our life be in our hands then someone else will believe in us.&#39;&#39; ekdum true baat
&#39;&#39;Jab hum apne aap ko acchi tarah samajh lete hai to dusre kya sochte hai  it doesn&#39;t matter&#39;&#39; absolutely truthful line of life 

This movie is a gem. For those who are going through lot of issues in life and are mentally getting affected...this movie is a gem for them

Cool scene

The acting is so great we agree. But can we also talk about the one who wrote the script? Like how beautifully its expressed.

SRK

SRK

Alia doesn’t even realize she the kursi here

Basically hes saying yall shud turn into hoes before u get married 

Kursi and humans are entirely different 

ban srk
Whole life srk portrayed  immense love ideology and during his last days in bollywood he promotes a chronology of being experimental in love. This never did anything to him but changing the total aspect of female fans following him and thus devastating several relationship.Wish he would have chosen atleast one good script during his retirement period,it would have helped him to take a notable exit.

SRK ️️️
No 
if everyone follow the kursi theory, then everyone might fall in love 3 4 tym before finally get the perfect one.

Ganduest movie ever
Full movie please

The last line ? Lmaoo

Wow 
This movie is trademark in the lives of both Alia and Srk, in the terms of Acting as well as the psychological aspect of the story!

Dear bob i wanted you to be shahrukh of my life and you did become that but from dear zindagi. Love you 

When is the next season of Naruto coming??? We are eagerly waiting for it

Srk ️️️️
Same thing we need to keep in mind while selecting our representatives in parliament as well.

To all those people who overthink about what will others say, I want to say something:1) F**k others, there is no one who can judge you...If you are happy with your decisions, your life then nothing else matters.2) &quot;Kuch toh log kahenge, unka kaam hain kehna&quot; -SANJU3) Ultimately what matters is if you&#39;re happy with yourself or you&#39;re giving your best or not, rest just don&#39;t care about other unnecessary things.Cheers!!️

&quot; SRK &quot;. 
I wish there were psychiatrist like him nowadays it has been just for money laundering no proper treatment is given

SRK is the real hero i hv ever seen! love u shahrukh!

Don&#39;t know why srk fans think this is great acting, in my opinion it&#39;s purely average hai, srk apni kkkkkk wali voice kabhi nhi chod sakta Itne hype bna dete ho jese srk se best koi hai hi nhi Srk is better only salman, he is nothing in compared to others , even ajay is very ahead in acting compared to srk 

Bollywood and web series insult Hindu Gods, Goddesses and Saints, Hindus have been driven out from the state where Muslims have flourished. Every Muslim gives birth to 8-10 children in India. Muslim population in the country has increased from 3% to 21%. Hindu population 93% to 77%.....c
Bollywood and web series insult Hindu Gods, Goddesses and Saints, Hindus have been driven out from the state where Muslims have flourished. Every Muslim gives birth to 8-10 children in India. Muslim population in the country has increased from 3% to 21%. Hindu population from 93% to 77%.....d
Alia and Srk   lots of love 

This whole kursi talk is the most haywire thing ever.

Srk️️
For the first Time I watched this movie at 2:00 am in night I waked whole night bcozz it never comes during daytime on &amp; pictures.

If you like Netflix subscribe to my channel or you are a fool

One of the best movie of srk, this decade.

I just loved the film and SRK DID A FABULOUS JOB️️

Vikings

Aw the best movieee ever made!!!️

Oh there&#39;s rohit saraf in this film also. It&#39;s his debut!️Love it so much ️

“When we understand ourselves, it doesn’t matter what others think.”So true 

Let's go to Netflix now too?
Terribly unnderrated movie

The King️️️
SRK always nailedThese types of rolesLike Chak De IndiaKabhi Haan Kabhi NaaSwadesFanMy Name Is KhanHe is great when playing unique characters

But people buy multiple chairs so does that also mean multiple life partners as well?

Hi bros &amp;sisters I have started a new channel pls support iam from tamil Nadu india  iam reacting to songs pls suggest me  your fav songs so that I can Also enjoy the songs with u pls help me to grow 

Osm

SRK talking about Ranbir kapoor 
This is by far the most relatable and practical thing i have ever heard in a movie... Kudos to the team for coming up and presenting this... World needed this!!!!

To The Early Squad Reading This: Sending Virtual Hugs to everyone who need it stay safe read my name

This is my only one favorite Alia&#39;s movie।

i love srk most in the world  all srk fans do like here so that i could know lovely fans other than me 

&quot;Bura lagta hai un logo ke liye jo kursi khareedne nahi jaate&quot;. This line has deep meaning and strikes a chord with our society.

Our budget is so low that no chair is available in it, so how should we try, sir?
Overacting shopWhere did Sali stick to?
SRK&#39;s best performance in my opinion 

Srk fan here or not???

That&#39;s why we love srk️

SRK 
First view. SRK voice is very nice especially his acting wow.

Let's bring it here️
Nice word and it&#39;s true

SRK 
Who else quickly rush to the comment section??

<b>kon kon dekh raha hai??</b><b>1) Students : Like</b><b>2) others : comment</b>

SRK = KING OF BOLLYWOOD.AAMIR KHAN = PERFECTIONIST OF BOLLYWOOD.SALMAN KHAN = SELMON BHAI ROXXX.

Thankyou to gauri shinde and the cast for such an exceptional movie!!

️️️The lovely eyes that are falling on my comment, may God prolong the life of their parents and may they get whatever they want ️
SRK surely nailed the part of a psychologist who could make the audience feel better with his therapy but Alia did a very realistic acting of a depressed person... Love them both

k

<a href="">1:42</a> perfect

This movie was amazing it was such a wholesome and comforting movie to watch. Alia&#39;s amazing acting and srk&#39;s voice 

My eyes where only on Sharukh...can&#39;t help it!

Yes

The movie was amazing. Only depressed people can understand this movie! 

The voice of SRK as well as his facial expressions.... He nailed the role of a psychiatrist.

a chair your daughter?
My favorite actor , I could include more of his films, the most recent ones, thank you.️️
 Shahrukh Khan ️
Shayad Alia doesn't want to marry Ranbir
SRK &lt;3

Sharukh is so hansome 

This was one of srk&#39;s best works and one of the most realistic characters

SRK&#39;s voice ️️️️️ could listen to him speak about anything.
Kursi or Insan m frq hota h loduchand
Wavvv
One of my Fav movie Netflix,  some Fundas from Tamasha too

right

35th comment : can u bring carryminati and triggered Insaan in video pls

King Khan ️️️
My video&#39;s are better than this

Srk&#39;s acting
LEGENDS SAY YOU NEVER GET REPLY FROM NETFLIX
Kisne ye video ajj....yani ki  10/01/2021 me dekha?

My whole focus was on shahrukh khan...<b>Only</b>

Thanks diet yoga and ayurveda channel ko support karne k liye

Love you Zindagi!!!!️️️
Netflix when you will bring carryminati and triggered insaan together

Kids:-Akshay KumarMen:-Hrithik RoshanLegends:-Shahrukh Khan
Pathan will be break the record of KGF

Netflix India please make a season 2 of toradora

Good

I am in love with this movieDear Zindagi

𝙇𝙤𝙫𝙚 𝙮𝙤𝙪
Best film ever
Second comment

Can I get a heart

alia is waste

Yes

Netflix we don&#39;t hate you
Srk
Like from NETFLIX

Most Underrated Movie...

Hi

SRK
FIRST COMMENT

Wow wonderful

fav movie
First like  and comment
