I feel very blessed, may Deepika Maa have a daughter, Ameen.
God bless everyone 
Mala Hein kya. It is not good for  pregnant woman. Justice for SSR. When you are rich ,all is ok. Bollywood mafia

I don&#39;t think she&#39;s pregnant

She is pregnant, she has to deliver me because she is a woman, she cannot talk as per the law of nature and this is her own thing… and no news is available….
Congrats ranveeka
It&#39;s normal for any married women..why so much fuss for such things...they are film actors that&#39;s why???

Hey yrrrr are you pregnant or not, what difference does it make, the world is becoming a mother, what is special about it, she is also a woman, she is married, her path is yrrrrrr
Congratulations

I don&#39;t think. She has signed for movies already...

I hope she does not take things which will harm the baby.

Congregation mam beautiful Queen
Congrats RANDEEP.........take care ️️️
Not interested 

It&#39;s a good news but now she is not pregnant you just wait some more time for the good thing

If she is pregnant then how she doing back to back 5 film and action Pathan film so don’t guess everything for your full bank balance. If she is pregnant then I will happy to see deepika with baby bump so she must need take care of her baby and this is more important than money.

Nt interested..

Congratulations  dipika  ranveer take care of yourself

Congrats

I don&#39;t think they are pregnant

Congratulations
These are the ways to escape from NCB, which I have not given you.
Congratulation ️
God bless u princess, i am sooooo happy to hear that good news

Wow my congratulations my favorite star 
Congratulations

People will not want to watch films but the time is right.
There is no difference between the hours and human beings. Those who are blind to their taste will cook imaginary dishes. We are not like this society.
Congrats ️️️
Nope bro this is just a smile she is not pregnant

Congrats

Ab no coco and ash

Sita drupadi fighter Pathan Prabhas paisa lekar pregnant director nid if jayegi

Congratulations #deepveer!!!!!!!
Bohot asa
Very very super 
Congrats.enjoy the time

Wow good news 
