V.v. good Jodi mom &amp; bebiy 
Sushmita Sen's son is not her brother's daughter.
So nice lady doing gr8 job always smiling and so down to earth she has no attitude at all of being Miss Universe

Nice

This is her brother&#39;s baby

Lovely khuda inko salamat rakhe. Or inko khub sari khushiyaan ataa kare.
Salute to her.. She is very kind heart person ...she is really star

May Allah always make Shushmita successful, Ameen.
U r amazing mam No one in the world like u

God bless you madam ji️
Brother ka baby hoga, bhabhi pregnant thi

Congratulations sushmita! I know that U are not merely a sponsor in this noble act of adoption. U are a raising Mother, much above those Moms who deliver from the womb just to prove their feminism to the society and to boost their man&#39;s male ego. U are a Mother by your own good will and choice. May your family stay happily together in love,compassion and good health always....

God bless her..she is a fairy

God bless Sushmita Sen. Very good hearted person. So is Jaya Bhaduri. May god bless them and their family. . From Canada

Susumita bahat achi he

Realy good hearted person.want to know is she gave birth to son or adopted

Such a Great person in the world love u susmita di

only god&#39;s angel can do this... she is really an angel.... god bless her and her family.. and gives lots of happiness and joy in there life..

She is really the Miss Universe forever.



Deserved the title miss universe .........

Some people write adopting a boy- they incorrect- Boy product of liaison between beaten Sushmita and younger by 15 years man. The man Shawn ? is happy- daily enjoyment and if divorced he gets alimony.becsuse Sushmita obviously richer. Even parents of Shawn have no problem- they wait for money flow through grandson because they will take care- courts permit that- ONLY PROBLEM DON&#39;T KNOW HOW PARENTS OF SUSHMITA SEN FEEL.Prrhaps they better off without daughter.

Wah salute ms sush

When she became miss universe , she shared her goal that he wanted to adopt orphan children.

In this situation no one loves you Sushmita
We love Sushmita
Nice

Nice. Baby. Boy

Really salute her..tin bacche bohot lucky hai yadi maa mili..

She is the miss universe in real meanings ️️

She is truly a beautiful soul with a golden heart..! 

Wao lk so cutu god you always ma'am pls god give me a cute baby boy too !!!!!!!!!!
Real Miss Universe Hats off to u

Great he Susmita mam

She is real angel I respect her

For much respect for her to care for orphans. Very humble and giving women

Bollywood k bure logo k bich she is good hearted person

God bless sushmita Sen

May Allah bless you with knowledge, I pray to you from my heart
She is real miss Universe, beauty with brain 

Can't God create?
Reall woman

My inspiration..ideal n favourite lady god bless u love u love u love u alotttttt
Like it ️ so cute 
Nice job Lots of love From Austria.

Mashallah so cut
A Lady with beauty and golden heart...stay always blessed and healthy....

God bless you

Verinais
More
Nice ji god bless you
what about the real mother of the baby boy

God bless u Susmita
I don't care that you will ever see a mother like you, I am so proud of you, I am grateful to you, ma'am.
Love u sush
Congratulations Susmita mem  l selut u.
I am a Muslim lark, I met you and did nonsense.
Who prefers Sushmita to Aishwarya? Like here

She has a golden heart no one in film industry like  her

Why don't any boys adopt?
It takes breath to do good work, and you have it 
She is a real beauty nt aish and Priyanka nd Lara nd all,,, bt <a href="">#SushmitaSen</a> ab apko bhi khud ka ek baby dekhna chahiye

Sushmita Sen, God blessed you with a baby boy. Your own child. He knows your love for the adopted ones. All my best wishes for your entire family members.

She is a wonderful lady. I really salute her 

I proud of you sushmita mam 

I miss the universe h...
Gold heart lady

God bless you

She is a very good woman

It didn't occur to me that why did you leave me, why did you not give birth to me brother...
This vlog says rubbish

Congrats Susmita ji, Gbu

Your heart is very good.
A woman with a golden heart,salute to her

Shadi kb huwi pta nhi chla 
Great

Great women 

God bless them all.

Sushmita really you are angel  for such children.  How lovely you are..God bless.

The only Miss Universe

This is the idol of my mother, this is my true inspiration 
Truly Miss Universe

God bless you..
Congratulation beautiful may GOD protect your beautiful family ameen 

God bless you angel

Nice

Apne har affair ki ek nishani  rakh rahi hai....silly women...

sushmita great hearted lady

She is out of the world,as if she is trying  to give msg to people that blood relationship  is not only way to feel and express for  pure love,respect, care,sacrifices and responsibilities, .wow what a lovely  women sush is.and she is also upbringing  more 2 women&#39;s  for the same  personality.  And what a wonderful  person her boyfriend  too..very lovely  family  of this  entire  world. God bless to this family.

Mothers are teachers  gods gifted children worldwide global love you all kisses diamonds million be light to your journey live for others heaven on earth shine on earth angles stars lit up your lamps journey from Kenya

Superb great mom

A real beauty
My favourite always..God bless her and her family

May godb less her

Great women
Really u r face of goddess ,I know all mother &#39;s are vry nice but u also ,salute mam

Wow great mom she ishats off

God bless you!!! .  Live!!! Baku, Azerbaijan.
Sheee is nice human being and gorgeous....

Susmita you are like no one..salute
True .... today people divorce their wife / husband and children r not taken care of .... n if someone takes responsibility of such children by adopting them .... hats off ... Salute to their sense of caring ....

Angles journey souls shine on earth beautiful beautiful beautiful souls million diamond kisses from Kenya shine on earth  angles love you all good wishes thanks again for sharing

You are a real mom Sushmita

God blessss uuu mem
Really a gud lady

If at all Deserves to be called as ultimate SUPER MOM .This Tytel  should go to this Wonderfull Women . All MOMS are SUPERMOMS .But this Lady of substance is a Rare GEM ,found in our Country . I wish God s Choicest Blessings and our souls  ( dil se duwaen kham padjaayenge ,isiliye Ruh se Duawn  aap ko aur aap ke sara pariwar ko )Blessings be upoan you and All your Family and your Parents  .Thank GOD for knowing you  Beauty full pure SOUL .LOVE YOU DARLING

Very nice

Y so many dislikes, literally people can do own self good, n then when others are doing then also they have prob...

Great  Mother 
Dunia me bhut kam log hote h jo apke jaise hote h.....we proud of u ma&#39;am

Superrrrrrr

GODESS

GODESS

Only she is the real actress. Baki sare toh nasedi ganjedi nikle.

A kindhearted beautiful woman . God bless her family. Love you Susmita

Beauty queen  with beautiful ️

Love you... Sushmita...

Hats off to u nd God has now bless u with a baby boy u deserve him.

sushmita desrved to win, not Aishwarya

God bless you sushmitha and your family

I love Sushmita mam.

U r a real Angele

She is really have golden heart, supermom and superwoman ️️️️

U r my favourite

God bless you baby

Susmita mam app bohot hi pyari ho
Great lady Allah Talah bless hr
good job mam

You are humanity epitomised

Upr bala apko khus rakhe susmita

My forever favourite ️️
Proud of you mam

Beautiful heart god bless you

Love u shush.....
You would be surprised if u knew her truth.

If any celebrities adopt me too m 30  Yrs old

Congratulations sushmita ️️
So so nice 
Just preaching is very different than doing it personally.  Hat&#39;s off....

God bless you sushmita

Sushmita u r an Perfectly example for all women <a href="">feternity.LOVE</a> you keep smiling and stay blessed and Happy Forever.

Reason why she is miss universe forever.. she has a  golden heart

Don&#39;t make fake news ... it&#39;s her friend&#39;s son ... she is blessed with two beautiful daughters

Golden heart lady in this world

WW so happy to watch the new one...God Bless you the little one and your sisters too.Sushmita   you are so charming ..the real beauty is your motherhood.

I am big fan of shshmita sen Love from pakistan

I love her she is genuine

Inspiring so many girls....

You are an old man and you are giving birth to him. You married a boy of your age and then he is giving birth to you.
real miss universe
Sushmita you are a real mother. Can’t describe your real heart towards homeless children.  I love you. You are my favourite actress. May God bless you abundantly and always stay blessed

Congratulation sushmita
Invite &amp; Earn : <a href="">



Sushmita congratulations so proud of you ️
Miss universe in heart also

stay blessed !! my role model

She is real mother.....

When she was pregnant ? Hello is it true news ,why all belive suddenly

Beautiful soul @sushmitasen 
God bless to sweet baby 

Heart  of  GOLD  THIS WOMAN  LIKE  LOVE YOU

Luckiest children....
Great I admire her
She is the real beauty queen. She really did what usually other miss beauties generally blabber  on beauty pageant stage. It really takes courage and strength to do what she is doing. Salute!

 Sushmita is the another meaning of Mother .. God bless her and her family 

WOW such a great person

All Womens idol miss universe muslim miss indias No 1 lady mind blowing mam you are

Kati arkako bacha palna man lagyaho aafaie beye gai paye vaihalthyo ni 
<a href="">

God bless you Sush....infact u r God&#39;s fav child that&#39;s y God is choosed u for such noble deeds...loads of love....

Why do I think pets are a better option than kids

May godbless
.Mis.Susmita.Sen..good..Avinetrti...Very.Nice
Watch this too <a href="">

The work she does is always remarkable either for herself or for others️️
Sushmitha you are An Angel on Earth 

I must say she has a treasure of heart . Other actors may be having a show off their happiness . Truly she is the happiest.

sushmita n family
Amazing woman Sushmita Sen! Love you...

Really?

She&#39;s doing great.... God bless her with happiness &amp; love.... Such a beautiful Sweetheart

God bless you beautiful

Bangaly maa bole kotha
Congratulations 

Fake news

Its her friends kid..stop spreading fake news idiots...

U r blessed 

She’s such a sweet persson

<a href=""> subscribe my channel for kids <a href="">stories.do</a> share and like it

Heartiest congratulations Sushmita Sen Ji....May The Allah bless you and your family forever with  His shower of happiness and prosperity.......Really its a God gift for a wonderful human being like you.......Once again congrats to you and tons of love to cutie pie...

Love you sushmita ma&#39;am
She is realy so sweet,god bless you sweet heart

Lovable mother....

There is no one like you Susmita. U r pure heart
What a great work she is doing. I want to become like her.

Yashoda ma same as Sunny leone

Angela jolie of India

Sushmita mam, you have a golden heart, love you so much 

When will Susmita be saved?
I love you mam and god bless you.

Mem you are angel.  Khuda apki her wish pori krein

Very nice shush

May God bless her and her family 

Undoubtedly she is so beautiful by heart too. Hardly u find such souls.hats <a href="">off.tc</a>

Love you mam
Adopted or his own baby??

Congratulations Shushmita.  God bless you and your family.

Love u maam  I am wishing to do same soon

Susmita dear,god bless u ,u r really an exceptional mom and ur motherhood is 

Wowwwwwww love ur nature Susmita

Very nice

Why should I save myself by marrying?
U deserve miss universe really luv u so much Ur gold heart 

She is a real empowered women.

Congratulations

Bhut km log h ayse..
Hi Guys Very recently I have started my own YouTube channel. Being a busy mom to a special needs child finally I have converted my passion for hairstyles into reality. I hope you enjoy watching my videos.Please like SUBSCRIBE and shareThank you <a href=""> href="">

Good for her nice

Motherhood cherished......most probably a better mother ,a more sensible guardian than the natural birthgivers.....

God bless Sushmita ma&#39;am family..

Caption/video title is misleading though!

Awww she makes every life golden  she touches.. God bless the little boy..he s so cute

thats a true human being ....

Thanks a lot mam
She is a wonderful kind heart person. A completely package of beauty with brain. God bless her 

not her kid. it&#39;s a friend&#39;s kid

True mother

Mashallah
O Lord, give good children to those who are childless and fulfill every rightful happiness of those who read my comment. Ameen. Subscribe to my channel plz.
Sush... You are the real queen ... Allah swt bless u n ua whole family

God bless you Sushmitha..

That’s why Ilike her.

Aaw so cute ️Sushmita Sen you do all the good things in life Proud of you

I hate everyone in Bollywood since Sushant is goneBut i dont know why... no question comes from my heart for you Sushmita Sen you are devine.. you are magical.. only one feeling comes from my heart for you.. RESPECT 

Sushmita you are very sweet
She is true human

That woman is a goddess

Y dislikes???? Heartless people????? No humanity??? Or jealous of her bcoz u cant be like her???? She is not Miss Universe.... She is mother to Universe.... Proud to say that..... Long live Sush ji

Great prsn,great mom
Love you Sushmita Sen 
It&#39;s surrogacy may be not own stomach baby

B.f ha she didn&#39;t marry still his b.f

God bless you

She is very loyal n gorgeous lady

Beautiful  personality with beautiful heart. God bless you  Sushmita

I salute the world’s greatest mom

She is a great ️️️️️️️ 
She has such a big heart . Hats of mam . One day I will do same  thing .one day I will adopt one baby and I will give him new and good life️

Great lady

Luv u mam....god bless u
This video is already shared earlier in her insta account few months before .. I don’t think so it’s her baby’s video ... Pls don’t believe fake news like this

<a href=""> ️️️Follow️ my account️️️Share my account
Bullshit story

Why can't you protect your dog? It is right to take care of your dog and give love like a mother, but in the eyes of God, you can be a healthy woman. You can protect your dog after marriage.
Being a bong I salute another bong to do such a noble thing. She is one of my inspirations for many <a href="">reasons.Love</a> her a lot

Sushmita ka apna bhai.or mummy kahan hai is mauqy pe?

She iz a gud lady.khash sb log orphan bacho k lie esi thinking rakhe ameen.

So sweet

Quit mom
Spoke about you and your children in my class today. love you

She walked her talked not like aishwarya did nothing other than holding her own child hands. Try holding others in trouble but not in her agenda.

Yeh jhoot hai!!!

# I am going to your kacha kachi

Nice mam

She is pure hearted lady but why she not get married even she done great work with adoption of orphan children.. Salute to her.

thts not her son...its her brother&#39;s

A woman become a mother not only when she has a biological child. The second she thinks of looking after or adopting children, her level raises to a huge level. That way Ms. Sen is way above mankind. She is truly an angel sent on earth. God bless her always.

Can b said as a true mother....

Nice

<b>May God bless you Sushmitha Sen madem and your sweet family‍‍‍</b>
So good.. Sushmita ji.. U are selfless mother

Sushmita great.

She is my idol ️

My fevret sus..i love u
Her eye says how happy she is to have these wonderful children. I wish her a very happy life with her children.

Who will save you??
Gud step for baby
You have always been happy Sushmita ji...you are my favorite, I wish I met you once in my life...even though I am 54 years old today, I have been liking you since I was 21...God bless you ️
Is ki ab Tak shadi ni howi

Those in India who are dying from Corona are getting rid of it and you are left wearing it.
Fake news....fake thumbnail...not her baby....old news

There is a lot and nothing less
And party to banty hai

Superb dear God bless your childrens

Pior hates shusmita sen

She is the best with her gold heart and with open mind of loving and serving  a love to her childrens

Godson means in case if the child&#39;s parents are unable to take care of the child, Sushmita will do so. She IS NOT blessed with a baby.

Sushamita maam you are very nice...god you are
Masha Allah you look beautiful still, even more blooming as a mother enjoy your journey

Good News Hhapei

Such a good human she is, she loves kids, babies so much, God Bless her always

Real woman real heart ️️️️️️️️️ love you mam your are great
Okay....in coment section everyone is saying about sushmita sen.... but I have a bigger issue....why YouTube is recommending this video to me now!!!!!!!!!

Shadi kb hui
There is no doubt that Sushmita is a piece of God and there is no one else like her.
Phli baat y hmare India ka culture ni h ki ....vase to AP boyfriend bnyo   vase AP bache adop kro ....kunki agr AP sch m adopt krne ka Dill rkhte to AP is trah k shok na plo bf gf....chiiii shame on u ...not good

Sushmita is brilliant actress and perfect woman

Is She Adopt Boy Or Her Own ?

My fav.

Ur voice is so boring

A perfect woman now having a perfect family... congrats pretty 

A courageous woman

There are less people like this in the world, God bless you️vita
She is a very good persality in a golden heart

when did you get married
I Love her !!! Such a sorted and adorable personality ️

She’s a real Miss Universe ..she practices what she preaches and that’s commendable..absolutely gorgeous woman in and out 

Shushmita send really nice woman

Congratulations 
A false reporter made a big mistake by saying, 'My foot is not enough to do a 1 year or 2 hit film, this is another level which I am not able to do, I have a lot of talent but that's it. k h8 ka hero nahi hein what did that poor thing do?
Love you sush both of you sush for sushmita and sush for sushant

This is an ammaazzzing news....khuda inko jannat naseeb karae.

WTF .. Is Channel Ko Report Karo..ASSHOLES
A wonderful person inside <a href="">out.You</a> have a golden heart and my inspiration.

Sushmita u r an angel, u give life, love n future to these homeless kids, God bless u

Stop fooling

Galat title mat do plz..
That&#39;s why we respect her a lot, Salute you Sushmita,  proud to be a bengali

Congrats you are my favourite actress in Bollywood! Greetings and best wishes from Canada 🇨🇦

This is the first time in my life  to support you Sushmitaji form today I&#39;ll be your Big fan Congratulations to you and your family God bless you always 

She&#39;s a great inspiration for so many

Golden heart mem
Great job Dr love you sush

GOD BLESS YOU MAME

She is gorgeous with a loving heart.God bless her and her family

I respect her equally as I do hv for my mother bcz I m also an adopted one

Good job
Congratulations... If you like to know the beer or wine recipe then visit to my channel link: <a href="">

Pure heart of sushmita.. .. such a beautiful family 

Congratulations mam

Sushmita is a wonderful lady.god bless the baby n S.sen.proud of u S s

Yaar aap log qu galat msg dete ho...qu why why... sushmita give birth what a nonsense...check  your facts



Masha Allah God bless
Rohmil shwal looks like puneet chauksey.
She is real miss Universe.....

Thanks and  nice Sushmita is god gift and love you

Salute Her

Congratulations sushmita sen

No one is right, why is there no need for marriage?
I love Sushmita Sen from our Independence in NAMIBIA 1990. God bless you Mss Sen

Anything for likes STOP

Stop the false story

Golden Girl...with golden heart..️  Spread Love... Spread Parenthood. Mostly celebrities are adopting Dogs.. I appreciates her steps.

Great lady , hats off, love u

She is very very loving..beautiful woman.. Mom with a golden heart. I just love n respect her.

my favorite lady of indian silver screen . i love n respect her for her  transparency n noble deeds .  from Nepal.

misleading thumbnail

Very nice

Sush aap bahut unique ho I love you my dear
Congratulations to both 



Why are u sharing fake news

Ur r a wonderful women in a world..aapki jaisi thinking sab k pass honi chahiye...u r amazing mam...god bless u..

Sushmita is a beautiful lady with a beautiful heart

Am slute mam

Wowwww

Beautiful human being just love u

Sushmita u r great no doubt
Sus u r the best actress

That&#39;s her friends boy damn u mad or watt??

Sushmita is greet

Sharm karo aur logon ko bewakoof banana band kar 

She is just a true Maa 
I always loved sushmita sen. She is amazing person with a noble heart.

She is a gold heated women.... 

Masha allah so cute baby.
I love her unconditionally...

Super mom
Congrats 
What good news why not write like this adopted baby.

Stop fuckup  false news

Kamal ki lady hain mam aap salute u by deep heart
I m bengali  that i m proud jst bcz her love u sushmita

Fake news ! Plz stop spreading fake news
God bless you and your family

Congrats....baby...thanks fr joining the world....

Stop lies
A woman with  beauty  and brain ,

Fake

You are great mam.Love you so much.

<a href=""> share and subscribe

Sushmita should be in PM post he will spread only love love and love if love progress will continue with full of happiness respect. PM post is not rocket science the system will work need time to time advise.

God bless u gold hearted lady......u r  my idol.salute to u....lots of love

Cute baby susmita son

I am glad is her own n not adopt wow

Excuse me for being frank...I really appreciate her adopting kids...but it&#39;s her life..but certain section of sushmita Sen&#39;s fans would have appreciated if she would have married and had her own kids like her contemporaries like Aishwarya Rai,Juhi Chawla etc

This is fake information it is not her son it is of her friend and she is the godmother.

God bless you  God bless your family always

Very handsome in looking... Better he try as hero...

Stop putting such click baits...it&#39;s annoying

she was the Role model in fashion industry in our generation n that tym she was famous young n more over was a celeb ..after that she adopt a baby girl....it was beginning n thought process change for  adoption.... We can see now most of the celeb r now adopt a child.... So we respect Sush always....n God bless her  

Idiotic way of speaking in the video.....ur script is pathetic .... before up loading a video maintain a standard 

wow  congrates  to dear sushmita and husband  for the  newly born baby boy ..God blessed the Lovely  baby.

Nice lady...kind hearted lady
It&#39;s not Rohmil Shaw its Rohman Shawl !!!

She is the epitome of Maa Durga...god bless her and her family...

God given heart.God bless your whole <a href="">family.You</a> are so......sweet Sus.

Canfiuz video
She is real beauty with a golden .

Fake news it is her nephew

Stupid girl  the baby is her close frnd&#39;s baby n stop spreading rumour . N yes she is d lady wid golden heart .

Amazing lady
What a classy lady , God bless you .

God bless her..
reason why iam still a big fan of her even after decades.Bless her.

Report this video

I salute susmita mam aap real mother ho really

You are great susmeta i love your heart

U r the best

She is very humble towards everyone  and very cute

Is this her own baby

I respect opinion and good thought. But don&#39;t anyone think when women bear  9 month and give birth they develop more good bond. Celebrity adopting her surrogacy  is right when they can&#39;t have like normal way. But now it become fashion  to get baby through surrogacy even though they r normal. In no way I am pointing to sushmita but normally other celebrity they do.

Haram ka bacha

Sushmita is really a great human being is not at all easy to adopt a Child....my blessings always with her and family

salute her

shmushmita g apmjhy bht pasnd j bht nice smile apki apka bolna bht pasnd h her ashtamal khan

Really she is a miss universe

God bless you baby so cute baby congrats sushmita sen ji

It’s crap. Why are you spreading false information?

Yahan log apni name nahi dati to your children
Good ledy

I&#39;ll be most happy if she really  gives birth to baby .kaash ye news such hoti

Sushmita is the pride of Bengal

Sushmita ji so down to earth

Fake

God always bless you
Love to watch all your video.Kindly subscribe my channel and like videos. <a href="">#paavikamom</a>Whoever is reading this comment.. inshahallah u will get success in your life during these RamzanThanku &amp; regards

True miss. Universe ‍‍
Wow so cute baby boyWe love you sushmita sen Love from philippines

Are you looking for a way to earn money?
Susmitha you are super mom and kind hearted person keep doing this type of good things god bless you ️️️️️️️️
Real Hero

Salute to her

Wow that&#39;s great.Gongrats for the new born ,lov u susmita

Susmita's heart is more beautiful than her face.
She is amazing nd gloden heart lady with pure soul. amazing work.

Salute  her
<a href="">1:22</a> she says, bengali terms &quot;কি হয়েছে&quot;...
This baby also adopt or not?

What should I say, what should I write, Sushmita, I don't have anything to say about her, I don't have anything to say, maybe even less will be read.
I am so happy to se u susmitha sen adopting three children&#39;s

Golden soul love u mam
Wow

Who is the young guy in the video???

Title is a big lie. It&#39;s her friends baby,  her God son,  not her baby. Stupid idiots.

I love u sushmitaji
I think she will not marrry.... She will remain like salman..... But i want her to marry wit someone else so that she can get a full of love and care  from her husband.....

she is a real  Mashe is greatl am proud i am BengaliBecause Susmita is Bengali

Wow

She is soooooooo caring. 
proud of every bengali

Oh wow wow!this is rilly good news every new born bby in our lives en homes bring happiness en love to evryone may his future be bright lyk mrng sunrises en be victorious in evry thing and may u always bring happiness en strength to ur papa en mama en ur siblings.....God bless u sush for the new gift u hv brought to us mwaah loveeee u alll

Sons are kept wherever they want but it is a big deal to raise daughters as your own... Great.
I salute you Susmita sen

Love u to the moon 

Great job wow

God bless her

Thanks from chittagong  Bangladesh for very nice work and your kindness.May Allah bless you sister.

so cute <a href="">#thejaindhaba</a>
angelena juli bny ki try
Lovely  touching emotion God Bless

God blessed her with lot&#39;s of HAPPINESS .

She is  godess

Angel of these 3 kids...

Lovely infant baby...

God bless you

She is a true human. We all can just appreciate it 100 times, , but no one can really have the guts and heart to adopt, specially a girl. She did it and proved the world that, she is the the miss world from outer as well as her inner soul.

Such a wonderful lady

It&#39;s better to give home to a baby who doesn&#39;t HV parents instead of going fr Ivf

you please swallow the saliva before speaking....

Hat&#39;s off to you ma&#39;am

Congratulations to the both of them and the girls️

God bless u sushmita ji
U r angel. Lovely women I just love n respect u ever n evr

I love dear sushmita always u r realy human being

Everyone is proud of susmita.

Sushima ki friend ka baby hai instagram pe post kiiya

The title of this video is misleading.

She is a wonderful person n i like the way she talks 

Good job i salute
Women vd a big heart... Respect!!!

Mashalla

So cute

She is real mother salute for your beautiful heart

Your video was very confusing

Okay Iv just read it’s her godson her friends baby. Not hers

Good decision
This woman brings tears of pride to me she is such a beautiful soul bless u sush always love you and your ways

So sweet... Nice lady 
You are a horrible liar. Idiot she didn’t give birth it’s her friends son. Ullu ki pathi. Description sahi kar.

Gifted baby blessed by the great one to have sushmita as the mother

Sush Madam, you are a very wonderful human being, may you always be happy.
Great sushmitha Garu

These are donkey channels that save your friend's life... Every time you give wrong information
Best ever miss universe 
I really love u

Rarely find kind hearted person like Sush.... Love u a lodzzz... God bless you   

God bless you for each good thing you did thro out so many yearsGet married to live a complete happy life

Real mom

You are so sweet sush

Shadi kr k bcha hlal kr lyty haramie pyda krna tha

Bhtt hi new born baby ?

....fake news and title

God bless her

Best ever miss universe 
But isn&#39;t she 100 yrs old? I mean over 50 yrs old ?

Dude...what is the video all about and what u captioned it....

Susmita's heart is so good.
So cute baby 

Love for sush ma&#39;am

She is beautiful from in and out. There is only one real miss universe. And Aishwarya(fake) is no were stand in front of her.

Beautiful lady with beautiful heart!!!

Ridiculous video! Sheer fraud and misguiding theme line of the video to attract people!  U people deserve nothing but dislikes

Sushmita you are really very great than Aishwarya may god fulfill your all wishes that is why the reason you become Miss universe

This boy very luckyBecause he got 3 moms

Congratulations

Ma'am, you are no stranger to any goddess.
Best Sushmita Sen

Congratulations 

Aww, such a cute baby.  God bless him and his mom who is different from the rest.

Real mom.....

She is gold heart no attitude nothing

Sushmita Sen was my mother favourite s actress .

Congratulations to our diva .

Its her brother&#39;s son

I respect shushmita

God bless her 

Bless you sushi

I love her &amp; her  Smile her Voice  

I really respect u sushmita u r the best human being in this world. I like u I love u God blessed you and your family

Always favorite.

Who tells me that he will protect himself and not give birth to anything?
Didn't you get married?
so cute

So kivit baby

Luv u 
I solute ur kindness
Chutiyon .... this not her kid......check the news properly.....we dont have less stupid ppl here

Congratulations ............

She is too good 

Wow a lot of badhiya Hello friends Namastekar 
God showers u with lots of health and wealth darling.

She&#39;s the real beauty queen, most beautiful miss universe ever. She&#39;s got real beauty in and out. Not only hollow words. She&#39;s the real thing.She deserves this title more than anyone, she&#39;s worth it. She inspired me of adopting baby to give love, but I&#39;m not strong like her. I think too much about everything but I wish one day I get strength so that I can give my love to someone that deserves mother&#39;s love. Sushmita ji you are the best. Love, love love you sis. God bless you 

Love u didi
Great mother she is

Congratulation Sush. ....
Congratulation mam ...
Sushmita is marvellous

Beauty with brain and soft heart ...congratulations

This is her friends baby ‍️
Vase boyfrnd bna rakha h ......par shadi nai krni ...kmall ke h filmstar .....

love her soo much
Beautiful actress ..brilliant mind....Beautiful kind hearted woman

️youu sush
Mam u r..Real definition of miss universe..great legend good human beings..god bless you mam..

Mam u so kind ...... Beautiful soul

Wow soo cute baby boy

I wish,if every celebrity could think sushmita....

You are great sushmitha ji. I like your kind heart.god bless you all. 

Sushmita sen is my ideal personality she deserves more then she has

God bless her and her family...

I think she is real miss universe, miss world nd purest heart soul...

Shez d one soul to b set free....

Ye hoti real lady jo dusre kai bachche ko achhe se palti hai

May God bless you susmitaji and your children with all kinds of happiness

Duplicate  mom

She is really a good person

Cute both ,kiss kiss
Grand salute for my all time fav. Lady.

Nice

Congratulations Sushmita
God bless u shushmita.u r really a Great personality

Real women... Pure soul shusmita

A woman with a golden heart 

We are proud of her Sat Sat Naman

She really knows the value of children&#39;s .God bless you shushmita mam and also your children&#39;s.  

I have Nise
Love you Sushmitha, you are doing a lot of good work.
She is an angle on earth and beautiful soul. God bless

She is so sweet

Is this little boy adopted?

In true sense she is the miss Universe 
Shusshhhh

I have a baby here and have been adopted???
Really kind hearted love u always summita mam

Proud of you susmi g I love you

Congratulation
Respect from 🇵🇰

My favourite actress ️️️
Wish it would be better to have this mom to every child in the <a href="">world.so</a> that we will learn to listen to every children deserve to have great mom and life.

C is great no words to explain this beautiful lady.

false information

Very very congratulations  god bless you and your beautiful family ️️
Sushmita Sen mje bohat pasnd Hain wo such me ek khubsurat Dil rakhti Hain...  Love from Pakistan ️🇵🇰

You have done so much.
Congratulations 
She is real mom in the world ️️️️
Yes she is a real heroine in the reality love you sushmita for your big heart

May God bless you?
Love You Sus my All time favourite Golden ️ Person.
This video is stupid, Sush is not married to anyone and she has no baby, she has two adopted daughters, Alisa 10 years old and Renee who is 19 years old.

Hello miss universe
It&#39;s they are not her boy

Very nice

Great actor with gr8 heart

Ms Sen has a golden heart, a true Miss Universe

Is this baby boy Shusmita's daughter or is he adopted?
Congregation

Beautiful couple.... Beautiful family.
Spam! Reporting it!

I’m so happy for her congratulations!!!

Are you sure ?
Arre bete ke hone se pehle pragnancy ki kabar toh de dete kyuki abhi 4 mahine bhi nhi hue uske bhai ki shadi hue tab pragnent nhi lag rahi thi aur baby without shadi aur ager god son bolrahe hoto kis basis pe

He is Rohman Shawl not Rohmil Shawl check spelling before writing

nice didi
I cannot say she is the perfect but pure hearted

Excuse me ye susmita ji ke freind ki baby hai.adopted nahi hai.instagram me jake dekho.kuch v likh dete ho aap log very bad

Vr is this Ashram?Sushmita ji u r  super star

Sushmita, a mother with a heart.

Awww soooo sweeeeet
Great mom

Susmita to Susmita he perfect .life ho film ho. Khubsurat adakara.nachiz, behtreen lajawab actress.

When was she pregnant?

I love you sush for your kind hearted personality and a very good human being

I really love sush....  Beti Bachao Beti Padhao ke Aap Ambassador Honi Chahiye.... Really
Sushmita Sainha. Tmhain bht bht mubarak ho. tmny. You have been so kind to your two daughters. I love you. Sushmita Sainha.
M very proud to u susmita. I salute u. God bless you all ur family 

From where  do u get ur stories? This is totally   crap.  She is holding  her best friend&#39;s child.

God bless u baby...welcome to this WORLD ....stay blessed  keeps u safe from all danger..

 Indian Queen 
Kr lo mza chk lo
Apna b peda kr

Super mom
Congratulations and god bless your loving family Sushmita

U r my inspiration god bless you

Salute shushmita Sen best actress god bless you with all kids best jodi

superb 
She is very nice and beautifull lady

Beauty with beautiful  heart 
God bless you susmita. We loveu

Wen was she pregnant??  I didn&#39;t see dat baby bump

She is the best beautiful person inside and out and a loving mom 

reason why she became miss universe, a gold heart lady

Congratulations sis jo acha kam karta hai Allah usko kabhi usko nai chordata aapko 2 daughters, Allah ne apko 1 son bhi diya.
Wowww

Love u salute this lady fr her love on kids

She is super  love you sush

The best thing in the world is that we are miss universe
....AWWWW SO BLESSED ️️️️
Cute baby and the sister is very proud holding the litter bhayyya. Congratulations to you Sushmita.

Hats off to you... Mentor...God bless

Very nice

Sushmita ne adopt Kiya he yaa janm diya he is bacchey ko

So cute,God bless all of them

This is not her baby. Friend&#39;s baby

Her own baby

we have to take car of mother

Happy you blessed child mashallah

Mashallah
The love you have for your own children cannot be given to anyone else. If you will have a child then you will experience true love. which will lead to greater sins at some point due to this feeling.
Sush is totally different..... unique.....uncomparable to any one....love u sush

She kept her promise when she won the miss universe title..rest of the people make big promises and forget.she is a genuine <a href="">person.love</a> and  respect for her

God bless u sushmita️u r great
She is really great...May God blessed her..May all people think like her...

Congratulations SushmitaYour little bundle of joy is so georgous and cute.God Bless You And Family.

Or did he give birth?
U r a real beauty of the world

Great work  Shushmita has guts no-one else 
Jadooo.... great work
Sali teri awsz boht slow aur bakwas hai.

Great women
God bless yu

Hats off and my salute to the lady.

Sush beauty inside out . Congrats darling

I wish she has her own baby also

Mashaa Allah. Great women.

That&#39;s why she is a real miss univers very proud of her ️

Sushmita is the best lady of industry...love her ...kudos sush️️

Can&#39;t she have her own babies

Lady with a great think

Sushmita is the one of the exception from all the other actors male/female, with golden heart...love her soooo much.

Shush you are an angel

Congratulation.
LIARS....its her friends&#39; son...stop this shit...pls

Woow. God bless you all

Why she can not give porn baby ???

Fake news!!.. absolutely  a lie! Pls stop fooling people around..change the title of your video!!.

So cute beby
Instead of just talking talking finally Sushmita got the baby but from Romil or Some other source. Biology remains a question, that it is a father surrogacy or mother on maternity leave. But yes India is a shelter home for all kids.

Guys its her friend who&#39;s blessed with a baby. Its put on her instagram account. Who ever has uploaded this video please stop fooling people.

Great mom

This babe is not her babe ......pls cheak her Instagram post

Get your facts right before posting things.. its sushmita mam&#39;s  friend child...

I am a young man or a boy, I am full of sorrows, or this is the wisdom of 90 years of Allah.
mashallah se
Congrats Sushmita ji

Sushmita Ka  husband bhi baby boy hai.

So sweet bless you.... 

Please check your facts.. anything???
This is not her child

Beauty Queen with a beautiful golden heart .

Congratulations to sushmita and her husband

Arre kitne bf..

Congragulations Susmita mam ... God bless you more in every step of life ... A strong woman !

What will happen to Sushmita?
Boy friend????

great lady miss sushmitasen

She is just awsme ur grt mam

Why she adopting and not having own kids omg shes too much publicity figure‍️

She is the best  God bless 

When did you get married?
He&#39;s a adorable  baby
OMG  she (sushmita sen  ) give birth two baby without marriage?

This is not her baby. Please don&#39;t cheat here.

Complete family ️
You are very good person God bless you

Hatts off to her... I wish Allah make me so capable tat i adopt one baby in my life... Its my dream to do it... Inn shaa Allah i will.. Aameen

Congratulations

Click air. U should be ashamed of urself. U just want the views so u post fake news?? Don&#39;t be so desperate for money dear. God!!!

Fake news!!  And joke is people are congratulating. Ullu banao n Ullu ban bhi rahe Hai log

God bless u mam
Really Susmita ji you have done a great job because giving life to other's children is of no use.
God bless you love u

You are amazing mam....lotsssss of love and best wishes

God bless you susmita

Congratulations... God bless you baby..

God bless you sushmita

fake news! she is not yet married, Rohmil Shawl is still her boy friend....... then why this fake news, that she is blessed with a baby boy........ if you want to earn money, then start searching for 9 to 5 job  and take up a good job don&#39;t run this channel

Shez such a nice person...No words by this I can feel your an incredible human being out there..   many more congratulations to you all

I salute this great and bold woman .God will shower blesngs on U.

Abey yeh toh Sushmita ki nehi Uski friend ki baby hai yaar  fake news

She is such an adorable woman.. ..such a bless woman

Congratulation your so great i m proud of uh... lady

You live your life in your way.... just love you susmitha

Complete family happy family based only on love

very nice

is age me bacha kesy ho gya???

Bless you sushi

Great lady 

Your  great  great  madam,  har  place  god  nahi  hote, so  aap jasi  log  god  hote  hai.madam  you  are  great  great  human  beings, God  bless  madam 

God bless Sushmitha Sen.  You are an epitome of love and care

Good job
Fake news this baby was her friends

I am married to myself so that I can reveal myself.
Love u sushmita...
Congratulations

Mubarak ho



Waw

She is a wonder ful lady i love you susmitha

Fake news.

Good God bless you

Actually, she is the real mom. Means... She delivered the babies and shows it as if she is adopting them...

Kuch bhi news banate hai media wale...... Sushmita got engaged but not married yet. this news is totally fake. But love to hear this good news in near future.

Wrong heading

Adopted h?

In true sense Icon of beauty n above it  a beautiful mind in real world 

Ye b adopted ha????
Sushmita sen Ke friend Ka Beta Hua h :D :D

It&#39;s her godson<a href="">#rangolibysumi</a>

It is not her baby might be adopted

Yes, I am still adopting, but I have no children, I am not able to give birth.
So ravishing n positive Women Allah pak bless her
Sushmita is a great

Susmita ji
Amazing these are so beautiful.
Great women 

May God bless you

Congratulations Sushmita 
Great mom

sushmita&#39;s bf rohmil is so cute

Sushmita beautiful lady ...she is very natural perfect decent lady

It is a fake news... It is her Godson...

She is a gem...

Esky didn't save himself????
but my limit
O.....so cute baby

Other.actors should fellow her footsteps she is a mother

Kitna jhootha channel and bakwaas and misleading..

True MISS UNIVERSE. Jaisa said the same thing we were doing. aur dusri sundaryan title jitte wqt mother teresa banna chahti hu lkib tharki bani firti hai
She is gem of a person!!!

You  are  unique person you are grateful

Great lady

Why did you not have children after getting married?
Congratulations

Apne bache to sb Born krte he pr kise anath bache ko palna bhut badhi bat he great sushmita

Why u posting fake news ? Its not her baby boy. Her frnds son

Kya isk apne bache nhe ho sakte kya

Boyfriend se shadi kar K apnay bachey paida kar ley

She is really very wonderful lady and good human being

So nice mom susmita

Congrats my favorite  mam

Wow seriously she&#39;s having a great heart in Bollywood industry..

My heart is happy that I have lived thousands of years.
Real hero. I like her very much.

Congratulations mam god bless both of you

This is her friend kid..

wow..woman with the most amazing kindest heart ever! shes one of the most humble down to earth person alive on Earth! shes an example for women, u don&#39;t need a man in ur life to spend ur entire life with. u can live alone independently without having to listen to a man&#39;s garbage every day! I don&#39;t think she will get married anytime soon...having lived her life independently, I don&#39;t think shes still ready to take any man&#39;s bullshit in her life..bt I&#39;ll be happy if she settles down with this dude shes dating..that is, if he even deserves such a golden woman.

Sushmita U R a great lady

I&#39;m am salute her and god bless you with such a real mom proud of you

God bless you Sushmita ji app Jaisa Koi Bhi Nahin Hai
Miss Universe for a reason .  Love you sushmi ️
Good heart

Congratulations sush

Congrats mam ur really lovely mom and great salute

shush my fav

What a great lady sushmita sen

very good lady

Congrats to Susmita and her daughter.

She is the real so kind women

Sushmita is so nice and great lady

Superwomen
Very nice n beautiful heart u have let god help u in every step of life

Seshmita Seen Shadi k ke apna becha q ni peda krti.
Salute susmita ji

sushmita mam app is such a miss universe... no one has a heart like yours which gives so much love to children or makes their life better. Because of you, you did not get married or have children because there are already so many orphan children in this world who need the love of a mother or father. You did this work. May God always keep you happy or everyone is with you.
Women with a golden heart

It is her friend&#39;s son.  Not her...

Everything about this lady is beautiful, the way she talks, the things she does such an inspiration 

She&#39;s always my favourite love you

Golden heart girl
Congratulations mam

My favorite ️ actor ko thanks

CongratulationsAllah bless you
Omg..did channel must be awarded as Da most foolest one

My fav heroin congration

Congratulations Susmita Sen and her family love you a lot.

Pls get ur facts right. It is her friend&#39; s daughter

She is real Miss Universe

she is the best miss universe till now

My actual miss universe
Good ma&#39;am

That&#39;s not Susmita Sen&#39;s baby...it&#39;s her friends....dude..Post sum true n good stuffs

Congratulations with your baby boy  .

God bless u mam respect
I think she is the first unmarried celebrity... With such a humble heart ....who adopted children and started the trend... .i totally admire her. She is an example for many. Surrogacy is something else... It needs a great courage and heart to adopt children one after other. God Bless your lovely family

Wrong news

Proud of you mam

Congratulations great job

Congratulations n GOD bless u .

supper sushmita sen your thinking

I can't let my own child go.
U r real hero ma&#39;am.
God bless Sushmita and her beautiful family. Great woman, actress, mum and human being. I salute you for your BIG HEART.

Love u sush.Apne baccho ko to sabhi paalte hain. This is true love.

She is a great lady nd a beautiful human being,God bless her

God bless u mam nd ur little one also. 

Congratulations

God bless you shushma. Apka dil boht bda h. Love u and salute u

Matlab kuch bhi...please check your facts before putting taglines on videos...wtf

Superb

No amount of words will be enough to praise you, you have done a great job.
Mashallah God bless your loved ones..aameen
Fake news not her son for get more information search her real id u can see truth

U are The Best Woman 
Congratulations

False newsShe qas never pregnant

Love u Sushmita alawys..i m big fan of u..

Sushmita mam I m always your fan...god bless you

Fake news

The blood of those who claim the title will last forever. Jhuti man.
I salute her

Congarutlions

God bless you!

Anybody can explain in English can&#39;t understand?
Sushmita you are a beautiful human.....God Bless you. May God gives you all happiness in your life.

iski shadi kb hui? wesy congrates to u

Sush d great
Nice girl
She  has  diamonds ️ heart also big heart . I am salute .

Congratulations sushmita. You are a mega star

apna bbay b kro yr adopt kre ho ache bt hai pr apna khud ka kroo to sbko acha lgega adopt krke bht acha kam kri ho pr apna ek hota to thk rha

bkwas chnnnlllll aur bby kse hgaya abi

Kind hearted women in bollywood...hatsoff to you mam

Itni mahan ban&#39;ne Ka shauk hai wo to Sahi h but khud Ka bhi baby to kr Sakti h...sab natak h aur kuch nai

Beautiful lady with beautiful heart. Congratulations.

What a golden heart!!...may God bless her and her children

God bless you <a href="">madam.you</a> are the inspiration for <a href="">us.love</a> you

Wow so cute to make proud all womens

Hmmm good
She is having great heart......no one can be like her...

Fake news. Everybody check in insta

Sometimes we meet an angel and go there.
ap bahut great ho sushmita mam......

Susmita sen  hello her
Sushmita, I am not your mother but you are my mother.
Love you sushmita you always great god bless you

Sushmita sen ji many many congratulations
Ab dekho Bhai aisaa hai... ke Yaa to tum log apne aap ko bahoooooot hoshiyaar samzte hoo... Ya fir hum loogo ko bahoooott bada bewkuff... Ye baby sushmita ka nahi adopted by sushmita h... Ye baby sushmita ki best friend srijaya ka h... N Bhai Instagram hum log bhi use karte h chutiye.....

This is a real achievement
God bless you, Susmita.

Susmita sen is most better then aswareya

Such a luck baby  god bless you shus 

Real beauty

Such a great news lu sushmita...

I have my baby or adopted it
Husband kon hy 

Fake news. It&#39;s her brother&#39;s kid

Sushmita Sen's friend's child is not hers.
Lot&#39;s of love sush

Toh aapka video gaalat hai adopt likho blessedkyu

Lucky boy ! He got a supermom!
Iz she not married ?

You are a very sweet and nice person, there are very few people like you in this world... Sushmita Sen ji.
God bless you  so cute



I m big fan of u mam all the best

Gr8  job Sus

Susmita you are a great

Congratulations  God bless you

Ilikeyoushusmeta
Kya kya aap ho ...sushmita...we are speech less .....you are simply wonderful.....love yu sush ......

Susmita

Mubarak ho sushmita bohat bohat deer aay durust aaye

Very good

God bless whole family

saram karo kamino..ye baby sushmita ki best frnd frnd ka h..

So cute baby

Whose mother's son is this?
May god bless you and your family one of my favorite lady with golden heart

Well done Sush! Good heart, generous,pure, giving, awesome lady.

But she&#39;s not married 
Sushmita you are really True mom.

Was she expecting..Didnt know

Salute to you

Lady with Golden Heart

Salute you mam you inspired me alot

CONGRATULATIONS SUSMITA SEN, GOD BLESS YOU and YOUR CHILDRENS

God bless her with lot and lots of love

Just luv her she is great soul

Even though I never gave birth to children, I am no less loving than a true mother. I am proud of you.
Nobody is like Sushmita.....A very unique person...

God bless you dear.
Stay blessed
God bless you sush mame i have no word 
He is her friend&#39;s Shreejaya and Chaitanya&#39;s son...not her&#39;s

Wowww. U r too good mam. U r real mom. Seriously.  God bless u m ur three children always.  God bless them all. Congratulations 

Sushmita sen is an angel 

she is a real mom... giving name to other children is very important...salute her 
What a lady you are my friend...
Many congratulations to my most favourite lady sushmita sen 

Congratulations god bless ur baby

.. hats off to her.. god bless

Sushmita is gr8 heart lady

Great humanbeeing Sushmita ji... I am big fan for a long time of you.... And this time I am heart core fan for your kind heart also... love you soooo much Sushmita ji.... Aishwarya Rai  is waste in front of your beauty and kind heart....

CAN&#39;T HELP BUT JUST &#39;LOVE HER&#39; GREATEST INSPIRATION OF TIS CENTURY HUGS N SALUTE 
sushmita is mylove for ever

Looks like adopted lucky child u really got golden heart ,you r such a beautiful soul from inside out

Just Respect.. 
Mother to mother Hoti hai jitni mrji vdi actress bn jaye mother ki mmta kbi nhi bhoolti aurat
MASHA ALLAH cute baby ALLAH naseeb achy kre Ameen ️

Ya ALLAH, my house is also like this, a cute little baby will come soon, please take care of me, or Ya ALLAH, my wife is also like this, she has given me the nawaaz from the sweet spot, ameen, summa ameen.
May God blessed Sushmita&#39;s 3 children 4ever n ever always...
Such a grtt work mam

My God.... what a lady.... salute her...u beat Even men...I just love u.. God bless u Dr...I m a big fan of after watching all this Ur .... lovely Dr....

Congratulations to both of you God bless you all

Women with golden heart.. proud of u

Wow sushmita hume tum pe garv hai

Baby boy looks like his dad.... many many congratulations

9ic

congrats sush for adopting a boy and will bring great happiness for family.

No chk on insta..its her friends son..baby

Good heart susimta sen god bless her  u
 is she is pregnant or blessed with adopted son

Nice

Adopted hai kya?

Ye news sach hai?
