She looked like Nazia Hassan
He is dhanush like a

Very entertaining movie   
Shark Tank India Contestants can learn something from this as to how to pitch their own ideas

Plzz upload the full movie

She was so good looking before all surgeries

Full movie 
Anushka is now the queen of Bollywood ️
These two were so promising and didn&#39;t give a damn about a star debut, they were stars themselves.

Best scene of BBB. Saw 8 times in theatres only and only for ANUSHKA...The Maharashtra Say magic girl&#39;. ..

Movie chi
Full movie chi
Band baja barat full video lagado yaar
Anuska beuty ufff...

How to download this movie

Hello everyone Handsome brothers, help me subscribe to my YouTube channel, please. Because subscribing is free 
Nicee

I love you Anushka sharma

India
omg omg OMG!!



Nice bro

Super

Ci jak. Ko in u in l. P

Please upload full movie  Band baaza Baraat

Plz ta ta rum pum movie scene upload
Please Dhoom 2 movie scene upload

Dhoom 2 my favourite

Plz plz
Please please dhoom 2 and ta ra rum pum movies scenes upload

Osm video

Hai from indonesia..i like bollywood movies..subscribe my channel ya

nice

Omg ranveer looks like 15 year old!!! Omgggggg 
Who all liked anushka&#39;s old face before her lip job

Anushka, my salute to your family  for serving india in best of ways ::1)Your father is a KARGIL WAR HERO 2)You became india&#39;s YOUNGEST FEMALE PRODUCER at age of 25....And an OUTSIDER in movies 3)Your husband being the CAPTAIN OF INDIAN CRICKET TEAM and BEST BATSMAN IN THE WORLD God bless you &amp; your family🇮🇳<a href="">#RESPECT</a>

I dont think I have any seen any celeb who is as amazing, kind, honest, detached and real in life as is QUEEN ANUSHKA.... To see her evolve as an actor and person since her debut in Rab ne bana di jodi is such a treat in itself... God bless you always ANUSHKA ️

Wow

Where to watch your movies

Best movie ever
Lovely

Vha

Suparb...

Checkout my Wasseypur Avengers style trailer

Gully boy aagaye

Second comment

3 coment

If you do not accept your mistakes on time, you end up making another mistake. You can learn from your mistakes only when you accept your mistakes.
