Anyone 2024  ?
Dhdh

100 reasons to stay alive: 

1. to make your parents proud

2. to conquer your fears

3. to see your family again

4. to see your favourite artist live

5. to listen to music again

6. to experience a new culture

7. to make new friends

8. to inspire

9. to have your own children

10. to adopt your own pet

11. to make yourself proud

12. to meet your idols

13. to laugh until you cry

14. to feel tears of happiness

15. to eat your favorite food

16. to see your siblings grow

17. to pass school

18. to get photo chips 

19. to smile until your cheeks hurt

20. to meet your internet friends

21. to find someone who loves you like you deserve

22. to eat ice cream on a hot day

23. to drink hot chocolate on a cold day

24. to see untouched snow in the morning

25. to see a sunset that sets the sky on fire

26. to see stars light up the sky

27. to read a book that changes your life

28. to see the flowers in the spring

29. to see the leaves change from green to brown

30. to travel abroad

31. to learn a new language

32. to learn to draw

33. to tell others your story in the hopes of helping them

34. Puppy kisses.

35. Baby kisses (the open mouthed kind when they smack their lips on your cheek).

36. Swear words and the release you feel when you say them.

37. Trampolines.

38. Ice cream.

39. Stargazing.
40. Morning walk.

41. Taking a shower and then sleeping in clean sheets.

42. Receiving thoughtful gifts.

43. “I saw this and thought of you.&quot;

44. The feeling you get when someone you love says, “I love you.&quot;

45. The relief you feel after crying.

46. Sunshine.

47. The feeling you get when someone is listening to you/giving you their full attention.

48. Your future wedding.

49. Your favorite candy bar.

50. New clothes.

51. The first Love in life.

52. Really good bread.

53. Holding your child in your arms for the first time.

54. Completing a milestone (aka going to college, graduating college, getting married, getting your dream job.)

55. The kind of dreams where you wake up and can’t stop smiling.

56. The smell before and after it rains

57. The sound of rain against a rooftop.

58. The feeling you get when you’re dancing.

59. The person (or people) that mean the most to you. Stay alive for them.

60. Trying out new recipes.

61. The feeling you get when your favorite song comes on the radio.

62. The rush you get when you step onto a stage.

63. You have to share your voice and talents and knowledge with the world because they are so valuable.

64.Breakfast in bed.

65. Getting a middle seat in the movie theater.

66. Breakfast for dinner (because it’s so much better at night than in the morning).

67. Pray (if you are religious) 

68. Forgiveness.
69. Water balloon fights.

70. New books by your favorite authors.

71. Fire works on New year.

72. Birthdays.

73. Realizing that someone loves you.

74. Spending the day with someone you

75. Opportunity to create meaningful and lasting relationships.

76. Joy and happiness in the little things.

77. Potential to learn, grow, and evolve as a person.

78. The power to inspire others.

79. The ability to create art, music, and other forms of self-expression.

80. Explore different cultures, traditions, and ways of life.

81. Thunderstorms.

82. Experience the joys of parenthood and raise a family.

83. Walking in Rain.

84. Spontaneous adventures.

85. Being wrapped up in a warm bed.

86. First day at gym.

87. Holding hands.

88. The kind of hugs when you can feel a weight being lifted off your shoulders. The kind of hug where your breath syncs with the other person’s, and you feel like the only two people in the world.

89. Singing off key with your best friends.

90. Road trips.

91. The taste of your favorite food.

92. The feeling of sand beneath your toes.

93. The feeling when the first ocean wave rolls up and envelops your toes and ankles and knees.

94. Make a positive impact on the environment and help protect the planet.

95. Cloud watching.

96. Walking at night under the shadow of stars.

97. The Pleasant breeze at sea side. 

98. The day when everything finally goes your way.

99. Compliments and praise.

100. to look on this moment in 10 years time and realize you did it.

Whenever you see my comment pls like it so i can listen this masterpiece

Nice
Rip suhani bhatnagar 
24-1-2024 My father has experienced ..I don't even know how much I will tell you in Umar..today JB is saddened by the bad news of his daughter and I wish my father would not have given me such courage.. dun ya khud ko..smjh ni ata..miss you Papa
Who is here in 2024

Anyone in 2024??

Heart touching song 
It&#39;s 2024 ,still this one is masterpiece 

Am from Nigeria I didn’t understand what the music is all about but I love it from the bottom of my heart the beat the voice is perfect 

This song is better than whole animal movie

Rest in peace Suhani Bhatnagar (junior Babita)
My favorite india song  twist of fate , emily,Mehek ,

Who will listen to this song in 2024 and like it?
Hi  I like you  hi cute
2024  still favorite
Every time i listen to this song...i remember us Chintu.......

True love is never found. Why do you rule, friend?  
My father used to be strict with me and my mother was soft. I was very upset with him during school and college days. But after having my own family I understand how difficult it is to be a father.

This song never gets old. No matter how much I listen to it, I never get bored.

Omg i&#39;m crying
Who watching 2024

Naina
I love u mama papa
Rip

True love is never found. Why do you rule, friend?  
Nise
I have ended the darkness that tried to scare me by burning myself.” Kumarrohit
Most of the best singer AJ love USA

Do you remember what does not give relief?
Heart Touching song. That &quot;Saans Hairan hui&quot; and &quot;Nainaaaaaaa........&quot; makes me cry.
2024    same emotions

How many people  lessen this song. When they are fill alone or sad  . I personally like this in 2024

Very emotional spng
Am from Kenya but i  love this song a lot

S̤a̤d̤
Who is there 2024 to lisen this masterpiece 

What is song 

Suhani( Babita ) we will miss u a lot ......RIP

Arijit sir 
This song hurts like hell

Very Emotional song

2024

So beautiful song my heart touching song 
Since childhood, I have been feeling this from somewhere else.... Oh my god, I have been living somewhere else 
I've had enough of walking, my friends are blaming me... My only solution is this... It hurts me but no one cares about me, I feel like I'm committing suicide... Parr. I am suffering from so much sorrow 
I lost my mom she passed away 3 month ago I can&#39;t tell how much I miss him

I miss my dad 
I&#39;m here after 2017
Is it me other Will Smith&#39;s King Richard seems a copy of Dangal ‍️

Still love this song in 2024

Its a motivation songI want everyone to be successful in life and give happiness to there parents ‍

Heart touching 

And now time is 2024  but still this song  in everyones  heart&#39; ️‍

Mj to roon aa ga 
Rip suhani bhatnagar 
Song name

Who is here in 2024 to hear . This heart touching song 

Childhpod memories
Who is here after death of Babita. 

Aaj hi to astrology me sun rahe the ki agar koi apna network ka galat istemaal kaarta hain to usake bachhe ke married life me problem create hota hain, kyuki 11th house activate ho jata hain

Dil se filling niklti hai is song k liye  arjit singh legend or amir khan is G.O.A.T

Heart touching lyrics

Very heart touching song.. I was litterly crying while listening 

Anyone in 2024 ????

 l miss you my bestie

24 me koi hai bai log
Arijit daa voice uff 
Ye song me farewell me bolne wali hun. Best song 

It&#39;s 2024 ...never disappoint to fall in love with this

Ok
I am a chemistry teacher. Brought up two girls successful. One at US doing masters and younger at IIT. My journey with them make me cry every day.. Through listening this beautiful song. Thank you Arijith and the maker of Dangal

faimly is very imp 

After jee result
Why do you kiss someone after just one smile no matter how close you are
 my favourite song
Meri papa fuck us 
I like this song 

2024 still the best song 

Industrial units located in Kolkata, Mumbai, Delhi, Ahmedabad are heavily polluting the water of the rivers originating from these cities. The main waste materials of India are fly ash, phosco-gypsum and iron-steel impurities. The effect of water pollution on human , affects the entire animal community including plants. Its biggest victims are humans and microorganisms.
My best song
<b>This song is so touching...Naina......:)</b>

Who will be there in 2024?
it was my best frnd&#39;s fav. song but now we are not togetherthiss song reminds me of himit&#39;s very hard forr me I miss him sooo much

<a href="">1:19</a>  listen that song at this time unbelievable feelings 

River valley projects provide excellent areas for fishing. Fish makes protein available to people at low cost. Expansion of irrigation facilities, Government of Bihar).
Construction of river valley projects has led to a significant increase in hydropower production. After independence, many multi-purpose river valley projects have been developed in different parts of the country. Apart from this, many projects have been made keeping in mind the production of hydro power. As a result of all these projects, we have developed about 40 percent of our total potential hydro power.
Nice song
The country is rich in iron-rich minerals, but poor in deposits of non-ferrous minerals. The major mineral fuels found in the country are coal, oil, natural gas which are sources of power. The country is rich in iron ore, manganese, mica, bauxite, beryllium, silica, corundum etc. It is self-sufficient in sandstone, dolomite, coal, limestone, salt, saltpeter, copper, marble etc. There is shortage of petroleum, platinum, potash, silver, sulfur, tin, lead, tungsten.
The area under forests in the country is much less than one-third of the scientific model. To maintain the balance between human activities, the area under forests will have to be increased. The livelihood of millions of people living near forest areas depends on it. Although its area has increased in 2002-2003 as compared to 1960-61.
Arjit sing is my favorite singer 

Arjit sing is my favorite singer 

<a href=""> jadui link
Full movie name pllzz guys 
As already said, the object of the active sentence is made the subject of the passive sentence. This means that only transitive verbs (affirmative verbs) have passive form. Intransitive verbs do not have a passive form. You see the following sentence - He is sleeping.
This Song will rule for DECADES

Any one 2024
2024
I always cry  listening to this song it hit differently

Prayer  ️M️
The song is uff 
wow
‏‪<a href="">2:15</a>‬‏ leg  and a bit better today but I don&#39;t think so  I was thinking  and

Dqhy 
I want to see this movie, release in the theatres is any there like me please like this comment... thank you

Brother rule de sad song 
Neet aspirant kon kon h 
I come here weekly once to cry off Anyone in 2024

Listening to this song reminds me of World Cup 2023 and makes me cry 

Which song will remain in 2024
Who is here in 2024 to hear this heart touching and beautiful song ?

My favorite song...

here 2024
Masterpiece listening in 2024

2024
Very deep meaning in the lyrics of this song!!

Listening to this song you realize that no one is yours except your parents.

who watching 2024?

Jai ho ji 
Har baap ka song hai

2024 here .. ️
Very emotional kar deta hai yaar ye wala song 
That&#39;s too much hurted song can&#39;t feel every person 

2024 watch vale like kare
<a href="">#stopvivekbindra</a>
expressions

Whenever i lusten this song i started crying its so emotional 

I have also loved you so much that it has been 3-4 years that I have not been loving you as much as I am loving you now It's been 3 days and there is no reply from her side 
Make 4 mistakes in life but never fall in love
Who’s watching this masterpiece in 2024

Legends are listening this masterpiece in 2024

Such a beautiful song, but  I will always have listening, over and over...

In 2024 also who is still listening this   masterpiece song of arjit singh 

Very good song arjit singh bhai

Any legend listening this masterpiece in 2024

Happy for those whose father sacrifice for their kids&#39; future unlike mine, my father is a drunker n never care about us at all. Its always my mother who did eveeything she could. Love my mom so much 

I am  dead from the  inside

Who is here in 2024

I miss you bestuu 
Accha song dil khush hoo gaya rog yasha hona chahiye nice song
Hearts touching arijit sir , love from Pakistan

Song 
Love you song
When ever I free lonely in this world, whenever I miss daddy so much this song becomes my comforter

Feeback
I am  most big fan arijit singh
Can you name this movie?
Aamir khan️
We too will do wonders soon, it will take time for my dream to come true and my name will be in the pure village and family.
Even if you get success, your time has come after not getting success or sadness.
Arjit voice touching heart from inside 

Papa my super hero miss u pappa..
Today is Friday  On one Friday I lost my life's Laiga Maisha ️ I don't talk to you for many days but every Friday I remember you more Maisha 
I listing this song because feeling very hopeless, depressed 

Who are watching in 2024 
Pure soul song 
I listen to this song a lot when bae  is with me and I swear she develops feelings for bae
 nice  song lyrics tahsan actor Amir Khan ️ love  with daughter 
We miss you Papaji 
King of voice 
What a song yrr fall in love with this song

I like this song 

hi

I listen to this whenever I miss someone I know I’ll never meet again. 

Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

Bichar ka aj roo diye ha yu 
2024 Wale attendance do 
Who is here in 2024 to hear this heart touching nd beautiful song 

Who is watching 2024 

May 2024 be the sun
That vibe is ️ no song can sit ittttt inand watching this in 2024️

2024 
Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

I Love This Song - ️

I don't understand what is said in this song, but prati and hanbidans les (change of destiny on zee Magic) made me fall in love with this music
Heart brokers watching this in 2024 

Even today this song is my all time favourite.
 U 
2024 here

2024
2024
Ask someone whose heart is broken, what does this song say?
*Who is here in 2024 to hear this heart touching and beautiful song*.....

Arijit Singh sir She doesn&#39;t loves me and never will

2024

Very sad song 

Is any one there in 2024

It&#39;s 2024... Still this song never disappoints me .. such a soulful song 

movie name
Heart touching
it is 2024 and still this song makes me cry .....

Arjit Singh and amir khan 

Masterpiece 
Who&#39;s here 2024 ?

Wow fantastic song Because this song is a Naina song

I like this song Because this is a motivational song for all lovers thanks byy

Fantastic  
Im here 2024 january 9 2:24 am . hail the parents
Who is listening in 2024

Will break the mobile 
This song fits into my heart
Best
I love this song as it has fantastic lyrics and its melodious 

How can i express my feeling when i heard this song

Friend, who will be yours who will understand me?
Still listening this masterpiece in 2024 

<a href="">1:03</a>

i love you song i really miss you aarijit sing 

 Milk Challenge Har Dum...
Where in 2024 will this song continue
I lost my nana 6 days Ago. And I miss him so muchh Please naanu come backk we all want youu.This song reminds me of him i watched this film first time with him..

It&#39;s 2024, but till very emotional song

2024 legends 
This song got appropriate judgement only from Arijit.Like if you are agree.

I fill sorry to those facing bad things

So sad

Who is watching song in 2024

Maybe Seema won't miss me when she listens to this song but from the end of this song I just cry because of her  stay well 
Dis song is filling very good sOm 
@Bamarifectstion0
My favourite song ....kiska kiska favourite song h ye pls like kre
Lovesong️️
Fantastic 

An intelligent sharing of power among legislature, executive and judiciary is very tempting important to the design of a democracy. In this and the next two chapters we carry this idea of power sharing forward. 

If someone listen this song in 2024 please like the button

My favourite song

One man only 
Kash hm mil pate 
This song depicts the deep trust of yr parents towards u .....and I really feel that 

I love this    
Emotional song 
Who will be the sun in 2024
hii sir
still can&#39;t believe 7 years passed

Heart tuching yarr really ️
My heart 
That my favourite song and I love it so much this song ..that was very old song but I like this

Those eyes ,shows everything
Old is gold pubg mobile light 2023 besmber 27
Like the one who makes the sun cry
This song make me emotional 
This is not only song this is emotion yrr

Missing my old legend friends group

Nice song 
I really miss you papa
Family important 
Papa ji
Never trust anyone. My loved ones have broken me too much. Now I feel suffocated at the thought of dying. I miss my father 

2024

My favorite song arjit sing I love you so muchQ mujhse. Are you far away? Newyear is coming 2 years of our relationship I miss you so much
Feel this song

Who is here in the end of December 2023

my world best father

Best emotional song even in 2024...
I am feeling so so bad for Palestinian kidss  just be humansss 

I love me sed song

 I love my dad
my life is a struggle  i am a student middle class family members depression exam

This song always break my heart into pieces 

Miss u harsu JAAN my Yaar 
Ase lag rha jse yeh song mere hi upar h  ase mnn kr rha h jse marr jaa hu 
Nostalagia

Music is something where you can feel emotion happy or sad

This song is not written to a pen this is written to a pain

Sad song
Who listening this song in 2023 

i love song my favirat song
That's the truth, why did he look at me so harshly 
I Iike this song 

Naina jo sanj khwab dekhte the Naina, bhichad ke aaj ro diye hai kyu...

KYU SAWALON KA DIL ME UTHA TUFA SA HAIN.

This song is just like sukoon

NainaJo looks at the evening meal, the naina is crying today, the Naina who wakes up at night, the Naina is looking at the main eyelids. Why are you here, man is worried, why is my life so sad, why are you despairing, why are you in my heart, why is there a storm in the heart of the sky, the stars in the sky are shining in your eyes today, your eyes are looking for the sun, you are looking for them. Those who have taken this oath, now this game has been changed.
Nice 
If nothing makes you cry, this song will

Aamir: Now you are not my daughter…you are my wife️
I lost my friend plz  for him
(Law of Use or Exercise) - This law means - practice makes perfect. If we keep practicing any task, we learn to do it easily and become skilled in it, we cannot become skilled in riding a bicycle or playing any sport without practicing. According to Kolesnik The rule of practice justifies the repetition or practice of any work.
Best song
Broken eyes In Tears  And This Song 

Arijit is Erajit
3 years n still not on Spotify 

Why tf is not this on Spotify 

I miss my friend for ever 
Hyeeee hart&#39;s touching line i
I love my favourite song 
My heart broken song 
In this song we feel pain of life

To be very honest... This song is underrated....

So best mewsic
Onscreen Baap Beti.Off screen:

When ur parents hurt u most u can relate with this song

Love this song 

Round 2 hell  Zayn bhai

i like this song

Love this song ️

Very nice song

Nice  song  very emotional

Im miss  you miy love 
I listen this song for my pain 

Heartouching song from united northeast

Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

Nice very nice vaiya 
Love can happen to anyone or anything at any time, it is an emotion over which there is no control and no planning.
Nice song 
Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

Love is a sign of happiness it is a unconditional, it is unexpectable, it is willingness to do and go beyond the boundaries where we created cuz of love people fight against world and some people cuz of world some people go against the love.

Mere ko kuch nahi milegaa nikal beta..u all 2 3 percent people r dead for me enjoy your life ..

I’m not from the land this language is in, but as a foreigner, this is beautiful, the tone and emotion in the music is felt by anyone who’s ears still work. I apologize if the rest of the world is myopic and prejudiced against you, forgive them, they don’t know how beautiful the stories, the music, and the history behind your people.I’ll be back to listen again, thanks guys.

this song is just
B tech, MBA, btc, up tet

Damgal is not film this is emotion 

Bro dangal is most popular song this year

Bro this emotion not fun 

The Journey starts from Impression to depression in life is called Pure love 

Super se upar song's
Miss you papa... may your soul rest in heaven

Yes insaid i am dead

nice song
I am wondering why life is so bad today, what am I doing, I am committing suicide 
<a href="">1:05</a> this part

Father and Daughter relation. A father is always a warrior for an independent and liberal daughter. This song and movie really touched the feet.

The song isn&#39;t emotional, but when you watch after the finalsIt iss....!!!!!!

Who is staying silent in 2023?
You can cry even if audio is mute seeing the expression of Aamir khan

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

<b>I have listened this song more than 20 times but still I get emotional and never get bored</b>

World Cup 🇮🇳
I am currently listening to this song..my 3 year old boy got married because it was his birthday on 13th November. Then till now I have not been able to take this step. Do you understand, father, how difficult it is...you can't even cry.
Ye song dil ko chu leta hei. Our arjit singh is the best singer. 

2023 World Cup India's loss is expected to win the Cup this time. It hurts a lot.
Kon class 10 Wale hai  20 nov 2023 .
India has lost a lot after losing the world cup, India has lost a lot, it is the best team of the world cup, India is the world cup, Australia has not won but India has not won the heart.
I am here after ind vs aus final

India Cricket Team

Father of daughters can feel this song
Who is after world cup 2023 final 

This odi world cup loss ...... make me to understand this lyrics very well

Arjit bhai kitni ander se nikalte ho yr itna lyrics yr dil ko chu jate hai

CWC 2023 final mai humari har ke bad yeh song sun ne chale aye hum to
Once again Broken team India 2023 WC🇮🇳🇮🇳
Sans is surprised 
Whenever we listen to this song, it seems strange to fill the heart, it feels strange to be unfaithful.
Dil Tut Gaya .....# WORLD CUP 2023.....
India lose vs Australia 
India&#39;s  hope world cup 2033 .....we lost 
I dedicate this song to Rohit sharma

Rohit Sharma 
India Lost the world cup

Who came after India loses to Australia 

This song is dedicated to India today,feeling sad for Rohit Koi na haar jeet hoti rehti hai

I miss my life my younger brother I did everything for him  he need study to everything I invest my whole life to achieve his dream.  now he settled somewhere after marriage I dont want anything from him no expectation I want live with him. its my dream to live together that&#39;s why I forget everything start working when I was 14 years for my family. now I have everything but not my brother. before that I proud on our bonding but now I am feel so weaker on situation how a girl destroy my whole life hardwork and dream. now I feel life kuch bhi na paya maine safar hoke safar ka mai rah gaya.

We lost <a href="">#2023worldcup</a>
Today I am listening this song for india lost the game of world  cup 

Arrrrr

a

World Champion 
Supar

This song remind me of my father tell me a good word but i didn&#39;t follow

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

I miss my papa 
Who else in 2023

Masterpiece 
Means of transport like trains, buses etc. have great importance in our civic life. Our world is not rich enough to build or buy trains, trucks, buses in large numbers. Even in rich countries, where there is no shortage of these resources, breakdowns of trains or buses are not tolerated. Caste. There is a shortage of these resources in our country. Therefore, it is very important that we all pay adequate attention towards the safety of means of transport.
It&#39;s been two and half year&#39;s but my father still don&#39;t talk with me.

I have come back to you
Brother I am also dead inside

Bollywood is incomplete without Arijit Singh 
Nice song 
Today is dewali.every one enjoy it.but still I crying with my friend Naina.

By beginning early,he knows that he has plenty of time to do thoroughly,all the work he is expected to do and he is not tempted to hurry over any part of it. All his work is finished in good time and he goes to bed early. He gets several hours of sleep before midnight when sleep is most refreshing. After a sound night&#39;s sleep. he rises early next morning in good health and spirit for the labour of a new day. 

It is not only a song it&#39;s emotion of crores of people j

Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

<a href="">1:59</a>

Bichar k aj roon diye he yeu
Six years later I&#39;m back here listening to this song again ️

My little princess(niece)   now in the heaven . I missed her in every time 

Hamare hero old ho rahe hai

This song never gets old. No matter how much i listen to It;  I never get bored 

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

Brother when 11/12/2022 i remember me and my friend talk together but today 10/112023 when me come her. Home he didn&#39;t talk too mee brother anybody can feel my pain

Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

I love this song with every fiber in me️️
Arijit singh legend 

Dedicated to my sweet friend huma

Its not getting me sad 

When u love some one and  when u had a fight then he scrolls your past and comparing your past please leave that person because he is making u toxic 

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

This song is my favorite

Oh that&#39;s y he married with her because this song doesn&#39;t show that it&#39;s for a daughter and father

If a person is broken inside, listen to this song.
All time my favorite song

I can do it
If this song doesn’t make you emotional then your heart is dead

<a href="">11:45</a>

<a href="">01:04</a> 
Missing you so much yaar plz come back 
I like this song even though I don't hear anything
why is this song not on spotify

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

Man has stopped thinking about new topics, man has stopped having new imaginations, all the juice of man's life has been squeezed out, dreams have become old. The condition of labor shortage has weakened man's thinking power.
Bollywood ho ya south kisine baap ki okat  nahi is movie ka record tod sake ek film flope  kya hue log khod ko mr.parfectenish samjh rahe 

Miss u........love u.......S..

I feel this song 

So sad
Very heated touching song

The aim of teaching English in the high stage is the direct association of every English word or expression with its full significance - its meaning, shades of meaning and emotional atrnosphere. The teacher should not only know this aim, but he should also be so competent as to realise it. 

Firoz Jenner's six bowled outside the stadium?
There was much to be gained but not achieved
Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

Sushant sir movie and songs and dance super

When I hurt I heard this song

This  song  get emotional

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

One of the best song ever heard

Women formed as much as 23 per cent of the mill workforce in the period between 1919 and 1926. After that,their numbers dropped steadily to less than 10 per cent of the total workforce. By the late 1930s, women&#39;s jobs were increasing taken over by machines or by men. 

I am dead Buddy
So sad song lyrics to you  Mari abbu kaliya

So nice 
this song never gets old,no matter how much i listen to it,i never get bored&quot;!️

Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

Mast girl
Sunkar this song. Don't know why my heart is full.
If this doesn’t make you emotional, then you are already dead from inside

Can&#39;t stop my teares 
Climate Change 
Aj pehli bar mera 4 sal ka beta naraz hwa to mujhy pta chla k kia pain hain ye

The high points of Congress activity and nationalist unity were followed by phases of disunity and inner conflict between groups. In other words, what was emerging was a nation with many voices wanting freedom from colonial rule. 

<a href="">1:05</a>

heart broken songs
I don't know what he wants from life
Send me number

Oil 
Sooooo much good song ️
18-26 age wale ladke emotional ho jaate h job  ke piche ki Zindagi me successful ho sakenge ki nhi

I love U Arijit Sing.....
I spent one day of the exam like this, it gave me motivation.
Another amazing song by the legend Arijit Singh 

Can i ask why I&#39;m crying while listening this song

If this song doesn&#39;t make you emotional you are not a normal human being 

Arijit Singh no one can take your place, ufff voice is in my heart.
Naina.. those who see dreams today, they are crying today..Naina.. those who come to milk at night.. their eyelashes are sweet in the sea. The Naina looking from the window.. I am tied in the sorrow like this, I am scared, the man is confused, I am still there, why is my life sad, Why am I in despair, Why are there so many questions in my heart, Naina.. The stars of the sky, Naina.. have broken in the planet today. You are here, my Naina.. Whenever I send you my dreams, I am looking forward to your place, I have taken only a few steps, Those who have taken this oath, Milke will challenge hard, I am taking away this sorrow, Naina.. Whenever I see your dreams, I am crying today.
Any one 2023 oct

Wow say 
Very emotional song
Whenever I feel depressed or sad I just listen this song cry and just gives me better sleep 



Listening to it and all the memories of life just flashbacking 

Our relationship is our business 
Nepal 🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵
sad song 
Arijit singh 
Julia reached to meet Manchester players, thousands of tourists trapped by fire in the forests of Greece, scheme started for women in Tamil Nadu, diabetes patients will more than double in the next three decades, Twitter's identity changed, new logo released, in Google Photos A new design will be seen soon. In diabetic patients, the functioning of the cells of the immune system reduces. Due to this, less antibodies are produced in the body. Due to less power to fight the disease, it is unable to destroy viruses and bacteria, resulting in increased risk of death. Ten killed in landslide?
I&#39;m leaving this comment in hope that whenever someone like it, I will be reminded of this masterpiece...!

Wow..
Yrr sunne k bad cry aa jata hai
Watch the true story of Amer Khan in this film.
Birth of a child from the DNA of three people in Asia?, Google will provide notification facility in Android, challenges with hope, Hempushpa is the protective shield of women 
Imosanla song
<a href="">#song</a> sunke Rona a Gaya mujhe
People had to keep the windows of their rooms closed even in humid weather due to the dose proximity of filthy gutters,privies, buffalo stables ets. Yet, thought water was scarce, and people often quarrelled every morning for a turn at the tap,observers found that houses were kept quite clean. 

So the  touching song

The earth provides enough resources to satisfy the needs of all men, but not to satisfy their greed. A nation that destroys its soil destroys itself. Forests are the lungs of our land, Which purifies the air. Gives new strength to the people.
I like u sONG
Ruckus in the country after the arrest of the Prime Minister, every citizen's dream, our own, violation of Foreign Exchange Act, social media and videos made weapons, hepatitis and Covid test through AI in minutes.
Post mortem work should start soon in the newly constructed building, Kadwa, health checkup of more than three hundred pregnant women, fire broke out during cooking in Bengal, 14 houses burnt to ashes, road built 24 years ago dilapidated, villagers demand construction Pranpur: Encroachment Due to traffic jam, people are worried, PU will soon release the merit list for enrollment in PG, 
There is no dearth of anything in India, neither of talent, nor of resources, nor of civilization-culture, nor of brotherhood. The power of democracy and youth is definitely with us. Then what is lacking? Why do we seem to be lagging behind in every field? Is there something we are missing?
Discipline means following the rules 
CM asked the officer, who has written 'Jamabandhi' on Jamabandi, highest challan fine of Rs. 10 crores was collected regarding seat belt, 65 thousand youth will be trained in agriculture and related industries, now exhibition of local products is organized at railway stations, illegal in Kursela Publicly operated Pathology Center sealed, five houses burnt to ashes due to fire in Kheria, CCTV footage can be seen 
Should all the machines wear bulletproof jackets?
Hostellers can feel it

This is a different song of my beloved
All tine fev. Song

Millions and millions of people are born in the world. But only some people, with their qualities, have become successful enough to be called as legends. They were in the fields of medicine, literature, education, music and arts. We remember these legends for their work long after their deaths. The memories of these legends live in our heart as well as mind. Let us read about some of them. 

Indian team announced for Women's Junior Asia Cup, alcohol will not go to neighbors in Paris Olympics, woman suffering from mental illness jumped into a well with two children, all three died. Is CCTV footage being watched?
One more one millions 
I misss you Kanchan ji ️ Always
why does this song have to end.

Not emotional bro it&#39;s just song for other but felling judi h

Alas. Today she was with me….she fucked me…..right now life can't move on….whatever fuck you want me to do….. bhula paa rha mae....aj kl bas sad song Sun kr hi Khush HoTa...thoda. Arms are available...28. October. It's his birthday... I believe. Wish I won't stop...meri. Where do you believe? Or. wish. I will cry….this talk is very painful for me. I am eating...I can't do anything.
Economists began to think in terms of the national economy?, They talked of how the nation could develop and what economic measure could help forge this nation together. 

Onee one can understand the students pain..

Forgetting your parents' dreams for someone else,
Heart touching voice now I have not one to say to you ARIJIT SINGH sir

Nice song 
Whenever I hear this song I don&#39;t know why my eyes 

This dosent make me emotional it makes me happy that am not like that to my parents

the song is really good

Very emotional wanna cry button 

Miss you papa....May your soul rest in heaven

If someone crying or not after hearing this masterpiece  ,I definitely very heartouching and getting emotional and a storm or flood of million memories came into my heart which I have spent with my family and chum friends ,love from my huge heart

Awesome magical voice Arijit Singh 
IT&#39;S  VERY DEPTH 
Hit song
I miss you my sister 
Who cried today remembering your mother and father?
This song same with my love story 

Aye Haye 
Very 
Bro Maine is movie ko theatre me dekha tha same goosebumps today 

In this song amir khan represents every father in this world and his dreams he has for their daughter/son 

This song whenever I play it,I become  too emotional .

Nayna  is good song

This song make me cry and again

Very much sad and imostional song Aamir Khan sir crying 

Who will be alive in 2023?
No one beat arjit singh in 21st century 

I need a loan of 10000 
Linked because written with English

Why is this song appearing?
Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

Think you just know  , you complete your third stage of cancer . You have only few days left of your life at the age of 15??

Every song of Arijit Singh is good but this song hits different.The song which explains the pure and  real bond  between father and his daughter

Can you do it, don't make me cry like that...
My favourite sad song 

We together. Nothing pleases me 
I miss you good boy anmol
Is anyone in 2023For this masterpiece 

I want to gain good marks in my 11 and 12 exams and wish to become an topper of my college and my all country this song motivates me too much when i am distracted from my goals best song ever. I wish every one can get success and acheive his /her goals.

Miss youhhhh family 
Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

It&#39;s oct 2023.Have been listening to this master piece for years but never get bored of this....

Baba, think once, boy, when you learn this lesson, then you will know what happened, what should I do, what should I do or else will you fail.
Why I am crying

All time my fever...........song

And after they  ruined the beauty n emotions of this song..when they became as a couple

Arijit fan like karo 
it&#39;s 2023 but still fvrt
This song perfect when you lost everything and get all things you want

The MasterPieceits 2023 still getting the same chills

Naina  breaks my heart
Thia song can be called a summation of all the emotions that Arijit has offered through his songs .Never fails to bring tears to my eyes, from the day I watched it on the big screen, till now. A masterpiece. A salute to all fathers

I will miss you BTS Suga jhope aur Jin i am so so much sad because Suga is going in military 
L= land of tears O =, overthinking V = violence E= end of happiness

Sans hairan hey..man paresan hey ...ho rehisi kyun ruhaansa ......ye meri jan hey....this line hits different..
Well done man !!!
The magic of wordz and voice

I also have an daughter i do best for her but in future if they dont respect i don&#39;t mind i will still lover her 

This song is very emotional because l lost my grandmother he is very sweet bahut yaad aati hai unki I miss you dadi ek baar firse mujhe gale se lagalo please 

Aamir Khan greatest actor ever 
Suuusg sbhuhsu bsgudugusgid jsh  hshgduus hjsu hshts hwykwiud jsfvsug your hsyhsuyshjsuhsuhduydu rjyudyhdutxi rnggidgh dhtudy
Whenever I listen this song It always reminds me my brother. Who is no more. I always miss you bhaiya.

As a child who searches for his father&#39;s hand lifetime,  it made me emotional

I am dead from inside bcz I am 9 class student board percentage more than 90 , work complete , manner , school fights , school violence , every body will lecture me , anxiety , family problems , and this is not my pain I ask many of y friends they all are died from inside

I don&#39;t know why I cry, knowing that I don&#39;t understand Hindi.

Father&#39;s love ️ is very pure and sweet towards their child

Heart touching song 
Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

My dad passed away l dedicate this song to hin

I love  this song heart touching sng. 

What you thinking during song

Bollywood will never get another Aamir 

I rely not cer

25 september 2023
May God protect you all from every sorrow! May you all be happy! Don't forget, you all are very strong!
Nostalgia
No words for my Father  for making me so far 

It is 2023. Six year passed but this song never get old 

100 million congrats in advance

99.9 million subscribers

Don't know why when I start crying then this song comes again and then I keep quiet and start crying.
&quot;Naina.. those who dream every day the Naina.. they are crying today because of the milk. Naina.. those who look through the windows are in pain. Mein today too'te hain yunNaina.. kabhi jo sunkhte hain ye Naina.. hun ke chaaon dekhte hain yun Juda huye stepJhune thi this kasamMilke chalenge hardumAb ban'te hain ye ghamBheege naina.. jo sunjhe dream dekhte theNaina.. Today I am crying because of separation.&quot;
After listening this songLiterally I cried  Continuously

in 2024 let,s see how many legends are  listening this masterpice ️️️️
Can&#39;t believe this song has become 6 years old an absolute gem listening to it on loop 

Arjit Singh ki to baat hi alag superhit song kadak 
Love you amir sir
At age 11-- we Enjoy it
At age 15-- we love it

At age 23-- we feel it 

At age 28-- we live it
hgxhgh
old is gold। 
Heart touching song 
Arijit Singh is my favourite singer 

2023
Dont listen this songs only feel this  . N

The eyes that look at the food in the evening are making me cry today....
Duwiec
Dead inside.....

emotions control never
Arjit Singh is my favourite singer

I miss you too jaan A
The way love  this song it&#39;ll always be my favorite song from India my god bless the owner of the song

So beautiful song 
Advance congratulations for 100M subscribe

Masterpiece 
Hey stranger. You have good taste of music  

Its september 2023 and still it reminds  me of some memeries/ feeling with this song 

HAPPY FATHER&#39;S DAY 
No one beat you in acting  whole world admit this line you are super hero ️🇵🇰🇮🇳

Amir Khan you amazing love from Pakistan 🇵🇰 your acting expression  ️🇵🇰🇮🇳
Naic song

Arijit sir 
If you didn&#39;t cry , go and meet the doctor cause you are heartless



My fevrit song
Naina...Jo aek dusare ko pyar se dekhte the Naina ..rula ke aaj bichhad Gaye hai ...Naina ..

Zubeen Garg ka atcha huya

<a href="">0:33</a>

<a href="">3:22</a> The happiness on the faces is priceless

Arijit Singh, Pritam &amp; Amitabh Bhattacharya come together and create magic like only they can with this beautiful song from Dangal!

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

Mdff

2023 me kon kon sun raha hai is song ko like comment Karo my favourite song 
my father did everything he could , poori engineering ki fees bhari , but mene unko result hi nahi de paya. i am a looser jo kuch acha nahi kar paya life me. mereko engineering bohot tough lagti hai , i love music. but wo music ko career k tarah nahi dekh paate hai. and mene itni expectations rakh die hai ki engineering nahi karu piche aa jau ye sochne me bhi dar lagta . i am struck in life idk what to do

A fighter is always a fighter

Aminur abarar sadikar biye tey naina tey mara jayAminur abarar sadikar biye tey naima tey mara jayAminur abarar sadikar biye tey naina tey mara jay
Hyporcrist hotey na parey Hypocrist hotey na prey Hypocrust na hotey parey

Deep Lyrics and Arijit&#39;s Voice makes it Soulful

Seme 
Y I listen this song because I love Naina 

<a href="">1:06</a> - <a href="">1:28</a>  most relatable line to me
my favourite song

Jannat theka ba janum theka boley kaaj na korukJannat theka ba janum theka boley kaaj na korukJannat theka ba janum  theka boley kaaj na koruk

Outstanding movieThis song is my fvrt

Fisabillah Ameen Aminur mind keu na paiFisabillah Ameen Aminur mind keu na paiFisabillah Ameen Aminur mind keu na oai
I never realized when the whole childhood had to adjust and struggle and when it came out of teenage life before becoming an adult.. Nothing has changed.. Nothing has changed in my life yet..
Adorable
Aminur na hoi
Part to on song my teacher is very happy to read the song

Serf emotional no. But i like this all naina so be emotional 

 ilva
After listening this song my eyes full with tears my heart is just inside like I&#39;m in front of stars and moon 

Some songs always remember you someone



Love you King 
this song has made me cry 

Today I am in a very bad mood, I am crying a lot, I am crying a lot. 
I love this song 

Emotional ....lyrics...heart touching

Amir khan best actor 
Who&#39;s watching 2023

Bhai Aap ka channel monetize hua hai please reply 

I lost my father few days ago. By seeing this video I got emotional. I miss him a lot. I wish I could have talked to him for the last time. I miss him a lot

I lost my dad in 2019...due to heart attack.... Wen ever i listen this song.... I cry like crazy. This is crying pill for me.

Night +bed+ +all good
This is my favourite song 

l miss you Papa love you Papa jaan love you to 
2023 I&#39;m crying.... to listening this song Esa lg rha h sare dard bhr aa gye jo dil m dafan the....  duniya itni mtlbi kyu h.... kyu yha sb apne bare m hi sochte h....

My best singer arjit Singh and my best song️

Heart touching song  Love you arjit sir Tomake namoshkar........!
Good

Mother's greatest wealth is her parents. If they are with you then you have the power to defeat any obstacle in the world.
Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

I am just very emotional after listening to this song

This story same to my dada and me 

So bestsong. Sar
I went to NIT and also did a class... and then heard that my name is not there at night ...
Best
Sad song 
If the song doesn't move you, you're already dead 
Missing you always bro 
Miss u so much papaji really 
Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

I THINK THAT I AM ALMOST DEAD FROM INSIDE.
The one who lives in front of the door reminds me of his ex..
21 august 2023 1:15pm

If I had found you, maybe this song would never have been heard. Day after day lost people like me will come and listen.
Brij Bhusan Singh ruined the entire song.
I watched this movie, I love it

If you are boring with your life and u realize life is killing you  you should listen this song who is agreed

Sister's name is brother
This song is awesome 

Serious father and self descipline.... go the same way.

Wow what a voice 
Don&#39;t lose hope 
Lost my father   Always Miss My father
My heart is at peace
Emotional

Earning high but far away from family 

<a href="">1:00</a> starts

Missing my mother after this

Tears are coming out of my eyes, I haven't seen such a video, because my parents have told me that since my childhood, I have been 2 years old, since that time I have tried to do everything possible, I have worked hard till now but still not getting any success. It is true, it is very difficult, no one in this world can see it. A lot of work is going on, Chennai, Bangalore, Kerala, Kolkata gum gamke 
Ilove it
Over anything he loved his daughters so much as a dad and must have felt sad to see someone in his care go away

my dad is a fan off this song

For DG.miss u a lot 
Every time I heard the song my eyes changing like the sea.

 amir khan
This song is not just a song, it&#39;s an emotion between a Dad and his son or her daughter This song will always stay in my heart Love you Dad 

I'm so sorry what should I do?
Listening this song around 20 times after getting medical out  from airforce 

Sonam 2016
Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

I like this song 

I am getting sick with this masterpiece

Every time I listen to this song, tears come out of my eyes.
Father always Love her Daughter

Song 
Me ......Listening in 2k23

sad story of dad of two girls in turmoil..

Des song is very sad bokos I miss you My love 
In multicellular organisms,the body is formed of a large number of cells. Different cells are dedicated to carry out different jobs that are performed by living organisms. Complex multicellular organisms have tissues,organs and organ systems in their bodies. 

I want to down load this song

Verynice please do 
strength
Love this song ️
I lost my friend I miss my friend 
Who like me suddenly remembered this song and came here to hear

Growing food and other crops for the world market required capital. Large plantations could borrow it from banks and markets. But what about the humble peasant?

Won't you ever talk again??
this is a heart touching song.

In a dark room, please a global on a table and in the front, place an electric lamp at a minimum distance. You will see that only the half pant of the globe is lighted, while the other half remains in darkness. 

Why I&#39;m cry
Yet,till First World War, industrial growth was slow. The war created a dramatically new situation. With British mills busy with war production to meet the needs of the army, Manchester imports into India declined. Suddenly,Indian mills had a vast home market to supply. As the war prolonged, Indian factories were called upon to supply war needs: jute bags,cloth for army uniforms,tents and leather boots,horse and mule saddles and a host of other <a href="">items.New</a> factories were set up and old ones ran multiple shifts. Many new workers were employed and everyone was made to work longer hours. Over the war years industrial production boomed. 

Who is listening to this song in 2023 tooAttendance do 
I still remember how i used to listen this song when he cheated on me on October 2017.Still crying its already 5 years and 10 month.But i was dead in <a href="">2017.Now</a> nothing can makes me happy.Please everyone pray for my health.I&#39;m sick mentally and physically.

What a Leadership 
New movements 
Jai Bharat Mata 
Sad song + Arijit Singh Voice = Make you emotional

Niku ️️
Today my girlfriend suggested this song to me  usne bhot kuch kia bhot sath dia mera our me usse bhot pyar karta hu  lekin aaj situation esi aai he ke wo mujse alg ho jayegi shyd wo homa nhi chahti bhot pyar karti he par situation , but i will love her till my last breath

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

No challenge to Aamir Khan

One-day I&#39;ll be very successfulAnd took my mom and dad to Makkah for umraah and haaj

Due to arijit 
Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

2023

Love this song 

Beautiful song 
I miss my father

Arjit singh is heart touching
Standing in frorit of a conveyor belt no worker could afford to delay the motions, take a break, or even have a friendly word with a workmate. As a result, Henry Ford's cars came off the assembly line at three minute intervals, a speed much faster than that achieved by previous methods? The T-Model Ford was the world's first mass-production car. You please let us do our work honestly otherwise the world will be wiped out and we will not even know 
Emotional song 
Everytime I listen to this song my tears always roll down it reminds me when my dad left me when I was 5 years that&#39;s when I started taking care of myself i don&#39;t even know what it means but this is bravo

Naina............

Very good film
Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

Absolutely right what is said about this song is correct

Basterd
Pain shapes a person into warrior

I have listened to many sad songs but this particular song hit me deep to my soul 

<a href="">00:58</a>

Bollywood is uncomlte without Arijit Singh 

song
G hn mmm I will become the same in heaven and the same as the best gift .... thanks new beo sir g dhama

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

亗RDX?AMAN Y亗
Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

Struggling dayssss ️️
Who is the masterpiece we will hear in 2023?
miss you papa ji
Broken heart 
What emotional 

I like this song because i love mom and dad

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

who has dill
27/7/2023 

 I LOSGY HAPPINESS
Without Arjith singh songs, life is nothing 

P xx

I lost my father year ago when i listing this song i remember over moments he&#39;s really amazing dad Ever he&#39;s my best friend also but he&#39;s not with me i Miss them Everyday it&#39;s really painful living without father ️‍ i love them still

It&#39;s amazing  songs

My wife passed... it&#39;s very beautiful song she always heared...i Miss u my dear

Makes me cry even though I don’t understand

I remembered my father by singing this song..
12 years.. Or was it yesterday..

Baba
If tears were colourful. My pillow was the best painting of the world2023 

Who is here in 2023 to hear this..

2023 still Love this song ️️
6years old song but heartuching....

This song makes me cry very badly my heart shivers   and cry request someone random one please pray for me my heart is not allright  from past 6 years please someone pray for me , kya pata kisi ki dua se main theek hi ho jau 

Miss you bua 
This man is literally Mr perfect...he can perform anything everything... hat&#39;s off Amir sir

Nice song 
Don&#39;t see this just for fun  It is based on our real life      Respect your parents

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

Life is incomplete without Arijit&#39;s songs

Mess you baby 
Here to cry my heart out without nobody knowing

It&#39;s really hit so hart for those neet aspirant who are away from their home and family... Working hard day and night but still scoring less... 

<a href="">1:06</a>

Very imotnal song

Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

No words to say 

Only Arijit Singh, rest only Aamir Khan is making huge money by doing emotional films, don't think about changing them, see in Dhoom, PK who has made a connection with Pakistan by doing emotional, by defaming Hindu religion, the rest is to show the truth. jhad funk mcd actor
This song is medicine of my heart .. plays in important role in my life..  

Listening after 6 years still feel the emotions

Couples should listen to this song after breakup and feel more worried.
Reminded me of the past...
Aamir khan naina Salman khan my love story Sharukh khan gerua 
Have a Nice day Friend 



After this Fatima sana will call Aamir khan every night &quot;Yes Daddy, yes yes...&quot; 

I hate Arijit Singh on TV and not on radio.
Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

4 years old man

Missing someone..

<a href="">0:06</a> listen to 0.5 speed 

Nepotism destroyed the carrier of this legend singer

 <a href="">1:06</a>


after a long decade,  voice is seems too young. Will listen again again

This song always make me cry for my dadaji

<a href="">1:46</a> what a cinematography 

Ye song sun ke hum apne papa ko karte hai miss u papa️
Em do

8txcyo9gxtx9t9x

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

I feel this song 

I dedicate this song to my father

Heart touching song 

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

But if I become emotional, then why am I alive? I still have a little life left to live, that's why I become emotional.
Amer mon kharap holai, ai gaan ta suni
this song protected to me.   and my drems

Arijit Singh is not a singer he is a Emotions... ️

Maa, I miss you.
I just had tears

Who suddenly remembered this song and came to listen

Who suddenly remembered this song and came to listen

Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

bsbs

<a href="">0:00</a>

0:1

<a href="">0:01</a>

I lost my uncle . I dedicated  this song to my uncle .Miss you uncle

My brother is very sad today.
90% of the songs I listen to are dedicated to my dreams, today I am listening to this song and crying because some dreams are broken, I never thought that I will see the day, all my emotions are about my dreams, there is no sound of breaking dreams but some people So from being alive it becomes like a dead person ,,,Why is everyone forcing their decision on me  ,,Why does no one want to know what I want ,,If an elder in a family makes a mistake, the younger ones have to bear it. In this comment. Whenever someone likes, I will remember about breaking my dreams No one please don't like
Emotional  
Nice song 
When I am listening this song I start crying 

Love this song 
@vasu vasu-0u 4nd
How do you feel if you fuck someone, if you go alone in the summer, fuck everyone in the spring 
Who is hear in 2023 for this masterpiece

2023 and still masterpiece 
Who is living in 2050?
My favorite song 
Masterpiece in masterpieces 
It is very imosnal song  
Punda song
Huchhu hadsi makkale edannu play maadi ,nan paristhiti nodidre paap ansuthe alwa huchhu hadsi makkale yella words galu mind nalli fix , bevarsi hadsi makkale , nimmannu karsiddu main intention yenu anthaa thilkondiddiri bevarsi gale , mangyaan makkale huchhu hadsi makkale , bosadi huchhu hadsi makkale , neevu realize maadkobekagithu , huchhu hadsi makkale , neevella serkondu basavraj correct maadi kodi namage ,nim entertainment beda bevarsi gale ,nim property kallar property nanage beda, meeting arrange maadthini Jayashree yellardu real face real intention , namage another yenu beda ,nan family ge basavraj beku correct maadi kodi , aaguthe nim kaiyalli ,yaardu one inch property beda , one paise beda namage basavraj beku correct maadi kodi ,maadi kodle beku
<a href="">10:57</a> 05/07/2023..
Hindi songs hits different ️
Who is here in july 2023

wet naina
Sir really  u r a great hero n amazing  person

I like this song we can feel this song

Miss you papa.... may your soul rest in heaven

Arijit...voice of god

This song gives me pain and happiness both..bicharne ka dukh aur sb kuch Milne ka happiness 

I lost my father l hope he is in best place l hear this song to dedicated my father miss you papa

I lost my love so l hear this song this song touch my heart l cry this song never old

I like Arjit sir's song but it hurts me a lot 
<a href="">

Most beautiful singing adyegi wAh 
Naina,the,asman,kesitare
I hate spotify for removing this song !!!

P

My favourite song

I like song

This song i love it ️️
Let&#39;s have swear, it makes us cry!!!! 
2103 
2023 anyone?

Who is listening this song in 2023 ?

This song always hits me

I listen this song daily and i cry  daily  because this relate my life

2023 ?

Please reply who listen to this song in 2023.       When anyone comment then I again listen this song

This song is always new for everyone

Who is here in 2023 to listen this heart touching and feeling song <a href="">0:21</a>

Now I am able understand lyrics and music both.....

my father is very important and mi

<a href="">1:07</a> most emotional line in this song 

plo

Arjit My heart will come out my spring️
Miss you papa 
2050 fev. Song
Miss you papa..... may your soul rest in heaven

This song cannot be rivaled, ohh it touches the heart.. 
 wow 
I really love this song

Whenever I feel down, I listen to Arjit Singh&#39;s song from the movie Dangal.  This song connects the link of joining and separation with loved ones and binds them with memories!

I m so sad today 
