Sara said in one of the interviews that Amrita started to bicker about saifs failures, she started to taunt him for his downfall and flop movie... Etc. Their relationship wasn&#39;t working out well... It became toxic and then they both mutually decided to leave... They are on good terms now.... Only stupid media wants to add Chillies 

Amrita is so down to earth 

Legends say that Kareena was eating cerelac during this interview

lazar lag gayi mere saifu ko jodi ko
It looks like sara and ibrahaim sitting for interview

who’s this actress? is she a trans? it looks like a man. I’m glad india has now progressed and become more inclusive

Feel like we are seeing Sarah and Ibrahim

Sara has face cut of her mom ....eyes n nose exactly like her mom and lips n smile like her father

She was cute even when she was 10yrs older than saif

Can&#39;t expree how beautiful u are

He used her to climb up in ladder.

Their command on English language is surprisingly amazing. A little bit of British Accent too.

Crazy how sara’s mom’s twinAnd Ebrahim looks exactly like dad

Why did Amrita give permission to marry her husband? After the years ladies spend their life into their Kids a and family... this&#39;ll be good but men don&#39;t appreciate their wives...

<a href="">

Saif was so well spoken before the interviews got scripted

Handsome
Woah Sara is just like Amrita mam, when Amrita mam talk i feel like it sara talking, they have even the same mimics

Saif is very cute here...Amrita also is looking charming. Was a lovely couple indeed. Sadly the marriage didn&#39;t work out.

Kareena was a kid during this interview lol

She might be bigger star back then but she feels &amp; looks very unsecure exaggerate with her relationship bit desperate probly bcse she was getting older &amp; she desperate to settle down with a man too. he&#39;s done the right moved on from her bossyness. most women&#39;s need to learn to understand and trust their man give him his freedom otherwise he will lookaway its that kind of marriage gets annoying in life eventually ends in divorce.

Saif  and Amrita  are so well matched! Here he looks so much at ease and happy! Kareena is nothing compared to Amrita!  What a personality Amrita is and so is Saif! Sara got her intelligence, class and wit from her parents! And Ibrahim is a xerox copy of Saif!

Nice couples️️..
Her parents married for lust, she too.

She is confused. Not a big deal since her father and mother were from two contrasting backgrounds.

I can’t get over how good looking and charming saif was !!!

Amrita's tooth is terrible
Being a man, I have huge respect for women like Amrita Singh! She’s a wonderful woman.

Not sure y he married kareena, she is full of attitude

@<a href="">1:25</a> saif so handsome

an Aquarius woman and Leo Man, what do you expect, the chemistry is out of the world but not stable over a long time, been there done that. - as an aqua woman who understands Amrita very well now

There is no age difference between us.
Saif was handsome man

I think she was the Man in the relationship

She doesn&#39;t seem like a great/stable human.

Waow they look soo good together love from Pakistan 🇵🇰

‘once an actress forever an actress&#39;               -amrita singh

Who knows amrita&#39;s mom

I don&#39;t see too much difference I mean age difference between them . They so suit each other

Wow ! They are so gorgeous  together.

Tanx

sara looks like amirta singh and ibrahim looks like saif ali khan

Saif dhokhebaj h…..
Yha sb bol rhe ki q seperate ho gye they broke up aftr 4 years of this interview bhayon isiliye chora q ki ye fat women, big face ,looks old , isiliye ye shaadi krna chaha q ki saif ke budhape p koi na bol pye ki biwi to budhi ho gyi thets it hr mrd ka ye hota h ki chahe mai budha jo jau lekin biwi to jawan hi chye  that&#39;s called toxic lyf

Sara is a Xerox copy of her mother.

it&#39;s funny to hear she says 30 inch waisted because  we used to name her as  the woman with  fat waist,  like today we watch the movie of girl  with faty waisted.

Omg Saif looks awesome 

She exactly looked like Sara

Amrita so beautifull
<a href="">00:59</a>  Saif Ali Khan feels nervous returning to the camera after six years.

<a href="">01:39</a>  Amrita Singh was known for being outspoken and bindaas (carefree) in her youth.

<a href="">02:32</a>  Saif recalls their first meeting during a photoshoot and a cocky comment that sparked interest.

<a href="">06:40</a>  Amrita reveals the unconventional start of their relationship, including a blunt &quot;I love you.&quot;

<a href="">10:35</a>  They decided to get married two days before the wedding, keeping it a secret.

<a href="">11:19</a>  Saif&#39;s mother suspected something was up, leading to a revealing encounter.

<a href="">14:48</a>  Amrita helps Saif professionally by managing his affairs, allowing him to focus on acting.

<a href="">16:38</a>  Saif appreciates Amrita&#39;s honesty, even if it means criticizing his performances.

<a href="">18:40</a>  Amrita gracefully accepts her shift from the limelight, focusing on family life.

<a href="">19:21</a>  Amrita admits feeling insecure in the past but emphasizes the importance of trust.

<a href="">20:32</a>  Amrita finds the idea of being a &quot;guard dog&quot; on set demeaning and not a solution.

<a href="">21:27</a> ‍ Saif&#39;s humorous boat ride story on a lake, leaving Amrita stranded, showcases their fun times.

<a href="">22:52</a>  Despite challenges, they emphasize the importance of happiness and good times in life.

First marriage is always the most beautiful one. That is why, they look so beautiful and perfect as a couple.

After their daughter Sara, now their son Ibrahim also launched in Bollywood film industry. Best of luck for Ibrahim.

As a looks and personality, Kareena is nothing in front of Amrita.

This interview was taken in 1999. Can&#39;t believe this pair brokes 5 years later back in 2004. Amrita was more suitable with Saif then Kareena. 

I need to send this to kareena...

She set the trend for me I love my younger man

If it&#39;s meant to happen if it&#39;s destined then it happen

Amrita is so beautiful
This machine has ruined Amrita's life.
Amrita is so down to earth. Saif seems so happy and confident in this relationship

Sayif was a very beautiful actor, and the woman was very old and old, Razi and rude. Their marriage could not have ended like this. They are very handsome.
ପୁଅ   ଶାଲା. It is good to talk about success
Amrita.... Super
kitni khush tha duno aj esob tarikh ho gaya

I don&#39;t  think it&#39;s ok to blame Saif with the divorce, plus can&#39;t  blame him  for dating kareena who is younger either  since  The age difference between Amrita and   Saif is  more than Kareena and Saif, so it shows that for him age is actually just an number. Sometimes relationship don&#39;t workout, it&#39;s life.

Beautiful couple

Translate into Indonesian
Saif looked so handsome

They were so beautiful couple

Saife alli Khan is one pis in Bollywood

She was insecure about herself She knew somewhere saif was lot younger than her and would fall for any actresses

Amrita sundr h bhut

Older version of Sarah and Ibrahim 

Plz my humble request to see together saif and amrita .

How nice couple but what happend in thir relation ship .but iwant to see toghether couple .

Nice couple .saif and amrita .

You two are a wonderful couple.
Plz phir say patch. Up Karo amrita mam and saif

They were such an adorable couple but sadly nothing last forever

Amrita and Jodi stay safe, both of them look good.
if a woman kiss u on first date and say i love you for the sake of it then bro enjoy the week and then just dissapoear like nothing happened. A day long than this will make you taste her toxicity and then you will be in maze of manipulations..

Amrita and sara both have 101% similarity

It was always in him that this would not last for the long run. He even said it here. Subconsciously it was always there.

2 Beautiful people were a couple.. the interview was a treat.. As a teenager I loved amrita Singh.. Fell in love with the movie and the song.. Jab hum Jawaan hon gain...  Fell in love with amrita&#39;s beautiful personality. acting .. Style... Always regards for amrita and Saif.. From Naz lahore Pakistan

saif ke sat is buddy acchi nahi lgti

She is jolly lady like sara

Good upbringing of Sara and Ibrahim by Amrita singh..Both seem like lovely kids unlike this saif.this man saif ran away from parenting responsibilities and was running after younger women breaking up his family

stupid man..used amrita to succeed and then left her for a much younger woman ,whom he addressed as beta(kareena)  during his wedding to amrita

Saif is giving so natural expressions  reminding me of the DIL CHAHTA HAI..!!!

 Love Amrita ۔۔۔۔ Karina can not match her grace

It seems to me like Amrita would have pushed him away , might not be completely responsible but kind of more responsible than Saif for divorce . He looks very committed

Saif here was most honest , grounded and uff his eloquence

Saif is hot , cute , handsome what not uffff

Beautiful ️
Simi garewal must start this show again

saif truly loved Amrita.  ppl grow apart.  that is life.

Saif is very cute.

when a guys looks for his mother its the most secure women he knows

Saif or amrita bohot piary lgty thy . Karina k Sath bilkul achy nhi lgty .amrita ki personality bohot hi beautiful thi yr

Sb choro y btao k 27 second m Benazeer bhotho kia kri h???

Uncomfortable is saif with her there.

Saif deserve rude and shallow wife like he has now age is not an excuse no one forced him to marry amrita who was a successful actress and left her career for children children

Was a happy couple but very sad ending

Indian Punjabi women and Pakistani women look very similar. Simi and Amrita are both of Punjabi ancestry.

What a sad ending :(

Amrita Singh's son seems to be Saifali Khan. The man's curse has been imposed.
Saif is cute

Amrita Ali Khan looked great she was with Saif get two child and spend ten years, that’s more than enough…

What a snaky man who cheated on her after stealing her years took advantage of her and was acting a supportive husband. She withdrew her career for him and he bite the hand that fed him. People who defend him for the 7 years gap are same like him. Prianka Chopra and Nick Jonas’ age gap is 10 years old but it is a perfect relationship. Stop giving excuses to a cheater or you condemn yourself. No one twisted his arm to marry a her but he wanted to be famous on her shoulders.

Love is never stay long in maximum boys life

Ungrateful husband when he become famous he leave his wife for another woman

She is beautiful innocent women

She is such a simple ladies love you mam

Saif is just 52, Amrita is 65! Saif doesn&#39;t deserve all the hate. Thankfully he&#39;s out of this marriage

Gosh! How beautiful!

Kareena wil be jealous if she watches this as saif looks so full of love Nd in awe of Amrita .. wish it had lasted longer

Goodness sara and Ibrahim exact copies 
Saif was defo being mistreated by her

Their children looks duplicate version of them.  How they just copy pasted their young versions in their children! Wow!

This marriage was destined to fail. There can&#39;t be such  big an age gap between the partners where the boy is younger than the girl.

This is what happens when u marry someone at 21 without thinking.. saif was a young boy.. had his entire life ahead of him n was not even settled in life.. at his age youngsters date not marry..

She was insecure as actors’s wife and she is wondering also that this would happen to me in life, she is so wise!

Amruta ji must be so sad today to see her husband with someone else.
Both are looking great together very decent

She is very beatiful stylish and decent..

saif looks handsome

Gorgeous amritainnocent amrita
Amritasaif life after life forever
<a href="">2:55</a> I'm not sure what to do with my life
Only Amrita Singh ️

I like amritasingh

Ilike amritasinrbh
Simi and Saif&#39;s father had a brief relationship.

Aaaayla...Sara and Ibrahim together 
The lady who took the interview still looks like this
I thought sara ali khan is sitting next to saif

Kareena hot lady

Saif is looking very handsome here

Saif is trying too hard. Amrita really is class apart.

Love this interview and choice of guests. Very entertaining with no airs and graces!

It is too khan. Factor 

Itni chilled out thy to in laws k sath abusive kese huyi

I saw amritas old interview she was very gentle and soft back then

<a href="">

She was the dominant in that relationship and no man would support that in the long run not even a man with mommy issues . I still don&#39;t like her

Clearly there was no chemistry between these two.

By the way Simmi was the first love of Saif’s father and she is taking interview of saif …

Beautiful couple

Bahut try Kiya ladka British accent put up karne ka

I always feel that the first partner is the one who feels like we made each other or whenever life seems to come in front of me who is our choice but he is the daughter of us or we always feel the need or desire from life. Who is also right but said Ali Khan or Amrita Singh, both of them are treated the way they are or there is no doubt that they will save us also they are looking at us, here you are without any choice, it is our choice but this life hurts us a lot or we move forward. I have shared the burden
Amrita is Perfect As an Actress as well as Wife &amp; Mother Too 

Saif said,”even  though it wouldn’t work out in the long run” and it didn’t

Karina is a bitch. Amrita from God
Amrita is a decent woman. Karina shaitanka
She was soo amazing for him why leave her

Why it makes me so sad You know it&#39;s not the same as it was

Well Saif gave many  in this interview !
Who’s picture is shown at <a href="">0:27</a>

Sara&#39;s Jeans

He used her very badly then moved on to a newer model. Don’t care what the pinned comment says. That’s spin.

Dayummmm she is classyyy!!!!!

1991

I am seeing so much Sara in Amrita ji , the way of talking and body language .

Bless her she was so down to earth and humble.

Lovey
Her choice of dress for this interview was way too casual considering the fact that they belonged to royal family

She exactly talks like Sara

Like Sara or Ibrahim bethe️
The best Rendezvous ever!

She&#39;s like sara

Amrita is giving me chills.

Watching in 2023

His first wife was prettier than present wife kareena in their young days

PerSobeautifulCaple

AmritaSaffSaTenYearBadiha
They are looks like their kids Amrita looks like Sara and saif looks like Ibrahim

Amrita in Love saif playboy waiting to cheat...

Omg they look like their kids

Aww! He was so cute and childish! 

Wow. Sara has the same exact voice as Amrita.

sometimes I think they both are asexual organisms who just created their identical twins 

Shadi ki thi to nibhaty bachon k bad  samjhotaa krty

She’s a lady &amp; he’s boyish …
Amrita is smart, elegant eloquent &amp; classy.. kareena doesn’t even compare!

Amrita really love him....her eye contact..... telling everything.....but saif playboy cheater.

Sara Ibrahim are carbon copy of their parents both of  love reflection

Today, after watching this interview, I am feeling sad or even feeling sad, I don't know what is the feeling.
Saif Ali is so cute, his wife is nothing in front of him.
She raised her daughter so well! Humble, down to earth and lovely girl. She is amazing moderate muslim girl. Never misbehaves, don’t mind over excited fans who don’t know how to behave. And such a good actress

Saif so handsome

Once a cheater always a cheater

Funny in one interview saif claims he is not a product of nepotism and is self made … but it’s quite clear he was “launched” …………. And he himself in a past interview stated that he made phone calls with the “sharmila tagore’s son is interested in …..”    DUDE IS a total pathological LIAR ….. typical of narcissists , supremacists , imperialists and of course INSECURE people .

Amrita sacrificed soo much for saif and their family - kids . He was having a flop career…. And it was Amrita who started managing him…. And forced him to do dil chaata hai and Diwale dulhanya le jahenge….which he passed the later and regretted but took Amrita ‘s advice for dil chaata hai. It was only after dil chaata hai did he really start to become recognized in the industry. Then he cheated on her ……. And eventually left her for bachelorhood lifestyle of fun partying and sleeping around . Saif is such a jerk…… he was raised in a self entitled , privileged mindset. Typical of supremacists and narcissists …. He may not show it … but his actions speak louder than words …….

Super

Gosh this love story 
Wow gorgeous Amrita️ Is it only me she resembles Mona Singh?

Sara nd amruta voice copy paste

Circles
I wish this couple lasted longer.

Sara and ibrahim ...

I thought it&#39;s Ibrahim 

Saif and Shahid at their beginning...just wow...they are the cutest

Just watching  Amrita..so graceful lady she is..Saif mistake was got married at 21..definitely 2 people specially in bollywood can&#39;t stay for so long decades

Amrita Singh worked with Kunal Kemmu in Kalyug

I don&#39;t see LOVE present in this interview. Max times both seem not to be agreeing with their povs in here also. Dunno why they decided to get married at the first place. Amrita just ruined her career &amp; a lifetime happy relationship by marrying him. But at the end she got wealthy life for her rest of her life.

N after all of those sacrifices he left her....

The only difference between people then n now are..... today&#39;s celeb words have no weight n meaning.....they just want to be seen wise,so they pretend..... people then were so grounded to earth n when they speak ,u can feel their genuineness... nowadays they just make noise,speak fast... N their tone becomes irritable

Saif and Amrita&#39;s chemistry is something different... which with Bebo is Missing. No hate just a fact

Time is all about time 
oh well, this didn&#39;t age well

Simi garewal avivi how young is she?
I feel Saif is so mature here

Here in 2023

Saif was extremely handsome man but Kareena ko old age main mila. 

Sara in yellow suit and Ibrahim in the coat

The voice is also the same as that of mother and daughter.
And he chose that bitch kareena

Sara replicate
My goodness SAIF!! He’s so charismatic 

Amrita Singh gave birth to herself 

Beautiful couple

Just age is number

That&#39;s Sara and Ibrahim 
You never spoke to me......Sara got that from her mother

Itni achi wife ko is admi na divorce q di.

Saif is so handsome ️

Simi provides that safe space to her guests which helps them to open to her.And yes i feel Its okay to split when nothing is going gud..but its commendable when u split on good terms.It is necessary for children to see their parents on good terms , even after they parted ways, for a peaceful childhood.

I am here after biggboss

Younger Saif   &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Ye to us samay bhi buddhi hi dikhti thi  or saif chhota bhai

Benazir Bhuttos  magic 
Mother looks like her daughter.
They shouldn&#39;t have been separated

Saif Ali Khan looks soo beautiful 
Saif was so romantic

Early age mistakes…

Sorry to say she looks older than you But l know you both moved on

This interviews r so real, genuine, nowadays it&#39;s missing

Simi gi, start your programme again... One of the person I like to listen to..

Sara resembles her mom and son resembles his fatherSame to same

Saif is class

Royale interview .ek to royale baki do.

In 2022,i felt like listening to their love story. Amrita is a really good person,Saif has taken the relationship forward which is really nice their children look exactly like themIt&#39;s really amazing 

How sad saif ali khan cheated on her one with italian woman and then left her all for fake ass attention seeker karishma kapoor thats why big age difference often doesn&#39;t work.. most men changes soon they around 40 they will leave you then for younger women..

she is thousand times better thann kareena

Just catch the expression of Amrita singh at <a href="">5:41</a>. Like how deep she is in love with him. OMG

She looks like Lidya Kandouw

Amrita is really a very good wife Saif was lucky to have got her , wish I had someone understanding like her

Amrita sing is my favourite actress. I never forget her movies like Betab, Chameli ki shadi etc. She was fantastic heroine. After watching this video i think she is brilliant and wise woman. But her blunder mistake is marrying with Saif. She spoil her carrier for him. At that time she was top class heroine. And Saif leave her alone at this old age. I surprised how people can changed it&#39;s unbelievable 

Seriously saif is so cute and his face is full of attraction wow ️️

Simi why don’t you start your show again with all new actors please cause I have watched all the episodes of urs and I can’t stop watching one every day.. what do I do now.. so pure conversation no gossips no drama, short and sweet..

Nobody is gonna talk about the intro song of the show..

Saif is a sweetoo ️he really deserved kareena 

I can&#39;t deny man saif looks so cute omg
Sara is just like her

Where did this love come from 8 years ago, when did the clouds change, I don't know omg 
<a href="">3:35</a>
From  a Cakewalk to Kaput ....wonder what happens to ....with the Jaaaans and Baby in Bollywood ....I wonder!!!!!

Sara a mixture of both 

sara ali khan has the exact mannerisms as her mother. so sweet &lt;3

Saif khan Hit u

Saif looks so good man 
Wow best jodhi.

I love you maata te meri maaaaakhni MAA APKO SALAAM'S maa tujhe salaam
I got so stunned when I saw young Aishwarya Rai in the intro as always get  &amp; got to know why she has been called the most beautiful women in the world of her time, she is just so magnetic and adoring! she has really different aura,vibes and that so attractive features and her wayy of talking and handling things with grace and intelligence! Just so different, brilliant and unique.. miss universe of 1994 looks damn fady,simple if compared to her.. Aish is a Gem and one of kind and she outshines all

i can see where sara had got her voice from

Ibrahim looks same as young saif 
Saif is so charming

Hello

What a lady ️

Sara's voice and face are like those of my mother.
O. K. So their marriage was a bit of a scandal...... most certainly.... . a chotae nawab elopes with an attractive older girl...... they are accepted later...... alls well that ends well...... after all both were young, immature..... sadly it was nit a happily ever after.... Post two lovely kids........ Sad........they moved separate ways..........she made a good mother........but why on earth .. has she let herself go?! I mean, she simply didn&#39;t care about her weight gain..... Come on Amrithaa.... Where there&#39;s a will there&#39;s a way....... She still can get back into shape... For her own sake......

️️nice Capel goog
They both in love don&#39;t judge but if Saif still with Amrita no matter what if could be so happy for Amritahe just selfish man leave her woman 

My respect for Amrita who sacrificed and supported this undeserving man during his struggling days, Kareena will never ever reach Amrita s grace, charm and personality- I mean i cant see Kareena supporting a struggling actor being so self centred. and snobbish.  Hope Amrita gets all happiness through her 2 beautiful children!

A very dominating woman. She needed a headstrong man

The looks more like a  sibling.

Simi is The Best!! 

There s no guarantee for human mind It changes every second .That&#39;s what I understood when watch the nice seriees  of  rendezvous with  Simi

He understands so well and marries a Hindu idol
Their relationship is a perfect example of One can&#39;t keep loving someone for good looks or any other reason other than love. After one point relationship requires friendship, love and compatibility.

At <a href="">12:39</a> she says he dumped me and left me

At <a href="">12:43</a> she says he left me again n thts what he did

I don&#39;t know why most people here keep bashing Saif. He seems genuinely in love with Amrita in this interview. Things happen down the line that makes you question everything. And really, when you&#39;re unhappy in a relationship and you know there are irrevocable reasons for not being together, it is always better to get off it instead of trying to work it through repeatedly. And those of you who say that she sacrificed everything for him, well, it was her choice and she was happy, as she clearly mentions in this interview.

Saif never been like this witn anyother woman. They are so cute.

Oh...Sara Ali Khan has time machine. She is sitting with her dad in his younger times.

I loved Amrita here. Have watched it many times. Am struck by her maturity. True, Saif moved on and has remarried etc. But i think in a lot of ways Amrita taught him to be a man.

Omggg Young Sara and Ibrahim I- 
Legendary Simi Garewal
I like Amrutha singh and Saif Ali khan come together once more. I like their pair.

Not to be rude but Amrita looks like mom and saif looks like her son lol. He looked like a baby in front of her .

SAIF MOST HANDSOME 
Simi is just like old classy news readers.....and Karan Johar is like nowadays Godi media news readers  .....how the Era is changed from 1st class to 3rd class

Amrita has inherited eloquence and oratory from her uncle, khushwant Singh. Calm and composed and yet fiery.

Looks like young Sara Ali Khan and ibrahim Ali Khan

This show is heartwarming 

saif ki ammy si lg rhi h ye ???
<a href="">

Mismatch

Ibrahim and his resemblance is just 

Amrita Singh 
Awesomeeee.

Now I know where Sara got it

Saif is Soo handsome

Both of them are so elegant and gorgeous 

Who&#39;s here 8 years after this was posted? Me

Young saif 
Yoo bro&quot; He just dumbed me and left me &quot; If you get it then you get it...

She ( Amrita Singh ) seems like a good natured woman and very genuine.. Not fake at all..

My name is you, lady of India.
Omg her voice 
Sara is mom&#39;s ditto copy.

He lost the gem in search of straw

Her voice.sara
Where's the damn translation?
Saif is looking so handsome

Hope Kareena is watching this 

Beautiful interview.Shree.Saif.Ali.khan.Sir.Ji.and.Shree.Mati.Amrita Singh.Ji.Maam.Ji Jay.Shree.RAM.Ji.Jay.Hind.Jay.RAJPUTANA.Ji

Seems like sara and her brother are sitting together!! 

Hey Kareena are you watching again, 

Sara is actually amrita I can&#39;t believe somethings I see

Sarah &amp; Kartik 
their son really look alike his father!

People blaming kareena unnecessary. She and saif started dating in 2007. And amrita saif were already divorced in 2004. Saif even dated a model after amrita. So there&#39;s no way kareena is included in it. Stop hating her unnecessary she is no where responsible for their divorce. This relationship was not meant to be. It has nothing to do with bebo who came after 3 yrs of his divorce.

2022

Nice video

the way she looks at saif tells everything

Sara ressembles her mom so much even there voices , way of speaking are alike..

Simi is always beautiful

Amrita mam is beautiful 

that&#39;s why I say NEVER TRUST college going boys. They don&#39;t even know what actually they want! they&#39;re immature. Trust me!

Sara is exact copy of amrita

<a href="">12:38</a> he just dumped me and left me...so true .. Only a woman can understand the pain of her after watching this who has gone through the sufferings

Who is watching this after  Sara&#39;s Atrangiii 

Karina and saif is best

<a href="">20:00</a>
Hello 2022️amrita singh happy birthday
First i thought its Sara ali khan . .

Simi is more gorgeous and graceful than any actress..

what happened between them tho?

Amrita is a classy woman

Poor Amrita didn’t realize wn marrying him and helping him to establishing in Bollywood…. that…Being a Muslim- subconsciously perhaps he thinks he is entitled to marry multiple times!In time…Kareena will b dumped too!!!

sara&#39;s  got  her  mother&#39;s  manner  of  talking ... tone ... and ... her  father&#39;s  expressions ...

I love Amrita. She is such a beautiful inside out.

That end needs an update 

Is Channel ka Hindi chanel kown sa hai. Please.

It looks like Sara and Ibrahim sitting in the interview.  I literally love to see when kids resemble their parents so much.

Bolli maga esti maduve adha
Amrita Singh is beautiful, intelligent and smart. Mother of Saif&#39;s children. He should have stayed in the marriage and make it work. She was a celebrity star when he met her and in a way used for her name then dropped.

i love how they are dressed so simply

They looked so happy at the time! Where did it go wrong ️

Omg ....seriously Sara and Ibrahim look like them

Saif is so cute during his young

Look at his immature and silly expression s he is making.he lived under her shadow,so v obvious.made up accent.ohhh its so ..,.

Uh are so unlucky saif uh lost gem simmi will say this at <a href="">16:53</a> now

They look like Sara n Ibrahim sitting together...So much resemblance

Saif so intelligent

I like Amrita..she loved saif truly inspite of age gap....

He is an idiot for letting her go.

I think this was the cutest thing and even if saif did go after Kareena he should realize Love happens only 1 time ..., after that is compensat .... Man temptation

I watched the interview for the third time and cannot imagine Saif and Amrita divorced after so much being in love.

She sacrifices her career this  guy &amp; her family.. Its called a mother. Powerful mother

Safe &quot;&quot;&quot;thik keya...!!! and marry me
In India we speak English respectfully.
I love Simi&#39;s interview

Amrita is better than Kareena

Raru rahoj Saga 
They look like Sara &amp; ibrahim 
Sara resembles her
Saif looks very handsome 

There isnt any chemistry visible between them

Sara looks same now
i felt very bad at the end of the interview by reading that  they got seperate after 5 years

Sara is carbon copy of her mother.... Face , voice, laugh, style of siting .....it is amazing and unbelievable ️️️️️️️️️️
So Saif was scared she will leave him and then he left her.....human beings are so complex lol

Great women great person
Great couple.

HE DON&#39;T GIVE A SHIT TO HER

Why is saifs accent so british here

Amrita or Saif sath m kitne achche lag rahe . Or amrit totally sara jesi lag rahi h.. Kash k y dono sath m hmesha aese hi rehte.....

I really love this lovely gorgeous and wonderful woman Amrita singhYou were the best actressYou were the best wife for saifYou were the best motherWith a lot of understanding and patientsHads of to you

Amrita&#39;s voice is beautiful

More gentle with amrita and more aggressive with kareena

Sara is a spitting image of Amrita. Saif was cute, how people relationships, love changes. Amrita took care of him so well..

Its called instinctively relationship come fast and came over quickly

He was and he is over smart trying to pretending

Saif is great got married soon ..no one does that they hide they are married ..

After seeing them...Seems like or the truth seems like marriages are made for only physical pleasure ...There is no room for your emotions ...Feelings ...

Saif looking so handsome 
She is not looking properly at him......

They&#39;re so damn awkward in their interactions! Perfect individually, but put together, pretty damn awkward for public figures.

It was infatuation from him. She was silly to think he was in love.

Yes...Shehnaz resembles so much miss Amrita in personality .

Saif sounds very mature and smart! Amrita is very different from him

Now he got kareena so it&#39;s called film industry 

Feels sad for Amrita Singh

Same goes for Saif Kareena
<a href=""></a>
Saif... opportunitist

I DON NOT BELIEVE IN ANOTHER “JANAM” THO BUT I DO BELIEVE IN THE LIFE WORLD AFTER I FEEL MILLIONS TIME CONFIDENT TO STATE THAT I AM THE EVER WARMEST FAN OF AMRITA SINGH I RESPECT HER MARITAL STATUS BUT I WILL REQUEST TO ALLAH PAK ON QIAMAT DAY TO BLESS ME WITH AMRITA SINGH TILL EVEN BEYOND ETERNITY ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
What an insightful, articulated conversation. Rare to find this kind of wise interview these days. People from both side from audience and anchoring shifted to quality to quantity..

Saif should listen to himself in this interview....just to remind him ...how Amrita Singh was to him...in his struggling days. How she made him...what he is today.

This shows how fake they are... Only money attracts all people

Nov 2021 it is and i am watching this now!! Wonderful amrita

I agree Saif was a struggling actor in the 90&#39;s but it&#39;s hard to believe that he didn&#39;t even have a 100 rs to go to shoot and had to borrow from Amrita.

Wow how beautiful couple they were ️..I loved amrita&#39;s calm personality and Saif&#39;s childish nature..I seriously don&#39;t believe that older girl and younger boy relationship lasts long.But this couple were so cute ️...

Amrita singh is soo natural beautiful .

Saif looks so immature and nervous whereas Amrita is confident and headstrong

Always loved Amrita Singh&#39;s smile.

Yep....and Love ends too. Real life. We have been fed heck lot of false fairy tales. Neither are there fairies and therefore their tales are false.

You are a poor guy Saif

Saif alwayse hot

This must be the best chat show rather than karan Johar&#39;s one.... Atleast rubbish question like &quot; What would your situation be if you were found in a bedroom and his wife caught you,&quot; Such question comes only to karan.... May be because he is something else different than being man!

What a charismatic actress !!And Saif is a real prince charming... I couldn&#39;t resist such a handsome and aristocratic well mannered man. I understand why she fell for him. Plus he shares his birthday with someone who was dear to me but never could be mine  life is so bizarre

A woman&#39;s loyalty is tested when a man has nothing and a man&#39;s loyalty is tested when he has everything....

Saif eyes are very attractive and pretty 

NOw I got to know from where Sara got her &quot;You Know&quot;, it&#39;s from Amrita Singh :P .

natural beauty ️
Omg intro
When she started singing 
Is show ki host ...mera name joker film me teacher hai na.

I wish this marriage should have lasted...

Saif looking somewhat like Roger Federer

Make this journey love always journey goes on till last breath

Take care now present moment breath is my guru journey honour no hate love always creating once journey souls thankyou

Father son looks same gods gifts journey honour gods gifts beautiful beautiful beautiful journey all forever thoughts

We are all journey souls honours respect one journey one life  one breathing is temple beautiful beautiful beautiful soul thankyou thankyou thankyou love always sharing Wise wisdom gods gifts much love

2021....and enjoying the show...Taimur&#39;s dad ...

Hello Taimoor from future ‍️
I think amrita get married have kids that&#39;s all her

I am just Looking their fluency &amp; clearity in English speaking... 

Literally they both gave birth to themselves :·)

Totally stupid to decide to get married at 21 but that’s just my opinion!!! DECIDE means to CUT OFF from all other possibilities so yeah to DE-CIDE at 21.... . I mean being with someone but why MARRY?! I think the age thing DID come into it she seems so insecure and wanting to KEEP him (anything to make him come back to the house) I feel it was a red flag from the get go... no romance no dating straight GHAR PE BULA LIYA so drab and boring BHENJI alright!  ALSI AMRITA, BUBBLY BEBO LOL!

Nice copl

Beautiful show This lady  is better than Kareena Kapoor.  She was perfect for Saif Ali Khan

Amrita made a big mistake. Was not treated right.Hope she finds a much better man.

So what went wrong? I really like all of them....as in the three.

They speak only for camera.Not in real life

saif looks a fool while he talks.nervous

beautiful in her teensnow her nose appears big on her face

MORE AND MORE RESPECT FOR AMRITA JI
Even though  this wouldn&#39;t work out for long  run

even kareena will b over after some time n I bet Saif will marry again to any upcoming actress because he can, and he is still young n handsome.

Guys, <a href="">19:25</a>Listen to this carefully... This sums up all

The Iraqi describes his love for India
Saif is literally giving interview to his dad&#39;s ex. 

Hes very bad y he go awy from her

Amrita   is  so  sweet   and  courage   woman.  Saif   did  very   bad  with  her.

Can&#39;tstop watching this simply because its one of the most awkward things on earth lol

Among the lot of Khans this one takes the cake, really amazing this guy is

Saif speaks very well and that would have captivated her, definitely not just eye candy

Kutte ko ghee hajam nhi hota.... Perfect example saif
For a split second I thought, she is Sara Ali Khan sitting instead of Amrita.

Saif is arrogant

Her accent is so good love you alot Amrita

She looks lyk shehnaz gill here ...who agree

They made a beautiful couple.

Saif ...can y see ur self In the mirror daily...betraying such an woman

This lady was too good for this maaain maaain karta bakra.

Saif  was  very  lucky  for  having  such a  understanding  and  beautiful  wife  ..... But  he  also  unlucky   for  losing  her  love... Any  way  tq  both of you  for  giving  us  an  angel    sara alikhan     iam   a  big fan of    sara

What happens now?  I don&#39;t like this types of chiting husband like Saif

Why are we shaming Saif. I believe people grow apart eventually for reasons unbeknownst to us and Saif was divorced for long before Kareena came into the picture. It’s wrong to have the narrative that he left Amrita for another woman. I love how beautifully he admits to not know anything, he admits that he asked for 100rps and couldn’t even afford a cab, he admits to not know anything about paying bills and what income tax is and he credits entirely to his wife for taking care of him. I don’t know if it’s naïveté or childishness, I thinks it’s admirable that he appreciates his then wife.

Its like sharmila tagore sitting in a male version and speaking very eloquently.

Amrita is really so intelligent ,,beautiful woman nd saif is selfish gay I dont like him,,,,

He married 13 yeara elder one.
Cunning Saif Ali Khan.

Said gifted two stars to Amrita and got three stars for himself

Amrita is very simple,, 
Why love is end up ????

Saif true Lt handsome ️️️️️
Saif dont deserve hershe has such beautiful heart

Saif so so childy look 
Why they got separated? I felt the genuine love b/wn them.... I don&#39;t feel any chemistry b/w his current wife

So thing is if a man is old and he marry young girl that&#39;s okay bcz man neven get old But if vice versa thn women is old and society dont like that what a Hippocrates

Fk

She puts him down so much ??

I am big of saif
Amrita is also at fault Jodi, see Saif is looking very young and Amrit is 50 years old.
I like their accents.

Nice couple b
Song name can you tell me guys

Song name
I was never a fan of amrita but after watching this video I have huge respect for her. She&#39;s so simple and real. So mature. They both look so much in love. Their love feels so pure and real?

Saif is looking very handsome

Daughter (Sara) grew up on his mother and son (Taimur) grew up on his father.
They were beautiful together. I think Saif don&#39;t know what he wants.

Sorry for the loyal woman ,  I was fan of Saif in my childhood, he was very handsome that time  after he married 2nd wife , he isn&#39;t much for me anymore 

i dnt find amrita that much beautiful on her age comparison to mandagini. zinatama. kimi katgar tarzan girl. what saif saw on her ‍️

According to them being Behenji is awful and being Item girl is cool.

This video makes me not believe in love.

Strong lady  AmritaAgar karina k sath aisa ho toh shyad woh ..
If you don’t see the video, it seems like Sara is speaking instead of Amrita!’

13sal badi thi amrita

Her love for Saif is true, she fell in love when he didn’t have anything of his own, Kareena married him for his money

Oh my god this is Sara and Ibrahim!!

saif was  very sincere once

Toote fute English bolne se achha h Hindi bolna .. and give English subtitles.

i am here in 2021 nd i dont kno why? 

Keep aside all bad comments but saif is so damn handsome .

Such wonderfully supportive wife ,still divorced 

<a href="">12:37</a> he just dumped me and left meh...

Everyone cursing Saif here  i just don&#39;t get it. She was the one who threw him out of the house because he was childish and his movies were not working.

They were such an amazing couple sad it didn&#39;t last..But I do feel if things do not work out it&#39;s best to go different ways...Sara is 100 % her Mum...even the voice..Hope &amp; pray Amrita too finds happiness again she&#39;s such a lovely graceful lady...Wish her only the best in life xoxo

So comfortable  strageeeee

When another marriage will take place at least go for a muslim now.

They don&#39;t seem to be on the same page, it&#39;s like they&#39;re playing a role as a couple instead of actually being a couple/themselves. So much disconnection.

She deserved better

When someone feels so comfortable with you it&#39;s a strong sign your bond is greater than you know

Sara said in one of the interviews that Amrita started to bicker about saifs failures, she started to taunt him for his downfall and flop movie... Etc. Their relationship wasn&#39;t working out well... It became toxic and then they both mutually decided to leave... They are on good terms now.... Only stupid media wants to add Chillies 

Yeh saif ali khan doesn't like girls of his age. Have you ever married someone much older than yourself? Now you are much younger than yourself.
Wow.. What a love story ️️
Ughhh.. it’s beautiful.

Good

Never get involved with a man who has such a huge age gap with you. Things won&#39;t have a happy ending. Especially if the guy is 10 yeard younger than you, no way he will stay loyal long run with you

Saif's duplicate looks like Saif
True dear, the love of the last 12 years was different.
It was not easy for saif to make a mark in Bollywood in 90s as it was rise of three mighty khans in Bollywood also sunny was in his prime &amp; Ajay ,akki were doing great ..today saif is one of finest actors &amp; has good lineup of films better than my favorites srk, Aamir , salman ..good going chote nawab️

Omg how cool relationship was this...but ...what now.....I mean their love died with age looks .....and he again married to a girl which look like her....she did really love him.....it&#39;s ok they divorced but amrita live his whole life with him all best moments you know lst is always lst love feel everything ....

His  first wife was bigger than him and second wife is smaller than him. What a great thing it is......

They just ended up cloning themselves

Amrita was ahead of time. If she had used Botox or plastic surgery at that time she&#39;d have frozen in time and would look more beautiful than some actresses today.

I forgot you said &quot;One day you&#39;ll walk alone&quot;

this is so real

I love Amrutha ji. She is a very innocent person in fact I like her all movies I would like share all of you chameli ki shadi was trend setter that time.

Seeing her really feels as if Sara ali khan speaking.

<a href="">12:35</a> He dumped me and left me

Saif used her..he spent her money when he was not having any..ultimately left her when she got old...and it was visible that Amrita Singh was sweet , dependent anf lovable...

He sounds so cocky

They r beautiful couple love amruta sing

Super

Saif telling he is lucky to have her but y he left

My prediction 2012 me saif kaarena se shaddi krega.... 
Simi - decent personality!
Her way of talking is just like Sara

A woman sacrifices everything n man didn&#39;t  take a second thought to leave that woman....  !!!!! Lady left her career at the peak .... men r selfish....

I&#39;m not at all interested in the interview but I just watch it to hear the way Amrita speaks.

Did anyone else noticed when she said ... &quot;The moment I needed him most he left me &quot;

The way they r accepting there love story seems to me a long term bonding.Bt now see what happened ..Both r separate d ...Amrita singh was so glamorous in her time no other stand her that time....

Feeling sad to see

How beautiful is Amrita compared to Kareena......!! So simple as well...!!

Oh no ,amrita is much older than Saif n looks like his mom

Ppl sometimes separating, unfortunately.  Not always man as a evil character who&#39;s leaving woman and kids, that could be decision of two. Maybe she didn&#39;t want to continue marriage the same as he. So we don&#39;t know how it was. Relationship is tango for two, so don&#39;t need to judge anyone in this story and claim Saif as a bad person and terrible husband. First of all cause we don&#39;t have any rights to that and second, we wasn&#39;t in the same room with them, when they did that choice.

Saif rocks

13 years older than sak

Actually ,both did the right thing seperating ways ,she looks mothering him more than being his wife ,he is too young to even  marry when he married her

he looks so much like his mother Sharmila Tagore , especially his eyes

Kamina came out
At <a href="">11:03</a>Saif: I don&#39;t think I am gona find this again...These interviews are personification of &quot;life Mein Kuch bhi ho sakta hai&quot;

Watch Saif stammer and sweat at <a href="">10:38</a> while Amrita gives him a dreadful, creepy look

He seems so much in love with her. What happened to all that love n passion?

I wanted to see Saif Ali Khan
I wonder how a person who has sacrificed to make his career cope up after he left. Even the daughter Sara forgave him and gels with Saif and Kareena. Hats off to Amrita and Sara 

Everyone is speaking about their relationship.....but for me i was admiring the beautiful english speaking of amrita singh.....her english speaking sounds so good like foreigners.......

It&#39;s feels like watching sara and her brother Ibrahim They literally gave birth to themselves

His father was in debt and he had to earn back his ancestral palace he didn’t want to lose the “nawab”  title .what is a prince without a palace after all. He saw a big support in Amrita and I think he truly loved her but lost attraction and he became a big star and Amrita became old.

She looks more like Sara than sara and Saif is looking like his son

Saif is cute and hamdsome

They don&#39;t look serious

such a beautiful,and open heart lady... getting separation is world biggest chutiyapa...

We need more interviews by Simi.. why not something like Oprah???

I don't understand at all
Irony is, she said it is gonna happen @<a href="">19:35</a> ..and it sadly did happen :(

Any one can tell that  in which year the program  done

Amrita is wearing a very simple dress, looking beautiful.

take my car for just i want to see u again

Ibrahim is carbon copy of young saif..sara look likes amrita

Amrita Singh ..u have such a great will power...and  wonderful personally...we love you all for ever...

Saif was so cute then...and look at him now....he can easily pass for the role of a villain ...argghhhh!!

Saif is so handsome

Like here to read the comments.
Fuck kareena

Kareena Kapoor
Saif ali khan is the worst... Waste person. He is not reliable at all. Saif ali khan 

Why does he look like Roger Federer?

What I hearing from Saif’s end is just  blah blah blah 

As much I admire the elegant interviewer Simi Garewal, cameraperson and editor have done a job par excellence.

If there where so hppy wid each other and amrita did so much for saif y they broke up still thinking

To be frankly I never felt that simil&#39;s every episodes like a interview....but like lessons for our own life steps....

Anyone in 2021???Due to recommendation of youtube which was a good thing

Liar Liar big Liar
It takes 2 to make a relationship and 2 to break one too..every coin has two sides..ppl who r badmouthing saif... u don’t know the whole story..Saif and Amrita were and are wonderful human beings.. somewhere along the way.. people grow ... fall apart.. move on... that’s sad.. but that’s Life!!!.. Amrita never let the differences between her and Saif affect the bond of the children with their father and even with Kareena!!?..that shows how dignified she is..she never remarried.. that was her choice.. she is content with everything .. still acting and going strong!!!and Saif is happy with Kareena and their two beautiful children.. Let them be...

I love both of the individuals️️ ,,I don&#39;t know why they brokeup

Sara Ali&#39;s mother looks just like Sara Ali.

It looked like two mature women&#39;s talking and no place for kid saif 

Yesteryear nick jonas and priyanka chopra.

Saif is damn handsome

I can see Sara and her brother 

But I don&#39;t find the same connection between Saif and kareena.rather these two look more connected in the relationship.

Her voice is very similar to sara ali khan 

Sara is photocopy of Amrita

Ok like Amita Singh she is lovely person.past memory was beautiful.️

They were happy together and that bitch bebooooo separate them.. I hate saif and beb0

Amrita is looking like shanaz gil

<a href="">12:37</a> when I needed him he dumped me and left me.Imagine years later it became true 

If you call Kareena in the interview then you will come naked with Saif while Amrita Singh has dressed so well.
I watching Sara n ibrahim here
How will this house get destroyed???
Nothing can break them...even tough they got separated...the proof is they gave birth to themselves️

Saif&#39;s answers are top notch, such a gentleman and so so intelligent and quick on his feet

As if they will be together for ever Huh ...what an Irony

Feel sorry for you watching this video now in 2021

Sara's voice is the same as hers.
They all went separate ways and especially Saif Ali Khan has a new life. His first son resembles him so much and daughter resembles the mother

The last few minutes  so ironic

Such an awww interview. What the life would bring you around you can never say.

Sort of heart touching 

Saif is looking soo cute..

Amrita is such a sweetheart and a strong woman..  She was established and independent,  she is the best example of loyalty..  Saif on the other hand,  used her fame and dumped her with 2kids

She still after divorce chooses to be around her kids , saif you are failed in ur commitments, i hope you don’t get back .

mullo salo
I&#39;m here in 2021

Nice Jodi

Oh God, save my wife 
Sara ali khan and her mother voice is same

dont marry an older woman if u are not able to continue love her throughout your life.....

He&#39;s actually not talking his real accent..and tryin to make good gesture while talking.

Amrita an established actor this fellow even today struggling

Kareena was not born.....

She is beautiful than kareena

This is Sara after 20yrs

They were totally in love, first love special and they did things people in love do. Him and Kareena are different love but not special like Amrita and him. She even make her husband so identical and Sara just like her mom.

I&#39;m really sad that it ended!

Beautiful couple.

So fake Saif ali

Nice Jodi

Who’s watching this in 2021???? 

Sara and Ibrahim must be crying watching this ️️️
You all speak about feminism, tolerance, patience, sacrifice, sexy, serenity, boldness, strength.... This lady has it all. A pure woman. A mother, wife, girlfriend, supporter in every way one could have been. She has been a perfect example of all. Would love to have a woman like her in my life. Respect 

Amrita looks transgender

Watching on 2021 and it remains me of Priyanka and Nick&#39;s relationship..Love them both..(How saif looks so naive here)

There kids looks exactly like them.-carbon copies. When sara is older she will look just like her mom.

Ufff sara is the same copy of her mother.

I don&#39;t like amrita

My eyes are only on Amrita how beauty she is, she looks amazing what a polite confident woman.

I see..She didn&#39;t look after herself....after married life...after kids
Succesful Amrita left everything for  unsuccessful Saif, and see Saif left her for young lady, in his success.

She is so beautiful it’s sad how they not together anymore truly he didn’t deserve her but the way they look so happy and beautiful you can see the love in their eyes

M here in 2021Dont know why

Youtube recommending me this on 2021

Like,s Prasant Kumar samistipur.
SIMI the snob of Indian cinema.

He talk like asim .. Sry asim speak like him.. If anyone notice (asim from big boss)

I just love Simmi&#39;s interviews. She&#39;s super warm, makes the guests very comfortable and is never after getting controversial statements out of them like most others.

At first I thought it is Sara

Saif and amrita had more chemistry. They were made for eachother. I never saw any kind of love or chemistry between saif or kareena..

She married older boy 1st later he married young girl. He saw both the phases of life with different age group partners.Best marriage tips he can give for sure.Karan johar please interview said on marriaging tips this could help many like us who r yet to get married 

I felt Sara  giving an  interview  seems so similar
<a href="">20:35</a> Saif&#39;s expression
Saif is acting weird. He used Amrita as jumping pad, then abandoned her. Only coward men does this way.

Seems like Sarah and Ibrahim
This Bollywood actors &amp; actress marry mny ppl they R not satisfied by one

Saif k mom lg rahi wife n
I think sara has taken a lot from her mom ... i mean we can see that clearly

Beautiful rendezvous, Saif at his youthful flamboyant best and Amrita Singh, well, she&#39;s as truthful and animated about each narration of the life and <a href="">times.One</a> does wonder how time flies and what unexpected turns a relationship takes with this flight of time. I wish both of them hearty times ahead and the steadiness they&#39;ve embarked upon so willingly.As for the rendezvous, Ms Simi, with her natural and unadulterated involvement in the interview, stands out for generations to come. She can&#39;t be emulated, I feel.Watching all the episodes in 2021.Revisiting all the nostalgic memories, one rendezvous at a time! ️

Was it love? or was it infatuation?I am confuse.

Crazy resemblance between the mannerisms sara took from her mother, I mean she is her daughter but damn

Really v cont imagine our future

Wah re wah

Well, I like Saif Ali Khan rule.... He&#39;s always that type of guy &quot;whether I want best in my life or the worst&quot;... Look Amrita as best and Kareena.... You know what I mean..

Never marry a man who is worse than you; after a few years, a bad man makes you want to marry someone else.
<a href="">12:30</a> lol 

Oo god her voice is just like sara

Ending is painfully shameful

And it didn&#39;t last

, A joke life played with saif ali khan ! <b>MOVIES TITLE</b>

Tunmchya aai ca ghoda hindi t kamata ani Eng made bolta.pic pn Eng mde banvt ja be jatu
Who are watching in 2021..

Why do I see sara through Amrita face with Saif&#39;s eyes and nose?

The age gap and she being the biggest star affected them. No idea a beautiful couple they seems there. Looks like ppl do change 

Amrita Singh and Sara Saif Ali Khan mother and daughter look like twins Macha Allah Masha Allah Dad father and Son like Saif Ali Khan and Ibrahim Ali Khan  too beautiful family

<a href="">2:15</a> the way saif defending amritha&#39;s statement It is lovely to see them ️But also sad that this couple is no more together , they broke up !

One day kareena go out from saif life that time saif will realise...

It is clear that you took Amrita because she is a mad woman.
Wait that is AMRITA? I literally can see 99% Sara. Like Sara is a clone of her mother.

saif looks so good

Such a beautiful person she is. ️

Simi Garewal.. simply wow

Am here in 2021 Jan for simi sweetheart

SAIF YOU WILL DEFINITELY PAY FOR WHAT YOU DID TO AMRITA .YOU LEFT AMRITA  WHEN SHE AND CHILDREN NEEDED YOU THE MOST.and most LANAT ON KAREENA WHO MARRIED U . Kareena will also pay for this act. But HATS OFF TO AMRITA AND YOUR CHILDREN WHO MANAGED LIFE WITHOUT YOU. I FEEL PITY ON YOU SAIF. You no more hold any dignity or respect in my mind. But not men are like YOU in ds world . SELFISH LIKE YOU. But YOU WILL PAY INSHALLAH FOR THIS ACT. You took her advantage and den you LEFT HER. 

saif is sooo handsome &amp; polite

Beautiful episode.

When I saw those thumbnail  for the first time I thought that  sara and Ibrahim  on interview !!!Amritha Singh ji and Sara  look exactly  same when they both laugh  !!!

I just can say that he was not able to keep that angel along with him....

Amrita mam is a woman with pure and loving heart...She truly loved that Saif ....she sacrificed everything even her carrier, when she was in the peak of it.... That kind of woman is rare to find in Bombay now a days ......If Saif dump Kareena like he did with Amrita, I&#39;m 100% sure that she will get married within@ few years .......Moral of this love story is, if the guy is good your love will show u heaven and if he is a wrong person than you will see the hell....

Wealth cannot buy royalty - so for those who compare how much money Kareena has or success, she definitely married him for Royalty or she is completely vain and naive...he is mature  today she is young and fun so lets see...somehow she doesn&#39;t come across to me as a nurturing types I think the roles would be reversed now - Amrita nurtured Saif and now he will end up being the one playing that role...

How happy they are

After watching this... I felt..... 

Tandav

It&#39;s really weird to see all the hate in the comment section without knowing the whole story, you can never know why they got divorced and you can never know if he was using her or she was using him, I mean they both are from respected family, Amrita was famous at the time yes but Saif himself was from a royal family and an artistic one if I&#39;m not wrong.I think they really loved eachother, everyone is talking about Amrita but Saif himself looks genuine and intimate in a different way than his interviews with kareena, he also seems to be aware of his own flaws and also acknowledging her virtues so maybe he really did love her but 21 is not the best age to get married and have children and definitely not with someone who is 13 years older than you and definitely more mature, I myself don&#39;t mind the age gap for both gender, but I think the problem was marrying at a young age rather than marrying someone older than him, they both seems to know their marriage possibly would not last the long run because of their age which sadly was true and they decided to do it anyway.But it still lasted 13 years which is long enough in my opinion, it&#39;s sad it didn&#39;t last more though, I hope they are in good term with eachother now.

Haha i loved da way saif told amrita to hold his hand...just to make her feel calm n confident

Yrr saif everytime left her and dumbed her when she said don&#39;t leave me alone in the room us tym isko smjh Jana chiye tha

This bastard left his wife for a girl who is almost as young as his daughter

Amrita is looking like copy carbon sara

Sara is just like her mom, damn!

Really like this past interview

Awesome interview, saif n amrita looks great

The eyes of Sara look like Saif and other similar ties with her mom

Kareena destroy her relationship
Nice sharing

2021 Anyone?

Amritha is SO classy.... She intensely loved Saif... But.....

The best pair is Saif and Amritha... Not saif and kareena.... Amritha is greatly match with saif... Saif and Amritha.... They are made for each other....

I&#39;m here in 6.1.2021

David Letterman who? Someone please get this woman a  show @netflix_in

Saif ali handsome qy his young age

Dumbo saif deserve Dumboo like kareena

4K dislikes from Kareena Kapoor and her burner accounts lol

Handsome Saif Ali

kareena looks like transgender...Dont understand why saif left amrita

Here in 2021. Don&#39;t know why.

<a href="">

Amrita Singh's own daughter turned out to be absolutely clean  Amrita Singh must be very proud to have said this
Beautiful memories

<a href="">1:12</a>  so sweet ......

His voice is exactly like Sara..

Please support <b><i>&quot;CAUVERY CALLING&quot;</i></b> ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• <b>1</b> tree   <b>0.7 USD</b> = <i>₹42</i>••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• For more <b>Info.</b>  <a href="">••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• To <b>Donate</b>   <a href="">•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••,,
2 bachay peda karke mosof agay barh gaye dono...bachpan ki bewaqoofi

Ye time kareena 19 ki thi.

Who&#39;s here in 2021 ?? 

I am here in 2021..Don&#39;t know why

cheater saif

I m here after watching astitva...wat a coincidence. They are resembling Abhi and Simran. Even the yellow suit...then the story n everything ️️️ life comes in a circle to everyone to random people in the same way. Strange

Simi please do the segment with Saifeena...the viewers are interested in time lapses

Sara’s body language is also similar to amrita

Sarah really looks like her mom and same voice also

Woman shouldn&#39;t marry to younger  Man . There are maximum chance of  relation breakup . Amrita should know its consequences way before ..  its Rubbish decision made by Amrita ..

No matter how many kids these two will make. They will end up looking like them.

Hope saaif watches this video and remembers that it&#39;s only coz of Amritas support that he survived n reached to the current position

&quot;If you are looking for reasons to stay in a relationship, there are thousand and if you are looking to get out of it there are equally thousand&quot; Beautifully summed up by Saif 

Amrita looks so pure 
Sara Ali Khan 
Jab achi khasi bv hoti h inki to chorty q hn ye

May this be a good example for all great women around the world who think of giving up their career and themselves for a marriage or for a man.

Saif Ali Khan Is A Very Lucky Man. 

Kareena coincidentally had both amritas. as her partner&#39;s ex (Amrita rao-shahid, amrita Singh-saif) and coincidentally her best friend is also Amrita Arora (Malaika Arora sis)

Simi.. Ur way of probing even done of the lighter experience in the other person&#39;s life.    Just flawless. I&#39;m. Still wondering where that love has gone.  What would have made this marriage fail 

i always find Amrita older than saif Ali khan ?why why why:(

Was no point writing Struggling actor.

Amrita simplicity is really appricateable,love you from the deep core of my heart Saif really a stupid playing boy

It reminds of princess diana and prince charles&#39;s story

Its such a shame they not together anymore. She seems like a lovely women. No show off she just so natural love her

Wow lovely 

If any actress could replace Simi , she&#39;s Sushmita Sen ️.. starting her show with today&#39;s generation actors having descent and valuable questions , not trash like coffee wd karan ..

First, I love how those two look like normal people and also for being so genuine.Second, Sara is the exAct copy of her mother. And Other than that young Saif is way too handsome️

Though he dated rosa kareena was not the reason for their divorce. Stop trolling her

Saif 12 years younger than his 1st wife..

सैफ very smart look.
She is so beautiful attractive &amp; charming why did he go with another    women ????

Now I see, how Sara ali khan got her good looks 

Do you think this host deserve huge respect &amp; like (in case  her language, etiquette) compare to host now a days.

She has guts to call herself behenji on air

Hey SimiThat Was Sean Penn’s Impression Of Saif During Your Interview
Saif ~ AmritaThe Classic Couple Of Our Indian Cinema

Saif ji..u lost a gem‍️
Saif is the luckiest...he had a best actress wife when he was nothing and then he has a highest paid and bestest actress wife when his carrier was almost drowning

No point
Why hemamalini marred with dharmendra with 16 younger with dharmendra dharmendra first wife parakash kaur birth date 1919 dharmendra 16 year small father dharmendra hemamalini daughter mother prakash kaur son dharmendra it s age 10 upar

Dharmendra and first wife prakashkaur age gap with 16 year difference why with 2 couple married and divorce with 1973 dharmendra 2nd wife hemamalini 16 year younger with dharmendra first wife dhrmendra mother and 2nd wife hemamalini has a daughter it s a mad person yug

Amrita is most beautiful....... ‍️‍️‍️ I like very much. Saif doesn&#39;t match to her. In reel life and real.
Life is very long, it has different stages ,feelings if u r happy with each other than OK otherwise be separate bcoz u Ppl of Bollywood r  free to do this

Cheater Saif Ali 
Amrita is so lovely. The best talk show.

Amrita was a good choice by Saif. Their kids  sara and ibrahim are really gentle and well mannered.

<a href="">12:31</a> this part explains everything...He actually left her again..

But why did they divorced ?

This old bar looks like the sister here, now Saif looks like Kareena's brother.
O Wow!!!

Dear saif ali khan Why , Why did you ditch amrita singh and then marry that lousy , dumb and arrogant Actress BEBO who  let remind me you she had no chemistry with you and she is 10 years younger than YOU.

<a href="">4:16</a> she morphed into sara

<a href="">19:40</a> indians kitna v angrezi bol le mjedar lines hindi m hi bolege 
They should have stayed together. However, life is often strange and people make choices they have to live with.

Saif is much more matured than amrita

Saif looks sooo cute at that age

This comment section is pathetic

And saif stopped rowing in middle of lake and amrita rowed it back to shore in real life too.

Wow saif ali and Sara I know this is their parents. But they both look like their parents

Amrita should be gone with Ravi Shastri

Bold chat

Why they divorced each other?!! They look so lovely nd cute together 

if things took a different turn..simi garewal would have been saif&#39;s mom

No knowledge about ballywood.. Bollywood

Sara is carbon copy of amrita... Amrita was also toooo gud.... Both mom and daughter have no extra attitude like kareena.....

Simi’s interviews are golden. So pure, so genuine, so real. I loved this!

Saif ! You are most handsome man i had ever seen...
Amritas and preti zintas voice is same

The class , the intellectual vibes and the beauty of Amrita is matchless . When he kind of made his mark , he left her for a younger woman . Too bad , his loss !

Don’t judge my opinion please: but he was so attractive and she...she just wasn’t all that. Why did he choose her?

How classy amrita Singh. Saif is a big looser.

Please subscribe to this channel @

Amrita Singh is a Keeper. Saif was foolish to let her go.

Awesome couple

amrita Singh is so ugly
He is look arogan and selfish..omg how can she agree to married him

Safi Ali Khan  Only bad man not like old family members

Saif️
<a href=""> This never gets old

Sara voice and amritaji voice both mom and daughter voice is same

I LOVE YOU

Both locking cute Karina gave it to us in the middle Or gave it to Temur TRP boy
Young amrita is so much similar to kareena.

Finally he married selfish Kareena

Only Saif can left Amrita for Kareena 

He got married again to a person who is selfish n dumb like him.  Kareena

Wow

Nice 
How much danger is Amrita?
Her daughter is like her and son is like Saif ohh wooow

At first this whole thing became the intellect and I got it.
Shame on u saif;u r nothing but a playboy.. U actually didn&#39;t deserve amritha singh. (A person of strong character, values, just look at her way of dressing, man!!) Didnt even married after divorce! Raised her children.. Actually urs... Wot about those wedding vows? How cud u hv moved on leaving amritha behind?

Sefali sir very handsome

Yah just first you marry a 12 year old girl, FIR Divas takes FIR, you marry a 12 year old girl, wow brother wow
Amrita besides being an Bollywood celeb, is very sweet by nature

Sara is just like her mother she is looking young infront of saif a cheater

Amrita Singh such an intelligent, classy lady

This is true but funny  that in my school days, I used to watch serials where amrita ji acted as vamph and I did not like her at allalways with burst out eyes and allBut when I saw &quot;BETAAB&quot; , I fell in love with Amrita singh ji and I saw the film thrice just to stalk amrita ‍️Ans saif ali khan before 2010, he had done a lot of good films of his career and I also love his charming attitude and handsome-ness(!) Alwayss 

Beautiful couple good they had special time together

He just used her for his own career

Kareena.
Sara is so much like Amrita. Amrita is so much confident

Which year was this interview ?

She completely overshadows Saif with her personality. Men cannot handle strong women

I hate saif after married with kareena 

Wow he’s handsome 
he is like ibrabim Ali khan

Wow Amrita mam  well I love saif sir. I can see he was immature to cheat on her. Such a lovely lady she is 

Saif alis first love was Amrita. kareena is a current wife but never going to be like with Amrita.

It was so easy for these people to decide what they wanted in life in such short time ! But when it came to Sarah and Sushant..  mmm !! He got killed.  Contradiction

I was expecting a taimur joke here guys... C&#39;mon he deserves a mention here :)

Saif giving himself a reason everytime

This show feels like The Kapil Sharma Show of 90s

Two impulsive people who got in trouble because they couldn&#39;t end a one night standI love them both though..

Loochha worthless
Amrita Singh is look vary responsible machore and luvable

Saif is so down to earth and respectful !! Love him ️

Sara and amrita is same

This is the show that we deserve, realistic and classy. Not that koffee with karan chugli show. Just about mocking others and everything negative

Never did I have such a hearty laugh since a long time nowThankyou Simi

I&#39;m here 2020 
Amrita has a kind of Grace and Saif has a Charm ️

Simi knows what is amrita singh. So many times she repeated you were a big star and she keep talking to amrita more than saif.

Amrita&#39;s voice is so similar from sara ali khan her daughter like just so similar!

Amrita is very beautiful and talented actress.... 

<a href="">2:54</a> god damnn that&#39;s Sara only....like mother like daughter that too exact....adorable 

<a href="">2:26</a> &quot;you know&quot; now i got to know that how Sara is so great when it comes to speak something it felt like i&#39;m watching sara&#39;s interview that face that voice that calmness that accent that gentleness this is something class hmm......this is idol couple 

Why I hate ?

Saif wow look very qute

Amrita is so beautiful n glamorous

Just bcz, they&#39;re divorced now, and the guy was young and girl was elder doesn&#39;t mean it was guy&#39;s fault only or either. Sometimes marriage just doesn&#39;t work out, it&#39;s btter to get seperated. Stop even comparing his current wife with his ex one. Kareena came so later when saif was completely single.

Thanks for posting this video...️

One of the most underrated shows! Simi Garewal is sheer love

Son of pataudi asked for 100 rs..wolaaa

It was  a amazing jodi️️.
they looked so in love

She looks lost ! Dusro ko bnate bnate insan aksar khud bikhar jata hai..such a classy lady she is!

If saif can leave amrita for kareena .then even kareena is in danger if he gets a better one then  her guys r guys

Now 4 time father saif

The awkward moment when you realize that Saif’s father was in a relationship with Simi until he met Saif’s mother  They all were so professional... so happy to see people moving on and not clinging on to things or being petty for too long

Sarah has the charm of her mother,smart,elegance ,beautiful and overall adorable.

There is lot of age difference

She is far better looking than gaspot Kareena

Saif 
Kareena looks so fake in comparison to Amrita!

Why I m watching this

All the heroin in some time had a crush on Sunny Paaji. i love his whole family specially Dharam Ji is my Hero

AMRITHA never married later. it shows her commitment towards family &amp; children.

Amrita is great,and kareena bad girl

Nice and very beautiful Jodi 

Beautiful jorhi nibha na ske saif how sad first love is real love then how can one feel happy
Muslim had habits of having more wife

He looks handsome here

I remember this episode

I love both of them as they are very expressive

How despicable can a man be when his wife is a young daughter… When he had to perform the duties of his father, he married Kareena Kapoor at the age of his daughter…..
Amrita smile so cute 
Amrita is so mature and well spoken. Saif looks very immature in front of her. Maybe that&#39;s why he and kareena hit it off

Fun fact: Saif&#39;s father dated Simi Garewal before he met Sharmila Tagore..

Only Khan who experiments different kinds of roles..

A great woman I never see .Hats of to u mam

2020me kn dekhrahahee
Kareena should watch this

Saif look so young
Amrita look more senior than saif  ...

Song name please

Saif is really a goat

I like simi very much,i never saw charasmatic personality like her...love u so much mam,you are too good...

All the heroine that came with Saif didn&#39;t make so serious pass except Kareena if she could walk away from him n married Shahid Kapoor amrita&#39;s life would&#39;ve been completed it was love at first site one day u never know.saif n amrita will be together again if they are meant to be sorry for such a couple she must&#39;ve love him n miss him still

The best relationships work because people find a way to marry their love and respect, with their tolerance for what they dislike in each other. It&#39;s unwise to let our personal bias - or impressions of their public persona - determine the reasons for their split or compare them with anyone. People evolve, their expectations change - both from life itself and each other. They were certainly deeply in love, and they have continued to grow in their lives instead of getting stuck in an untenable place. That speaks volumes for their individual convictions.

I like this but.....

He dint have 100 rs also unbeivable. Good parents they want him to make money himself

Amrita Singh ne paeinso ke liye shadi ki thi

Simi mam v beautiful today v pehle jaisi hai jaise karz film me thi amazing 
<a href="">17:32</a> her and Sara&#39;s expressions match right ? 

Kareena loves Saif like Amrita did but men love only beauty.

They both are looking exactly like their children in old fashion clothes

Saif looks so cool 
 The intro
U left her because she is oldBe careful baby history can repeat again U  r old now and Kareena is young

Yrrr saif ko dekho or Amrita g ko dekho,  saif is cute

Copy of ibrahim ali khan

I m here bcz my bf also smaller than me so confused

Saif looks sooo cute.

Sara completely resembled her mother.. even the voice.. such a beautiful lady

I have watched this the nth time but cant get over it or enough of it... her smile her happiness he spontaneity

its really scared to watch how people easily fall out of love as years pass by . :/

Fakos

Fakos

Saif didn&#39;t deserve Amrita.....he&#39;s a bastard and kareena is a bitch......hate them both 

Thats why Islam allows two wives with loves, man loves more then one girl its in his nature.

Whose number is there after Kareena?
Sara eyes exactly look like saif eyes.

Learn to live humbly above the earth, you will be able to live peacefully below the earth
See saif&#39;s face between <a href="">4:30</a>-<a href="">4:34</a>..

Amrita Singh English is so good
<a href="">2:06</a> amrita mam remembering me of an actress but who? dont know

Amrita Singh is far better than kareena Kapoor. Amrita is a class and kareena is trash.

They was beautiful Couples(🇵🇰)

Karan Johar should learn something from Simi Garewal - how to bring the best out of people, not their worst!!

Aww they&#39;re really too cute ️️

O My God ️️️. Sara is absolutely like her ️️. Lot&#39;s of love ️️
Sara is carbon copy of her mom even in her attitude

His accent

Saif looks so cute yaar
She is just wow

Both are loocking  wow

Best jodi
Nice family Saif &amp; Amrita <a href="">#athukiriproduction</a>

1.39 Saif’s expression 
I think that she is sara and he is kartik..

Kareena can&#39;t reach as Amrita
Watching this after watching Sara and Sushant interview. Sara is so much like her Mom, good actress, beautiful and very outspoken.

My God he looks soooooooo handsome

I never expected saif was so good at interviews but he is really a good and talented person.

Show it to Kareena
Saif a lucky man

Does anyone know the interviewer simi garewal is the ex gf of saif’s dad. Must be damn awkward for her!!

Saif Ali shouldn&#39;t marry to Kareena. It is very sad.

No wonder y they have told Sara no to marry  Sushanth

Look at saif in beginning he seems very self-satisfies having her and today same PANDU don’t give a f to her everything!

Sara n Ibrahim Ali Khan
Bdi bhn lag rhi h
When is this show?
If film actresses were cricketers, then Amrita Singh would be a Geoff Boycott, the conventionally beautiful actress who gave a super hit in her debut movie. Saif was struggling so much when he married her, and she supported him through all those tough years of the 1990s. Even post divorce, Amrita did a great job of bringing up Sara and Ibrahim, making Sara one of the upcoming actresses today. In Two States, Amrita looked so good as Arjun Kapoors mom. I am amazed at her body language in the interview where she is so much in love with Saif.

sara ali is copy past of her cute mom

Sara looks more like saif..
Kareena Kapoor ruined this beautiful couple..lots of respect to Amrita

Amrita is what kareena can never be.. but ofcourse i dont intend to lower kareena&#39;s personality she is at her point a diffrent personality yet i find amrita more strong and courageous woman.. massive respect for her journey.. and no wonders all that wisdom never let u loose she is still beautiful where as saif is i can say a much weaker version.  He got swayed many a times, got carried away and definietly is not the worth.

I didn’t feel the chemistry between them

Sara&#39;s voice and looks are just like her mom!!!!

When saif said &quot;r u going to run away with some one r u having an affair &quot; I felt very bad.... I don&#39;t know y may be because now she is alone and he married again and living happily  

Mam is it u who give like to the comment????U made my day by liking my comment... Is it ur team who checks and likes the comments or you ??? I&#39;m curious please respond... I like you soo much mam... Today I watched queen gayatri interview she is a legend I like her soo much...thank you for that episode ... Kindly reply about who checks the comments u or ur team waiting for ur reply  ....

Simi mam no one does interviews like u now ... I watch every interview of yours... U voice is so soothing and relaxing... The questions you ask are awesome... I want to meet u atleast once to say thank you for these beautiful episodes... No one can do them again because every star is just plastic in and out now .. love you simi ji.

Love Amrita...Saif has good eye getting such a beautiful, sensible and funny wife, but unfortunately he don’t have luck to keep such lovely women through out his life

Amrita came to visit after meeting Saif.
Amrita is such a sweet person she was my favorite

lockdown binge watching..

Shes sooo soooo sooo naturally beautiful.. awww she&#39;s sooo cute and soo gentle sooo downtoearth kind . Its  my 3rd time watching this.. 

Sara sounds same as her mom

When sara ali khan watches thiss...... 

He just used her to get into Bollywood She is stupid for fall for it.

Amirta was so talented , not good happen by luck , but now we wanna see again with grooming in fresher again really , she deserve it now to captured the world by her talent n grooming back as well

Don&#39;t scroll through the comments. Most of the people are just  judging their relationship.Stop it guys!!! It&#39;s their personal life.

Saif is girl crazy man. When amrita is pretty he married her but when she became old he left her.

This interview is being conducted for American people, maybe that is why he is speaking English.
Please do one with Deepika padukone and Ranveer Singh

Amrita is so beautiful and dignified.

I&#39;m watching in quarantine

GREAT SWEAT SMART DESCENT AMRUTASING REALLY REALLY GOOD REALLY GOOD DESCENT AMRUTASING IS A GREAT GREAT

How gorgeous Sara and Ibrahim Ali are in this show 

Sara&#39;s style of laughing, speaking, sitting - everything is a carbon copy of miss Amrita. There&#39;s a remarkable resemblance!!

Why dis kareena want married man

I find Amrita way more prettier than Kareena. Sarah is also beautiful

Feel sorry for Saif

Someone go and show this video to Taimur's son, friend.
Saif looks so handsome..

I love how innocent their love was ️

Who is watching under 2020Lovely couple more then with kareena ️From 🇱🇰

Who is watching this in quarantine?

Me

Sara is just like Amrutha... They way she talks and the way she carry her self.

Could see and feel the chemistry between both of them...Saif kept holding her hand and shows he loves and adores her. Sadly...i don&#39;t see that much chemistry between Kareena and Saif. There are occasions whenever Kareena tries getting comfy with Saif like holding his arm or hand  have seen him brushing it off...

Love jihad
