Again it&#39;s those evil terrorist olive trees that Russia is bombing

It's time to start putting classical music on videos
DON'T GET BACK! DON'T GIVE UP! Don't allow yourself to be weak - never! Walk away - resist! Look at the world through your sights - and ATTACK!
Let's not attribute Allah to these ISIS, such people have nothing to do with Islam, I ask you, they simply pollute and desecrate making Islam cruel!
In the first video again - “everything is right on target”)) The cameraman apparently went crazy with such precision. The ISIS fighters in the trenches have definitely gone deaf.
Should we wait for a video of the work of not only bomber aircraft, but also attack aircraft?
It's strange that no one runs out of the building. Or no one moves nearby on the territory
butter in a frying pan.
The West has given birth - the Kurds are forming a democratic alliance with the Sunnis. They probably paid them handsomely for this. Now it’s officially forbidden to bomb this alliance? Tricky.
Ukraine and IS are brothers forever! I applaud
Mi-28 landed in Latakia) Khan caravans of “partners”, the time of right-hand drive Toyotas has passed)
just for people who want to know truth isis is made by assad and putin intel of assad , the FSA 13th division (look for it ) for example hit russian assad tanks in first day more than 24 confirmed with Tow .new sykos picot  and the world is hypnotized by media

Coming soon to all cinemas across the country in 3D and Imax3D!
God! Thank you that I am Russian!
And here I am again with a proposal to drop ODAB-9000
But the question is this: in a world where every second schoolchild has a GoPro with fullHD and higher, and phones take pictures no worse than professional cameras....What kind of crap is a UAV filming? Or is this video compressed and after 30 phones gets to YouTube in a roundabout way?
Obama is turning white with anger...over this month he was only able to destroy a peaceful hospital and two excavators...
Russia can bring politeness to anyone anywhere in the world 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Are you still impolite? Then we will come to you in the summer!
Excellent training in practical combat operations for the Russian Air Force is excellent.
always in the videos of all our bombings in Syria, bombs explode next to buildings, I suspect these are mistakes, surely they were not aiming at buildings, but at gopher holes
This time the firing positions are very clearly visible, the dushmans have rolled down to nowhere
Is this a shock wave reaching the camera on the UAV?
Looks like Kerzhakov is bombing ((
Past
Moment - dreams to die come true!!)))
Patriots of Russia are added as friends in classmates!!!)))
got crayfish
The extremist trees got what they deserved. Is the Russian Air Force plowing the beds before the sowing season?
In the video I see a senseless waste of funds on bombing the Syrian sands. In the near future, Rashka will have to make a choice: either shamefully leave Syria or get involved in ground battles for years like in Afghanistan and again leave shamefully
Somehow, after a naval missile strike, all episodes of this blockbuster faded. Ministry of Defense, give us more drive. Maybe we'll launch a ballistic missile. It is necessary to rid the missile silos of junk.
Curious, how many NATO pilots submitted their resignations after the Western media allowed them to attack Russian Aerospace Forces aircraft in Iraq?
I would say this: well, all this is very modest
Fake video! Filmed in the computer toy for children Arma 3, even the compounds are the same.
finally they listened to reason - there is a moment of the blows themselves, and not just a column of smoke, hell, understand what the hell...
The satanic spawn raised by American advisers and Saudi sheikhs will not have long to breathe the air that ordinary peaceful and honest people breathe. Until the terrorists are excluded, heavenly punishment will befall them. It is the Russian Aerospace Forces that carry out the will of Allah. P.S. I'm not a Muslim at all.
1
