It is David heavener Abaddon the antichrist that Kill Kanye west ,Jay z, Beyonce Knowles, rihanna and Katherine heigi and steal all of thier money and he also killed the saudi Arabia prince and be kill prince Philip and  David heavener Abaddon the antichrist is Kier stammer because in the Jewish midrash it say the Antichrist can change his appearances as he wishes and he stole thier money all the people he has killed David heavener Abaddon the antichrist killed all of them this year 2021

Do u still believe he died?

Missin him he had a bright future. Tbh i once had a dream, where we were living in a world where kanye was driven for desire and destined for greatness.He was our president in that dream of mine....rip 

nooooooo

:(

Clickbait

still miss this guy, R.I.P forever and ever 

a lotaa ppl in the comments need to pay a visit to kanye&#39;s grave &amp; to r/whoooosh

Woah, so the other Kanye is a fake

it has been 9 years now we will miss you forever kanye. R.I.P

dowza is a idiot KANYE IS STILL ALIVE THAT MUST HAVE BEEN SOMBODY ELES OR HIS FRIENDUGH UNSUBSCRIBE

Then the Rumors the past year, about him being a CLONE &amp; being in &amp; out of hospitals for mental illness issues...&amp; the recent  announcements of Kim Kardashian wanting a divorce, then changing her mind, then announcing it again, &amp; the fact that they have been parading their family of 3 babies &amp; toddlers on Magazine Front Covers everywhere!!! Which is the Truth??? He died in 2009? Or he died but they CLONED HIM &amp; OK married a Clone by mistake?? Or on purpose?? Who isn&#39;t a screwed. up NUT in the Entertainment these days..,You are all insane trying to pull off this type of garbage without incident??? OMG!!! THOSE POOR CHILDREN!! Can you expect them to be normal??

Nearly 10 years now.. wow what a loss to humanity

Guys he means that kanye&#39;s good music died.

Sleep well sweet prince... What a great human being he was.

rip

wishfull thinking..

No shit

He Is Not Dead

KANYE IS NOT FUCKING DEAD! WTF PEOPLE

no you dumd fuckes his not dead he just watch the throne just came out he and jay z made the album 

SHIT IS KANYE DEAD? :&#39;-(

what the fuck hes not dead dambasses



Hes a gay fish

He&#39;s died in 2009, but he put out a new album in 2010 guys, hes dead....=.= SMDH how can ppl so fucking stupid?

i he dead?! Oo

ineptos

He&#39;s alive is 2010 ppl

Trolololo

good riddance he was a asshole anyway

@DDowza no hes not u dummy

Kanye stole &quot;Aller better faster stonger&quot; by Daft Punk...  If he wouldnt have done that his cereer would have never started...  so all i have to say is FUCK kanye,  i cant W8 till he dies!

wow you are stupid if you think that was true. also, cars dont smash like that naturally. sorry

dont believe everything u read on twitter

well see there was this big rumor that he died in a car crash and in her description it says in an accident. but a lot of people believed he died in the &quot;car crash&quot;

How about a little research before making a video saying someones dead? Although his career is pretty much dead.

lolll wow

dude he isnt even dead!

The first pic is when he snatched the mic from Taylor to say Beyonce had best video of all time. L.O.L.!

Kanye isn&#39;t dead, but his intelligence is! :D

oh my god he isnt dead lol

I posted it when he died? Or when I was told he died. Sorry.

2 questions.... where does this fuckin rumors come from?  and why do so many stupid ass pple belive this shit? seriously its sad

he died?

when?

god this sux...

Kanye:West in Peace!

OMG idiots!

Kanye 4 life!

Goodnight my sweet prince.

hes not dead

kanye west isnt dead it was a twitter hoax!!!!

oh well.

cool.

douchbags

RIP Kanye ;_;

lmao attempt to get views. Nice work

hes dead.

yeah he is. RIP kanye.

yeah he is, stop being so disrespectful

Lmao!! rumors

now that he&#39;s seen this tribute he can die in peace knowing crappy tribute slide shows to him will be on youtube

sage

You guys are just insensitive, get lives. Hes passed on quit being disrespectful.

GUYSSS HES NOT DEADD

omg..... the idiot who posted this must noe  HE IS NOT DEAD!!! IT WAS A DUMB TWITTER RUMOR. HE WASNT EVEN IN AN ACCIDENT...

FUCK ALL YA.. MR. WEST will NEVER DIE... BITCHES!! n HATERS!! r ya still mad bout him interrupting the lil girl at the VMAs  c&#39;mon

just because hes still alive doesnt mean we cant dream...

Ayo Kayne Imma let you finish but balloon boy had one of the greatest hoax of all-time! -Perez Hilton

what the his deaad ?!

go to twitter to the trending topics and go to rip kanye west and it will tell you its not real...and plus if it was real wouldnt it be all over the news

i mean hes not dead go on twitter to the trending topics and read the kanye west trending topic...Dumb fucker!!!

your mom&#39;s a fucking douche bag. west is alive

he is not dead stupit

Denial is an important step in mourning. Hang in there bro.



RP KANYE

goodnight sweet prince, 1977-2009, RIP Kanye West

i dunno whats up with these dudes but Kanye aint dead, he still makes more money then before so I dunno whats up but okay..

Aw, man. It&#39;s a shame, but when you burn so bright, you go out faster. At least his best work was well behind him.

Until Kanye West posts that he is alive on this video, hes dead.



Stop being insensitive you jerk.  Respect the dead.

R.I.P.

RIP, real talk.

#taylorswiftrevenge go go go

R.I.P... fuck..

R.I.P, It all happened so fast.

he will go down in history as a legend. R.I.P. my beautiful.

i cant believe is dead :(

Good riddance I say.

you are so brave

Man its kinda hard to belive he died oh man R.I.P kanye

conspiracy!

i always knew he was a momma&#39;s boy...

Ok I understand then. RIP Kayne, you will be missed.

I&#39;m not, Youtube overwrote the song of Kanyes I used and it changed to this one. 



No matter what, the pictures will speak louder than the music.

RIP Kanye

This sucks guys he may be a jerk but don&#39;t make fun of his death.

soo shattering, the world has lost a lyrical genious.

RIP KANYE

god bless his soul, may he rest in peace

1st
