A night she can&#39;t forget. A crime she can&#39;t remember.Mira Kapoor is boarding the train on Feb 26. Are you in?

I have the book duh

It&#39;s taken from the movie THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN by Paula Hawkins and the novel is far better.

the lead actress is so beautiful, one of the reason i watch this movie

This movie is copied from a Hollywood movie.
Copy cat ️
Don’t waste your time!!!!!!!!!

why did they change the story line...the lead is an alcoholic...not amnesia...LOOKING forward for this Indian director&#39;s perspective...

&#39;I need a gun&#39; said Rachel

Why copy from movie all Hindi movie

Omg this movie is a disgrace to the book the girl on the train by paula hawkins.

LMAO

Remake of 2016 Hollywood film featuring Emily Blunt.

Awesome movie 
THANKYOU.......

copywood...copy karna band kar
Copy everything from Hollywood 

Must read novel... By Paula Hawkins

I Just watched it&#39;s original version English movie it was amazing... I may watch this too

This group of people eating is very bastard, you are the citizens of India.
Why are they speaking Indian one moment and English the next?

Well.... it&#39;s not Mira Kapoor, it&#39;s Rachel, and I liked Rachel one better...

Bollywood is out of stories now. remake of hollywood movie THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN which was released in 2016.

I thought this was the original... really great and intense

Even they didn’t change the movie name lol,it&#39;s a complete remake of a Hollywood movie with same name..only they do overacting perfectly...

Big blunders and mistakes in the movie . Walter is killed by the black car which belongs to the female cop in charge . So , she kills walter , and in the same moment Pareneeti takes Walters phone as walter , and messages on the phone which is with the female cop to come and meet her . Lol , she killed walter by herself still she is dumb ! Who else could have messaged her from Dead walters phone .. 

Why do produce such psychopathic movies now? Dont they have such good family stories? Some light love stories with no semi porn scenes? Some good romantic dramas for mature people of above 35? Hell with such stupid psycho thrillers and M fed of them now

I like the original movie “ the girl on the train” better. The English version

Copy krte ho Hollywood ko

FlOP

Bollywood s the worst film industry ever.. no professionism.. they copy from others  and make money because if useless uneducated audidnce.... useless fellows..

The shock was unimaginable when u learn that the cop had done it and the husband was a jerk

Parineeti Chopra 
Same foreigm locations, different nationality of actors. Lol.

I think the book (The girl on the train written by Paula Hawkins) is more thrilling and far better than the 2 movies which they adapted from the book. In the book the cilmax , twist and turns,the details of each and every character, especially Rachel was soo amazing!!.️

The ending was so twisted I fell off my bed. Not in a million years anyone has seen a &quot;detective&quot; story like this.

This is what happens to girls who don't drink.
I think this story gonna thrill us

But it&#39;s a remake ...2016 movie is really fantastic

What a wonderful person Mira Kapoor is, what harm has she done by putting the character in her name!
Kapda tk copy kre hue h

yet another remake :)

I just started reading the book and i put it down for awhile and when I opened netflix i saw this movie lol. What a coincidence

Maat dekho
ALL THE NICE SCRIPTED BOLLYWOOD MOVIES ARE REMAKE OF SOME OTHER NATION MOVIES &quot; IT&#39;S SAD BUT TRUE &quot;

Wow  too much suspense in this movie..

Ek to ye bollywood waale remake kab band karenge banana abe kuchh apna likho......

Full Movie Upload Please 

Can someone tell me if this a copy of the English version of the movie? Is the story same?

Copy 
Just read the book on which this movie is based of....I will see the movie and let&#39;s see  which is better.

Wow they changed most of the book not that I hate this version

Came here after reading the book by Pawl Hawkins, I suggest u all, read the book better than watching the movie. The book was very nice, he explained it very clearly.

By watching the content, I knew it&#39;s a remake of Hollywood movie. Coincidentally it&#39;s a remake of Hollywood movie with the same name the girl on the train.

It is a remake of the Emily Blunt version. I hope it lives up to her tremendous performance, worthy of an OSCAR.
Everything from India sucks. Even the people.

Isse accha Emily blunt wala the girl on the train dekhlo

I don&#39;t feel like this goes with the story but I have the book here and am about to read it so I guess we&#39;ll see how it goes?? Is this actually a story about a woman who watches a loving couple as she passes by them every day, gets consumed by the jealousy and lashes out in some mind blanking, episode she can&#39;t remember??

I’ll rent the one with Emily Blunt instead.

Another fucking remake of some original masterpiece of hollywood 

Why do Indians have to copy everything from Hollywood? Can&#39;t they come up with their own ideas?

I don&#39;t speak Hindi, so I would like to know: why some of the characters speak English or why some phrases are in English? I mean, is it typical for India to talk like that? Just interested to find out

sorry but this is nothing compared to original, the performances seem more artificial in this one....

Such bad acting,ruined my taste.

waahiyaat copied movie of fantastically made movie

Interesting movie But why is this so under rated?

This movie is legittt bruuhhhhthe twist and again so much twists omg the bestt

If u haven&#39;t watched it, DON&#39;T watch it, just a waste of time. If u r a crime thrill lover u gon keep questioning yourself why u watching this.

Only read the book on a recommendation. Alcoholic blackouts, home, suspense. Although saw the ending coming. Love. Trinity and Neo.

Hey parineeti kamfire hereTRUE DAT???

I am reading this book now the girl on the train it&#39;s confusing af

If u watch the original Hollywood movie. U will hate parineeti.Emily blunt killed it...

Why dub the Hollywood movies too

I did not see that ending coming.Excellent movie.Loved everything about it.

This is copied

good  remake

I have just watched this movie .....and I must say this one is a masterpiece ️I love this it was amazing, interesting

Copy cat movie

This was absolutely horrific. And did anyone else notice they stole some aerial shots from the previous film?? It&#39;s set in London this one, yet all of a sudden we get a few shots of a train travelling through New York City?!?! Lol

Time wasted movie.

They dubedd South Indian movies, now they are dubbed all Hollywood&#39; movies, they can dubb Titanic, terminator, back to future and alien series and avatar, predator, Jurassic park?

For god&#39;s sake make something orginal. Full of idiots in India cinema . Never make orginal content . Useless.

I prefer Emily Blunt but let&#39;s see how they abridged this from the h&#39;wood version

Superb movie

Copy Copy Copy... Bollywood can&#39;t avoid.
I have seen a Hollywood movie with same story

Emily Blunt.....

this looks am amazinggg!

Remake? Again? Why?

Aditi Rao ji, you are beautiful in front of Chopra, you should have got the lead role, your acting is also real in front of theft.
Bollywood wale just copy hi ata h
love hindi movies
Currently reading the book &#39; The girl on the train &#39; by &#39;Paula Hawkins&#39; ...

Sharam V Nahi Aati, they make a movie of the same name with the same story, they feel that they don't watch Hollywood movies, how much copy paste will they spend?
Baqwas movie, complete copy of the Hollywood version

I m Parineeti Chopra&#39;s friend

I&#39;m currently reading this book

This is inspired from the novel &quot; The girl on the train&quot;

is a copy of the other film &quot;the girl on the train&quot; 2016!!
Parineethi&#39;s acting looks promising but it&#39;s just another Hollywood remake.. Emily Blunt is way better.. No offence intended

Omg that&#39;s a same copy of the girl in the train 2016 American version 

Desi version of Emily blunts&#39;s &quot;The girl on the train&quot;.....trailer is crap

Great movie!! I watched it translated to Spanish

Seems like an SNL parody of the original.

This movie is just stupid. Need to rewatch many time to understand..  I&#39;m so confused with their character.. also, it&#39;s not logical when you&#39;re acting in international country and only have Indian cast.. Indian movie always trouble me

copied 
love you India 🇮🇳 
Another remake:)

Worst remake...

Pls can anyone send me link of this movie i want to watch it badly

Chariot
Its copied though everything :);

Very poor execution of original novel and movie

Sorry but Emily Blunt killed it

Watch the original one with Emily Blunt first! I promise you won’t be disappointed.I have no clue they’d just copy the movie smh ‍️ Bollywood really?

Yeh copy paste movie hai
DRUGIST PARANEETI BOYCUTT......

Instead of copying Hollywood movies, do something of ur own

I am sorry of what I am going to comment but Indian movies are suck cos they are not original they very talented at copying others

When I came across this on netflix (after seeing the original) I thought surely there&#39;s a glitch/ wrong name wrong thumbnail. But they didn&#39;t even try to hide the fact that it&#39;s copied even the name fgs but ye may aswel watch it still

It this better than the previous one with Emily Blunt?

The main character name is Rachel Watson in the book

Wonderful mv ️ Parineeti is just wow

ohh my God!!! they just murder a brilliant story...&quot;Mujhe is trailer ko bhulna hoga&quot;

Why all these remakes!!

Parineeti Chopra please go and come under a train. Don&#39;t act

They didn&#39;t copy anything and India isn&#39;t the only country that did this. It&#39;s simple business and marketing, the film &quot;The Girl On The Train&quot; both the Hollywood and Bollywood version are just adaptations of a book and they didn&#39;t copy the Hollywood one they simply saw how big a hit the Hollywood version was worldwide and several countries made their own version that would be more relatable to their own countries demographic therefore a great opportunity for a cash grab and creating more revenue. Don&#39;t try to compare these movies or the actress to Emily Blunt either, they both have their respective demographics to appeal to and the Bollywood one wasn&#39;t meant to appeal to westerners so stop criticizing it. They used a well known Bollywood actress to appeal to their Indian demographic simple as that. I&#39;d also like to add that so many of you are being highly insensitive and ignorant and using this comment section too make racist comments whether you realize it or not, please check yourself.

Bollywood again has no story only nationalise the international character. 

This story has been written by Paula Hawkins, a British author. With a hectic schedule for work, I finished it in one week. Highly recommend to read the book.

Bollywood can make anything garbage!!!

Hate this! English version was way better!!!

whats the point,...No I mean seriously Whats the point??

Nus.Wow.
the original book is far far better than this movie

Mat dekhna - full baqaas
copied.

Lol.. saw the first scene where hydri gets scared..omg..kids act better at getting scared ..  n the wound on the other actresses ..dnt get me started.. I mean..thoda toh convincing lagneka koshish karte.. it&#39;s just half ass work..like no one wanted to work but was forced to do it.. Watched it under 2mins.. guess how .. this remake is nothing compared to Emily Blunt&#39;s acting..

Parineetis one of the best performance 

What a pathetic copy from the original one

Isn&#39;t this a rip off of The Girl on the Train 2016 movie?

Is this remake the girl on the train anna blunt ???

There is not a single problem in this movie.
So remember, I didn't know anything even in 12th...
a copied movie 
Sabse jhaaatuuu movie 
After watching the original, this totally sucks

I love the film, very great great great story really, i was shocking...Good job guys

India will start such a movie
The original one is still better

Based on book the girl on the train

Netflix India: We dont have our own content so lets copy from Hollywood.I would prefer y&#39;all watch the original &quot;The Girl on the Train 2016&quot; by Emily Blunt

achi film thi aur qatal kaur ny kia tha

She knows she can&#39;t convince us by her acting that she is trying hard to remember what happened that night.....So she said it like 4 times what she is trying to act!. .there will be wound on forehead  for like 60% of the movie.. To look like she is beaten up!..dear lord.

The original movie, acting is far more better

man!!!     Hollywood remake

One of the best suspance  movie 

I mean why make a movie that is based on a movie which is based on a book. We get it. There are so many thriller books i would love see as a movie. Maybe pick up those?

I love love love this movie

 is being found on the name of content
They literally copied everything

What they chose...as compared to emily blunt...And this movie focused on female &quot;empowerment &quot;...rather than focusing on plot....

spoiler alert ...the murder is actually mira&#39;s ex husband ..he killed aditi rao&#39;s character because he had an affair with her and she was pregnant ...p.s : i haven&#39;t watched this flim yet but i have studied the novel .

Aditi rao got the most beautiful lips in the world ️

This is a super film

Ache aur original dekne keliye sirf Hollywood he dekiye kyuki Bollywood sirf Hollywood ki duplicate copies banata hai aur, use made in India ka tag lagata hai.

The movie could have been good but due to poor acting of Parineeta Chopra, it was deleted after watching an incomplete movie.

y copy everything???can we guys make something on our own???

Copy from Hollywood movie

copy cat.

Q aise faltu k movie bna kr logo ka time kharab krte ho yrrr totally over over acting

Completely an imitation of the American film with Emily Blunt. -.-
What the hell is this? They made crap of a good novel.

who thinks its the best thriller movie?

What’s the point of this . Just watch the original

Bakbass movie

Who else noticed the Kabir Singh background sound in this trailer ?

is this story is based on the book  by paul ??

Copied

Everyone is talking about random things here. But I just watched the movie and really loved Aditi’s acting. I don&#39;t know why she&#39;s very underrated but I just loved her acting and all. She&#39;s very pretty

Why don't you put your mind to copy it from Hollywood?
I also have seen Hollywood movie copied from . Just miss use of money to make copies . Just buy a Xerox machine it will save lot of money .

Is this a copy from Emily movie

I love the book

I mean, it's not enough to steal the movie because they're bored with the American movie, no, and they also treat it with utmost arrogance as if it were an original  You Indians have some things to do.
One of the POOREST story lines as well as screenplays.

Why they are still copying hollywood  for those who dont know this movie is also a copy of hollywood hollywood was one who made this first film based on novel but bollywood just copies it idk why netflix streamed this garbage mocie and also promoting it i inow pareeneti is good actress but whats the point movie is copied and garbage

genuine questions: who asked for this and why did they think it was a good idea?

Bollywood Chappa Factory 

This is one of the most thrilling Indian movies that got released this year as of July 2021 along with Haseen Dilruba. I wasn&#39;t into Indian movies until I watched this. Worth a watch. Please watch it if you haven&#39;t

Fantastic
I&#39;ve read the book and I never knew this movie existed until nowwa

Everyone else is thankful but this wretched old hero has become the father of that movie or teach us some acting to our lady police officer.
Copied &amp; paste  .. not expected  !!

It's a stupid movie, it's time to watch it again.
Pathetic
Novel ka 12 baja Dia Pari has tried a lot but she cant match Emily Blunt, all the cast tried Their best and made it very funnyLost of 2 hours,

Pareeniti s voice over is very bad

Director sir or no actress was found for this character
Why don’t they make original films

Irony: detective was solving her own case to get herself behind the bars .....what the hell ...

just a hindi version of a hollywood movie......................

The end of movie is very interesting

This made up of a novel name the girl on the train....

I watch the Hollywood one.Seriously it was mind blowing.Emily blunt was flame  in that movie.Why Bollywood remake is kinda movie , last year they copies Spanish movies like the invisible guest,the body .India has  profound history and literature,why they don&#39;t make flims on their own culture. For this remake thing i  totally stopped watching Bollywood movies.# if I watch then I go back to 20 century&#39;s movie&#39;s which is really entertaining.Old is gold ..

K K shanaz shimul apu r video deke ashso??
Emily Blunt after watching this movie she went back being an alcoholic..

Bollywood takes ideas from Hollywood and turn it into garbage..

I personally did not like this Indian version they twisted it a lot man  , no doubt the original was a treat to watch!

One for sorrow two for joy Three for a girl four for a boy Five for silver six for gold Seven for a secret which’s never gonna be told The girl on the train!

I am reading this book of Paula Hawkins right now!!

The book is more awesome ️

I successfully wasted 2 hours of my life watching this movie...To anyone who hasn&#39;t seen it yet, let it remain that way plz, just watch the Emily blunt one instead

Cringe.
guys this is the crap copy of the original one for Emmly Blunt. same name of the film check it out

it&#39;s amazing movie I have watched this movie

Who else is only here for Avinash Tiwary ? 

Good movie...but parineeti needs to take a crash course tutorial on how to apply her eyeliner 

Watch the original hollywood movie from 2016 bedore watching this trash and you wont be dissapointed.

I was watching the trailer but sorry  Bollywood , you just can&#39;t beat EMILY BLUNT. Her performance was Outstanding.

First Bollywood was copying stories from Hollywood now even the names....word to word......

Where is Vatsal Seth?? I am here just for him but I can&#39;t see where he is

I feel so bad for Parineeti.... she&#39;s so talented.....she has done a wonderful job in this movie️️️..... Although, the movie was below average..Why isn&#39;t she getting good movies...she was so good in hasse toh phasse, ishqzaaade, meri pyaari bindu, dawaat e-ishq....... she&#39;s so hardworking..yet soft spoken ...Agar ab Parineeti Chopra, randeep hooda, konkona sen sharma jaise actors ko appreciation nahi milega to....ye log to ab industry hi chod denge....Guys, please just support Parineeti ️! she&#39;s soo talented...I really feel bad for her....

One simple question WHY??? We already have same movie and name &quot;The Girl on the Train (2016)&quot; starring amazing performance of Emily Blunt... What&#39;s new in it?

I haven&#39;t seen either of the movies yet, but I recently read the book. Based on the trailers, this one looks like a much better adaptation. It takes place in the right city. This actress felt much more like Rachel from the book than Emily Blunt does. I might actually give it a watch!

Lauda... Pura copy paste of Hollywood.

They just f*cked the entire movie in trailer...i wanted to watch the original one...but...

Paula Hawkins choked on air after watching this

I don&#39;t know why people are praising her, but her acting is horrible

God! I regret watching this trailer.I’ve read the book and my imagination was far far better than this shitty movie.

What a waste of time..

Remake movie

Question for those who have seen it. Which is better?Hindi version of Emily blunt movie or  chopra version ?

Damm acting ️️️️
The main movie&#39;s idea is taken from the American version The Girl on the Train

....um. Can people not come up with New anymore?

Noice puri movie hi dhap li... Good
One word &quot;incredible&quot;

Parineeti is looking so cute, ironically to become Rachel of the book..

Emily blunt did such an amazing job and parineeti in her character seems very dull. She doesn’t have that alcoholic wreck vibe. I mean like parineeti but not in this role. Same with Aditi.

Baaaaaddd acting!!!!
Damn movie ️
At IMDB there&#39;re many BAD PAID REVIEWS , I don&#39;t Know Why, Maybe Parineeti has many enemies that want to Break her.PARI We are with you, Don&#39;t Worry.

<a href="">1:35</a> me during my exam.&quot;I have to remember what I studied last night&quot;
but why. we literally have a stellar movie of this already. why.

Ganta memory.

Nothing near to what the original is. Literally a rip-off version of such a good film. Some of those dialogues were pure cringe lol

Just one question. You remake a Hollywood movie. Why not make the movie in India? We will watch the original instead. Why should we fucking  see this in hindi

Bollywood sees the original movie. Looks at their check list. 1. Story has scope for including sex scenes (even if doesn&#39;t, no worries. We will make it anyway)2. Illicit relationship in the movie3. Does it talk about actual problems of common man in India (should be no)4. Possible to shoot in Europe/USAll check. Chalo shuru karte hei remake.

Nice

How&#39;s this movieComment and tell

Bollywood is charba wood. Copying the movies from all around the world

Bloody hell. Hindi remake of the same old movie. What a waste of time snd money.

Wow Netflix must be pretty desperate to be ripping off other actual movies lol

This is a good movie 

Only if the cast was different and better, this would have been the greatest movie of our cinema

What made me laugh the most was- parineeti runs away from police n Roaming freely in London n going to crime  scene  but the police can’t catch her wow.. then the ending twist is so so bad- typical Bollywood type unrealistic twist—-  You guys have defamed they London police to great extent

The story don’t need a Hindi remake. The plot line is not at all suitable for Indian society settings... You find it hard to relate to.. maybe the few rich class wud relate but not majority of IndiansThis even though they cut many parts from the original so as to make it look Indian but still it is very weird story

I puke 
Me: &quot;Mom can we have The Girl On The Train?&quot;Mom: &quot;no, we have The Girl On The Train at home.&quot;

Why do you steal someone movie story

Parineeti have good acting skills Still Don&#39;t know why people hate her I just go mad on her smile

Parineeti is a superb actress

I just love parineeti in this movie

Watched the movie today and it was a great watch…Climax was unexpected..Parineeti is top notch 

tomorrow is exam lastnight watching trailer 

Literally <a href="">2:49</a> minutes in and already hating it.The book plus Emily Blunt&#39;s version is the perfect combo.

This movie is great, can be on your &quot;watching&quot; list ...

I like it️️️
Ok. Main question. From which Hollywood movie is this correct from?

Don&#39;t know abt others but I personally really love this movie.. Don&#39;t know why people hated her acting. she did a great job. If you think becoz of the remake then it&#39;s ur prospective. From my side this movie deserves a Heart ️️

If you happen to see the Girl on the train movie, you will be in shock after watching the trailer. By chance you read the novel, damn sure you will puke on the trailer. 

Waste of time

Indian Bollywood are an great copy cat of american Hollywood. Even dialogues are same, screen, theme each &amp; everything is copied. Including titleShame on Indian Bollywood.  you people even don&#39;t have your own content

It&#39;s doesn&#39;t reach at Emily bluNt.

Copycat of Hollywood blockbuster “ the girl on the train “There’s nothing original in Indian industry be it movies, music, rice or packet food or songs &amp; dramas 

Now copying Hollywood movie ,,, “ the girl on the train “Even name isn’t change 

Omg this movie shoot in uk 🇬🇧

THEY STOLE THIS!!

The movie was awsome with so many different twist and turns. I couldn&#39;t have guess the ending. It was great 

<b>How to watch movies on netflix</b>
ajeeb. Phle posters copy krty thy ab Puri movies copy krty hn bollywood wale. Ise achaa tha koi aur storyline lar latay. Zarori hai hollywood ko copy krna. And Emily was the best. No one can match her level

You lost me when I saw her ears peeking out of the turban. Shitty costumes!!

Nahi sudhroge....karo copy
at the end the police girl and shekar was the killer..thanks me latter

Low quality acting by Prineeta.  Watch original movie of Emily Blunt.

They think peoples outside Bollywood are know nothing about Hollywood

Bollywood may her kuch raat ko he q hota hy

Copy of Hollywood movie The girl on the train 2016

The book is trash, the Hollywood adaption worked well because of the acting. This version though goes straight to the trash

It&#39;s a remake mvee

I don&#39;t know what they want to show us....  Its disgusting.. I never expect with netflix and pariniti... They all made a stupid story don&#39;t know why..   Shame on you guys Netflix Pariniti and The Director and all who work in this stupid story.. Its so Shameful to you... You insulting our national people. You insulting indian people.. Shame to you all.. Jai hind

I am watching 2 time it,s time to thrill🇵🇰damn
Nyc cheap shekhar 
Eyy this is remaked in english movie

bitch you better get better director , the movie is so compacted and  a lot of un matched  scenes

Did any one watch this ? Is the story same as the English film ? Pls reveal the suspence if you did.

To remake a film is one thing and to name it the same is just beyond me. Just shame. Come on India, you have to stop doing this.

Great acting by Pareeniti

This movie is full copy Hollywood Emily blunt the girl on the train 2016

Disgusting...flop movie

It’s parineetis favorite book That’s why she worked on it

This book is also realeased in hindi

I have seen the English movie &quot;Girl on the Train, very good movie&quot;, I think the movie is inspired by that film.

is this based on a book?

Kriti kulhari is the mystery villen , 

Original copy of Hollywood movie girl on the train international cheaters

SUNDAY !

Same of the story of &quot;the girl on the train 2016&quot;

It can not bhi as thrilling as the novel..go and read the novel The Girl on the train by Paula Hawkins.

I just love this kind of movies

I got heart attack in my kidney watching this. The acting of Parineeti is pathetic. You gotta watch it to believe it. Dont have words to express, how shitty is this movie.

Saw the movie, it was actually good.Would recommend it

I&#39;d suggest reading the book first! There&#39;s so much detail and suspense in there. I even can&#39;t forget the line... &quot;One for sorrow, two for joy, three for a girl . . . Three for a girl. I’m stuck on three, I just can’t get any further...&quot; Hawkins&#39; has very impressive writing skills! Then you can watch Emily Blunt&#39;s movie next. I&#39;m gonna watch this one too to critic, to see what this remake got hehe.  But I personally think Emily&#39;s act can&#39;t outshine this one.

LOL ! its remake.

I like thrill..

Another copy 

I read the book but have not wacth the English version or the Indian.  Which one should I watch 1st?

isn&#39;t there a hollywood movie with the same name? a movie from 2016

great storyline! must watch!!!!

Just watch the original

Bycott

I read the book it was amazing and the plot twist !!!!

Copy cats

Parineeti awesome performance...it has suspense loved it

Bollywood experimenting perhaps south movie effect

I couldn&#39;t take my eyes from the scenes  the twist is marvelous I loved this movie 

I think Netflix has fired the person who used to give hearts to our comments

Something looking like Hollywood..Hope not to be the same.

I watched the Bollywood version of it.

Wow.. full copy of English movie the girl on the train ..

This movie look like ROHIT SHYTEE&#39;s SUNDAY movie

Guess what. They messed it up.

Emily blunt

whattay stupid movie..

Not interested in this real version is quite more cinematic 

Meanwhile Mira Kapooor Be (Mira Rajput - Shahid's Wife) - Aapko Koi Aur Naam Nahi Mila..
isn&#39;t is a stolen idea from Emily Blunt&#39;s movie?

Every time copy paste 
Main hoon Mere Kapoor aur yeh hai Hollywood ki kahani...it is better than the original which has been shown in Hindi dub...a remake indeed!!!
Garbage!

waste of a budget

bad movie sorry
Bad bad bad very clumsy then the original one

Copy paste
This is a copy.. I have seen this movie.. a long time ago.. I don't remember the name.
Pathetic remake

Move realized date
best one

Will suggest watching Emily Blunt&#39;s original &quot;The Girl On The Train&quot; twice instead of watching this. Thank me later.

Tired of watching copy and paste Indian movies...now in Netflix too wow aren&#39;t you guys are tired or embarrassed of coping Hollywood movies....

Over acting

wow it is an amazing trailer, good clip and it is an HD trailer, I like this video and I want to watch the full video also

Zabardast bakwas acting

Who is the doctor for Anemia?
Awesome 

bakwas

Awesome Movie

Curiosity
There are Hindi words in Scotland Yard lol
I prefer the drama Hollywood version not the dancing Bollywood virgin

Emily blunt version was amazing.why to bother for a second silly version. A big NO

The story is good but didn&#39;t like how they told the story. The 1st half was a mess.

The ‘ one day I am gonna kill u’ dialogue is example of bad acting

I see the movie such a amazing movie

Here after saina&#39;s trailer....
I love NETFLIX 
Fu78uuty
Ry8

Copy Cats!

The same movie with Emily Blunt was already perfect. Why even bother to make something like this? Nobody can ever make a better movie or series. Just never. And btw, i see indian people all around, but its obviously not even in india. And almost no white people in there, thats so unrealistic, this makes it even worse. If it was made somewhere in india, that wozld be another story. But its not there. Its somewhere in the uk or us. Its like making a movie with only white people who live in india!

Corona happened to me after watching this movie
Who is this Parineeti?
Brother, put Indian police in US also for them.
I think Bollywood doesn&#39;t have their own story,  always copying and trying to remake Hollywood movies shame on you

So they changed the storyline from being an alcoholic and having memory loss to having amnesia from a brain injury in a car accident ..

It should be “ Yaad nahi ! “

Just finished watching this movie and LOVED it!

Hope I had negative ratings also.

Now this movie will also be called mother's whore.
This is.. Netflix version of Bhagam Bhag..

i&#39;m currently reading the book and it&#39;s great!!!

<a href="">0:32</a>This is my story, this is my story, and there is a murder investigation going on here.
Urduwood
What a stupid movie?
One of Paris&#39;s best performances till date the best actress I&#39;ve seen in a very long time I&#39;m in love with her cant believe I didn&#39;t like her 

Why èverytime the Police officer finds the person she wanna meet...Did she put any GPS tracker in all those characters

One of the top shitty movies I have ever seen in my life...... better to watch some cartoons than this moviemost amazing thing that walter always keeps his house door open and aslo his windows PC is always logged in 

I just got shocked by the name of the film and the actress of the film on the poster side by side actually it is a novel and it&#39;s actual film version is made in Hollywood and it was a master piece.....ok now it&#39;s a remake by Netflix India by bollywood artists....hope this one also to be good one.

I am Mira Kapoor, this is my story and a suspense movie is going on here.
Such a cliched trailer.. damn.. I have to remember to comment 

Thrilling 
Dekhi hui hai.... Angrezi me....!  Bollywood is losing out on plots.

The Girl on the Train | official trailer #1 (2016) Emily Blunt

Bakwas

They ruined the book by making this so called original film.

Great film!!! Loved itt

Copy of Hollywood movie :)

Jibijibigreenwichforest kannegannegamemoryloss
Are you serious??

Title make me think that this movie is might relate to &#39;Train to busan&#39; what a worst title they choose. Matlab kuch bhi, aur ye pareeniti ka kyu career bachane me lage ho, overrated actress hi hai ye to

The background BGM is again Copied. Are you Bollywood have annessia too or what? Kabir Singh BGM Copied. Look from <a href="">1:22</a>

Aasa he hai movie...not so impressive..isse zada achi badla movie thi.
Police vali ki itni ghatiya acting or look h

The story is okay, but acting was so bad.

The English version is far better and actually storyline is little different I feel at least from the trailer I can say

Review on the Chanel Film ab! is online 

This is me, I am from Bollywood and I have become a pet by copy paste
I think parineeti is hottest in Bollywood well above Katrina and Elli Avram. I am a big fan of her.

Again a bollywood movie which is copied from Hollywood!

This is the best Movie i have ever seen! A movie with full of Twists and Great songs. Praneeti has played very well as an character.Dont watch this without taking an popcorn . If you dont watch this then you&quot;l surely regret.

Not interest web series

I loveeeeeed the movie. Watched it 2 days ago. LOVE LOVE LOVE

For God&#39;s sake Bollywood. So whats next, Girl with the dragon tattoo??

A word of Advice to all characters in the Movie and the Director....Go and find a real job and  get out of the Movie Business. You all SUCK.

Again the same movie with the same story. If ppl didn’t understand the English Version of the movie. Watch the Hindi version and understand the story with a butter popcorn and a coke 

I think Netflix should select better stories to call it as their original. One of the stupidest suspense thriller movie I have seen of late.

vidhya Balan would have been perfect for this character.

I rather watch Mickey Mouse Cartoon... rather than watching this dumb movie.

Cheap rip-off version, cheaply directed! Most things would never happen in London.

Fantastic screenplay

Shitty makeup!! One hour into the movie and there comes a very intense close up scene where parineeti is sharing her thoughts in an AA group meet. Her forehead injury is very clearly seen and the wound looks like a chewing gum with fungus on her face. So damn funny I couldn&#39;t stop laughing when she was actually crying.

rip off , or a remake  of 2016 movie

I have a question. Went on google and I typed this movie title and it says that Jacqueline Fernandes is in the movie but I don&#39;t see it. I did watch this movie. So I don&#39;t know

It&#39;s a remake? a movie like that was released in 2016.

Worse film ever seen pathetic performances

I have seen this

The officer kaur is the murderer 

Copy

there goes 2hrs of my time I&#39;ll never gonna get back....Kristen Stewart has more facial expression than all of the cast in this movie combined.

I love parineeti&#39;s voice very much
Probably one of the worst movies I have seen in recent years. And the acting is so bad that it&#39;s funny.Parineeti is beyond bad..obviously she cannot do emotional roles..she should stick with the romantic nonsense.  And the other girl Aditi..looks great..but that&#39;s it. The movie is a colossal waste of time. Nothing like the Emily Blunt original.

Watching this movie its like torture ...whats the point of adapting the same story like of hollywood i mean everyone has seen it its like u know already wats gna happen next dum movie

Didnt like it at all..... far from the Hollywood

This s like the original American movie . Why did they use the same name ???

Copy cat Bollywood and Bollywood name also took from Hollywood

Read the book some months ago so in the end they will come to know that murder was done by her own husband

I want dark web series in hindi
Parineeti is extremely talented actress️. Best in business. She is my crush forever. Love this girl

nah.
Don&#39;t bother watching absolutely rubbish film and acting is terrible. Nowhere nears as good as the Hollywood adaption or best selling book.

This was the worst movie I have ever seen

Nauseated

Started watching the movie, as soon as I saw the frigging singing and dancing I stopped it, can&#39;t stand bollywood movies, they are the worst

osumm treaser from printi Chopra on the siris

it's a useless movie
Copy copy copy

This is remake of Hollywood movie .........But good they have to show Bollywood in Hollywood nice.........

Copied 
A wonderful film! Just finished watching!! Best 1 hour of my life!!! Just watch it once!!️I am a fan now!️️️️️️Wonderful plot...and full of Suspense!️️
Unnecessary expense by Netflix.Waste of money

Frankly, this is a complete waste of time.

I have watched the original version of the movie, it&#39;s an utter waste of time.

Huge fan of the original movie with Emily Blunt and i also loved the book. This however, was utter garbage. They butchered the story with stupidly rearranging the storyline, bad acting, bad changes to the story and a bad choice of actress. She played the part like a gangster rather than an emotionally depressed lost woman, whom you are supposed to feel sympathy for, like the character is supposed to be. It was simply terrible!

I loved more the other version sorry

Don&#39;t miss the damn climax

Successfully wasted 2 hrs of my Life (: Sad direction.... Acting level toh bhai pucho mat .... Zzzzz

Copy copy copyNot even close to Emily Blunt

Do not watch ...u will cringe watching parineeti Chopra overacting

Parineeti Chopra is acting good in this film but not in saina

<a href="">00:31</a> to <a href="">00:35</a> &#39;I am Mira Kapoor and this is my story&#39;
Best movie yaar
I love how eveyone in London is Indian

Looks like Mystery, Conspiracy &amp; Action Movie..With Hollywood tone

Stupid movie ever.. showing in london but not following the rules of the country.  Uk police don&#39;t slap and you can&#39;t park the car anywhere you like

Isse achhi to Original movie  hain...

Agin copy from hollywood same story la fille du train 
Copy cats 
Her monologue is so flat.... No expression or feeling in it.Emily although is very skinny but still lost weight for the role to show alcoholic at the brink of breakdown but no physical changes in Parineeti.It&#39;s like copying a class topper&#39;s work but still ending up mediocre.

A copy movie. Wow

She boards a train, meets her friends and no one asks about her abnormally large wound on her head ‍️ like no one... really?

Unexpected ...really love the flim...n parineetis acting was amazing. loved her so much in this flim...

Copy of an American movie!

What kind of heroine will Parineeta Chopra do?
I rad this book

I can feel Parineeti&#39;s &quot;I have to remember &quot; at <a href="">1:55</a>.... That&#39;s me at every fricking examination.

Seriously you have come to understand and say this that Bollywood now has nothing else up their sleeves that now they can only make Indian versions of Hollywood movies literally??? you cannot compare this to the Hollywood version of The Girl on the train I mean come on for God sake what do you think the audience is? donkeys? predictable and typical Bollywood movie with no original story of themselves and just translating a well-known movie from Hollywood.

Parineeti chopra doesn&#39;t know acting, only overacting

Piece of bullshit !!!

Ekdum brkar film hai na dekna
Come on I can see that the actors involved are doing a decent job in this series.... It maybe a copy but if it is carried out well then whts the problem. Wht is this attitude- &quot;I can&#39;t see anyone else but Emily Blunt play this role&quot;. Acha chutiyaap h!

Third class acting  kuch outsiders bhi h jinko koi acting vecting nhi aati hai so don&#39;t blame on other talented star kids like Alia Rk Hrithik Roshan Kareena Kapoor so, it&#39;s all depend on the actor how to act not on insiders outsiders

1. Bollywood makesworst movies .2. 9 out of 10 Bollywood movies are         remakes.3. Bollywood makes worst remakes .4. 5 out of 100 people watch bollywood scrap.5. After watching reviews I instead watched the orignal movie rather then watching this so called ntfx orignal.

It’s a complete waste of time... parineeti an all others maybe acted their worst.

Omg thsi is best best best film of 2021 i guess ️️

I think isse bhi zyada acchi movies ki hai parineeti ne Her acting was amazing  but trailer thik thik hai

After watching Saina Teaser 

Just completed watching this amazing movie..it&#39;s a must watch...loved it

Nice parineeti chopra

complete waste of time dont waste time in this movie.  LEAVES NO MESSAGE

Couldn’t tolerate the movie. Watched for only 10 min 

I saw dis yesterday... I jst loved parineeti&#39;s acting

I juss disliked juss because this is again an another remake. Am sick!

Thank god we got OTT platform in india, otherwise we had no option but to watch these dumb Bollywood

One of brst Bakwas movie

Her eyeliner is annoying me so much.

Reminded me to watch the original one again...

the book is more thrilling tbh

This movie is pretending to be supposed thriller....just like parineeti pretended to celebrate its success .....I wonder they took copy rights for this movie‍️

Anukokunda oka roju telugu movie story line 
Parineeti could have done better...good movie...could have been made better

They never give credits where its due. This movie is based on Paula Hawkins novel and the book has already been adapted into a movie in Hollywood by the same name. Now comes Bollywood, it mutilated the story to its convenience and created this demi version. Why Bollywood Why?‍️

A copied movie with talentless acting by Parineeti Chopra just like her talentless, drama queen, self absorbed cousin Priyanka Chopra Netflix original ( what a shame on a copied movie)... Netflix should be banned in India flooding the entertainment with their garbage!!!!

Because i have watched the original version and also read the book.I am highly disappointed watching this trailer.

I loved the movie parineethi Chopra did a fantastic job

I saw this movie on Netflix....more than the movie, I was so disappointed with the pathetic acting by Parineeti Chopra and also Avinash Tiwary. Parineeti Chopra used to be the rising star with so much potential but after watching the movie, I think she should just quit. Everything was so amateurish. You are copying from an already made Hollywood movie, then you have an actual book and after all that you make such a bad movie, bad setting and bad acting...how is this possible!!....It&#39;s like you are given all the questions and answers from the previous exams, you have been told what is going to come in the exam and you still fail miserably...kudos!!

I love the movie

Anyone says anything

I want to know what eyeliner brand she used that was able to stay on many couple nights of drinking and on and off sleeping

It was worse than a Dhinchak Pooja song

Mood off... Sab remake hi krenge bollywood wale .. dum to h n khud ka new krne ka

I just discovered that it is a remake of a English movie...Still its a great movie! good job parineeti and others!

I was thinking this was a sequel to &quot;The girl in the spider&#39;s web&quot; <b>facepalm</b>

PATHETIC ACTING BY PARI NITI CHOPRA INFACT NO ACTING AT ALL...ABSOLUTELY PATHETIC AND BLAND ...NO ONE HAS PUT IN ANY EFFORT AT ALL TO PREFORM....FLOP!!!

&#39;A Netflix Original Film&#39; 

It was actually a good movie and i loved how everything was folding one by one and i couldn&#39;t predict the ending 

What&#39;s the point of making a hindi remake when the film setting isn&#39;t in India. Unimpressive...

If you are alcoholic then you must have smudged kajal on eyes... huh what a logic!!!!!!! Kattehi ghatia film hain

Best movie of parineeti chopra  ️️
Waga waow waow ki theme sunai derahi thi bech bech me ki mera vehem tha?

Never meet the Hollywood////

I get that it&#39;s an Indian movie, I just don&#39;t get why it is in London while everyone, even the police is Indian. So why not film it in India?

They even copied the title! Enough said!

Lmao the og one with Emily was hella good. And this surprisingly have similar cinematography to the trailer of the og one. I hate to compare but u cant help specially if the one is good. This is just like a rip off sorry. Indian actors and actresses but in uk lmao ok. I need to rewatch the first for cleansing.

Kuch yaad nahi.Yadd krna.hogaa..घूफ़ during examm...
Story looks interesting, but acting is of just Netflix level. Only thing left is execution of story

The movie could have been better if it was in an all Indian setting. There have been thrillers like Andhadhund, Kahani which completely embraced to the Indian background. The direction could have been a lot better. Aditi rao Hydari and Kirti Kulhari are just wasted. Even Parineeti&#39;s acting could have been better if not forced to act like a drunkard.Parineeti has so much of potential but all is wasted due to her poor choice of scripts/movies. The last movie I liked of her was &quot;Hasee toh phasee&quot;. I so much want to see her succeed and wish it happens.

Waiting 
I am watching the newspaper and watching this trailer. a dumb fuck
Was it really necessary? Dubbing the original one in Hindi wasn&#39;t enough?

It would be more nice if no musical scene.. brilliant script but musical scene is soooo annoying.

Have some shame bollywood. Where is your creativity?

Superb acting and picture too..parineeti is looking gorgeous in the picture

Not a single movie after Ishaqzade, that Parineeti has given any tolerable performance she is a pathetic actor, I fail to understand how she keeps getting projects.... ganjedi gang connection huh ?

another remake. Cause bollywood has lost creativity.

Watched the movie: Poor Acting.

Thanks YouTube for saving my time by watching a bad remake of a bad movie.

Not everybody needed to be IndianAreh bhai, setting toh London hai lekin characters toh sareh ke sareh Indians. Apart from that, it&#39;s a decent movie.

Guys, what is the name of the singer in this Indian film, I would like to know, I loved the songs?
just watched the English version of it.. but looking at this trailer, No way.

Littttt
Parineeti&#39;s acting was good.. But director can&#39;t keep a suspense that audience want to see.. After seeing the police lady with pagri, I knew that she is murderer.

So, a copy of the one movie that already exist. Groundbreaking. You&#39;ll never beat Emily Blunt!

This is an American movie the same everything

It looked like badla movie

Just watched this on Netflix.I felt Parineeti Chopra really have done good job.Hope she continue to choose better script after this.

Stupidest movie ever

Never seen such a disgusting shitty movie like this  pareneeti such a crap.. simply bullshit

Gosh !! Wasted my time watching this !!!!!! Total put down !

The entire movie has been copied 
to be honest after watching full movie I am damn impressed its parineti&#39;s best performance ever

For whoever is making these trailers.. Here&#39;s a tip - keep Parineeti&#39;s acting bits to a minimum so someone may just about watch this bullshit movie by mistake. Good luck.

Movie was pathetic Dont waste your time.. height of overacting. Lol.

Awful movie i don’t understand why this is on Netflix, we want moreeee Turkish series and films

Not so great movie...1st half an hour to kuch samajmehi nahi ata ki story kya hai. Parineetipe bahot focus kiya hai na ki story pe. Grip nahi pakadti film end tak. Ise se aur better ho sakati this. Natural nahi lagati film.All are good actors.but direction...

yet another copy from a Hollywood movie ! Why ????

Go Parineeti and learn acting lesson from Emily Blunt....Worst Direction, Worst Screenplay, Worst Actors, Worst Make Up Artist and etc etc.....songs doesn&#39;t make your bullshit movie hit......I will rate this movie DISASTER.....

So irritating
What a load of crap. The scene when she was running to get home. She has two shopping bags. But the time she reaches home she has handbag no shopping bags. He whole acting from all the cast, it was painful to watch. EMBARRASSING BULLYWOOD. I stopped watching it. I will watch the original. Which was made by UK and USA few years ago

Super tourcher movie trailer

From the makers of movie “Sunday” 

Ye movie me to suspense hi thriller h

go to hell this movie ..

Super Movie
The problem here is that the Hollywood adaptation had Emily Blunt and she is an amazing actress. Even that movie had mixed reviews but the comparison would be inevitable. And who stands a chance being compared to an actual acting legend?

Wowowow
Bhut hi faltu story lga ...

I wanted to watch this but I don&#39;t have Netflix :(

It&#39;s one of the most pathetic remakes don&#39;t waste your time watching this

Utter non sense movie.Parineeti can emote then why force acting out of her?

Seriously who wrote this movie? The amount of plot holes and pure stupidity is ridiculous.

Seriously who wrote this movie? The amount of plot holes and pure stupidity is ridiculous.

c0piEdjust like DIL BECHARA

Just wasted two hours on this.  Started well, byt within 30 minutes or so it became typical Bollywood with mutiple illogical twists to confuse the audience in the name of suspense.  No wonder ImdB gave it 3 or 3.5. Crap.

Copy of the girl on the train 2016 hollywood

stole
Copy then horrible paste.

Acting parameter of bollywood  new comers:Aankh faad lo Daant daba lo Or chillao Hogyi intense acting

Fabulous movie

Pathetic bollywood with same old sub-par acting, copied scenes, situations and plot-lines set in foreign locations far from nativity of the targeted audience. How faker can you get bollywood? This is your race to the bottom. Look at the protagonist.. same expression in every film.

Y not watch the original movie with the same title name by Emily Blunt,   instead of this? This movie is frame to from coped

Scene by scene copied. Do something original.

Parineeti Chopra completely lacked the subtleness of the character. With all Indian characters it would have been great if the movie was shot in India .

so it is Emily Blunt’s movie... but indian version?

This literally The girl on Train from 2016 but probably with the same old stale Bollywood drama bullshit. Disappointed with this one.

super flop
Actual representation of myself at the exam hall -- <a href="">1:55</a> 

College interns have done a great job at making this disaster. I dont think  any of you read the book or saw original movie. The constant need to narrate every scene makes me puke. I guess you people think audience is really stupid. You people shot this movie instead of doing what? Acting ( if you can use the word) is garbage.

I LOVE NETFLIX BUT I WILL DEFINITELY IGNORE THIS MOVIE BCOS OF PRIYANKA CHOPRA&#39;S SISTER PAREENITY CHOPRA...

Brother, that's a boring picture, only seen from my wife's face.
WHY? u could have released original with Hindi dubbed audio.

Potty movie. Isshhhh seriously how come they agreed to completely change the end. Ghatiya movie. I just thought to watch via forwarding button. End dekha tou laga itna bewakoof director bhi hai bollywood mein. 

Parineeti Chopra&#39;s character is like my exam days (I have to remember ) 

I haven&#39;t watched the movie yet. But I think victim&#39;s husband is the murderer. Am I right?If I am not then shhhhhh. I don&#39;t want spoiler

Bakwaas. The English version is FAAAAAAAR better than this. Watched the first one in 2016 itself. 

Very bad trailer and movie. Tweaked the ending and how badly!

i donno where to give the review so i came back here just to tell say it was a rubbish movie after watching the trailer i expected something else but it was just a waste

I&#39;m here for my ️
She Ghajini
Worst cast choice ever  expected far better than this. Disappointed 

Worst cast choice ever  expected far better than this. Disappointed 

Female kabir Singh 

Girl: I am so sad.  I am so disturbed.Also Girl: Let me put on the eye liner first.

Are this such a stupid movie, watching it will waste your time, I am not even a little like this.
 crying and asking what the hell is that

Which one best Hollywood or Bollywood???...anyone tell me plz

maybe try to not steal the title of a previous movie. be original if you want to get credit

IDK abt other&#39;s view but it gave me similar vibe of movie Judgemental Hay Kya.

remade

Why can&#39;t we have original plots/content for once? Why is it always remakes of this and remakes of that? Bollywood is losing it&#39;s shine.....

one of those films in which the trailer says it all! ;)

The name of the Hindi remake should be change the girl on the train diarrhea version

Bollywood all movie gonna flop

Its a hollywood copy ,

Copycat

Copy cat ...of Hollywood  ...movie..da girl on da train...jezzz can Bollywood  come up with..something  else..rather  dan copycatting...Hollywood

Just seen on Netflix..  .. just found mistake in editing .. on the <a href="">35:36</a> min scene when parineeti got off train and walking .. in her behind the lady who&#39;s on the pink jacket with green stuff .. is appearing again on 77:10 min scene  holding her pink jacket  ..  if i m wrong .. correct me ..Netflix india

I read this story in book

Parineeti added another pathetic acting in her list

What&#39;s wrong with Parineetia eyes in entire movie .. instead of living the character she looks like zoombie

First of all the ending is pathetic ... And the self explaination of the characters looks like after thought as if audience won&#39;t understand what&#39;s happening..the original GOTT ROCKS ANYTIME

Bollywood people have lost all sense of the world without the story of this amazing movie.
This trailer destroy Emily Blunt movie the girl on train(2016) far better then this 

Very bad acting by parineeti .. super flop

FLOP!!!!

My brain after every drink I take.
Pathetic cheap rip off of a Hollywood masterpiece! And why why why Parineeti Chopra isn’t this remake Enough of a horror !

I watched this movie its so confusing and fun

Bollywood is running/funding the place of terrorists in India.. is Ambani still a threat in Mumbai?
indian english wkwkwkwkwk
Ghatiya acting, Ghatiya copy, third class Bollywood concept of copycat. Lazy Bollywood.
Brother, has anyone seen it, can you tell me what kind of rating it is? I mean, please explain the rating type by giving it the color which is useless, if you waste your data then you will live.
God haven’t watched a Bollywood movie in ages...and still not gonna bother

Indha aditi ah epo paaru yaravathu kutitu poi kolaa try pandranga(physco movie ) ilina kolaa panidranga  paavan antha pulaaa  (this flim) anyway she is like damn adorable .
Kisko kisko iss film ka song pasand aya like karo
A night she can&#39;t forget, A crime she cant remember... and the movie everyone dreads.To be honest, Emily Blunt starring in the original was sufficient. Hindi remakes are the worst. The question we should be asking is why are stuck with remakes?

Remake of english movie.. fav one️

freaking bollywood continues to show how lame they are lol.... id rather watch south movies

horrible

Seems like Parineeta has  forgotten how to act with nothing to do but post pics on Instagram just like Sonakshi Sinha 

Sorry this version doesn’t come close to Emily Blunts performance for this movie. Should’ve just left the original movie as is. 

It’s not a good movie.. and anyways who needs a remake 4 years after the original movie ?

I have never seen a worse movie before. You can watch better acting on pornhub.

Background score by kabir singh?? 

Bollywood in the UK ????

The train acted great

<a href="">2:27</a> Thank me later
Pathetic actress

Um lixo

The film is based on the book with the same name, did the writers of this movie even read the god damned book in the first place, because you got pretty much everything wrong. This was bad, very bad.

Came here after watching trailer of starring Emily Blunt

 (2016) this seems DULL

Copy but write in your own words has been raped here 

Nice movie !! Recommended . You just need to skip songs as it ruin the flow of movie !!

Book is  much better

Who many students are Viewing 
In India nobody wants to see remake,we want new creative ideas.We know they can make better movie,but just for profit makers don&#39;t do.

This is a remake of a Hollywood movie. You people cannot make movies on creative ideas. Think a little and implement them.
anukokunda oka roju story
Issey aacha hum original movie kyu na dekhe ...

Bollywood Chaapa Factory And Netflix Original , Are u guys high, 

The city is toh three h
To much overacting and lot of Indian touch! That creates this remake!

Ive already read the book

You will find a treasure trove of overacting.
Haha, movie is really crappe..have badly copied from Hollywood movie. Acting was so dumb and is nowhere close to the real Hollywood movie. Despite of this, movie still Trending no 1 in Netflix. Those who are liking this movie should watch the real one  before. One can real differentiate it.

Bgm of Kabir Singh

the english movie remade with the same title as well

It is clear from the trailer that it has been lifted from Hollywood. Bas remake karte raho
Kya pakwas hai

Parineeti Outstanding
Why are we not banning anti- nationals like Parineeti Chopra for opposing CAA and NRC???

What a remake  I totally hate the trailer 

i have read the novel and US version movie starred by Emily Blunt. Why don&#39;t Netflix just take original Indian movies such as 96 and Baahubali.

another scrapy bollywood movie

What aunty is this?
Overacting by Parineeti. Pathetic casting. Bad adaptation of a good book.

This is just amazing 

I’ve been trying to watch it since last 3 days . Every time I resume the movie I keep losing interest. This movie not captivating and in regards to Parineeti’s acting , I thought I was very plain ! Disappointed ️

Shitty movie
Though the story is good and it has been already done in english version and I feel parineeti can do much better then this because we have seen her acting before she is one hell of a good actor but this was lil bit too much or bit too less.

Made in America however not interested

actually, i don&#39;t know why you reproduce a movie was done before not from along time at all with every single point in it but with Indian stars not even in an Indian way!!!!i watched the American movie, why should i watch the Indian one, one copy is enough.

Book is best

Read the book that&#39;s more worth than watching this bullshit video

This is the perfect example how with the below average acting one can spoil such an amazing book. They completely make a mess out of it with poor screenplay.

I swear i never expected that at the ending  you need to watch. ,for a second i literally thought that netflix reavealed the whole story in the trailer

This is nowhere near the book all I can hear  in this movie is &quot;I have to remember&quot;. After reading the novel I hate this trailer much more. Dont watch the movie just read the book it is much more better

now Bollywood  copy full story of Hollywood movie Why Bollywood have no good content every time copycat

Ek or kachra Dustbin(Netflix India) me

she is like Martha in dark

Me in exam hall<a href="">1:55</a>

this movie is nothing but biggest Joke

LOVE YOU PARI....OUT STYANDING ACTING

One of the worst movie I have seen lately.

You had one job to copy the original and you still manage to eff it up

The only person whose acting was commendable is Aditi Rao. Pareeniti&#39;s acting was not at all convincing and felt forced. The police officer girl was also such a dull person. Please don&#39;t remake such great movies with weak characters and loose script

Copy of the English movie- the girl on the train

so bad movie
remake banana band karo

Only aditi is perfect in this film

Parineeti ...u know after watching Emily Blunt do the Superb act in the original one...I keep thinking ...do you ppl have any shame that you all keep doing remakes just for sake of money and Drugs...try as much as possible Hollywood is just not your cup of tea.. your last expression for &quot; I have to remember seemed more like I have to Go to Toilet....saala Toilet Bollywood Industry

Shittiest movie....no logic and Investigation was even poor than CID or Crime Patrol. so many things I felt was so stupid and illogical.

Remake hai ye Bollywood shame on you

Full trailer to watch now... What will you eat while watching the film...
Her acting ️️
Name is also copy, trailer is also copy, movie is also copy, base language is Hindi, we would like to see Hollywood dubbed.
Proficiency of the movie can distract and detach onlookers in just one go. Saga is worthwhile but Bollywood is prone to diminish superlative saga effervescently. I mean are you kidding us? Parineeti is rough-and-ready but Kirti and Aditi are just sucking up here. Bollywood can never mend its way as far as dearth of quality content is concerned.

This movie is nowhere close to the Hollywood version and original novel. The original novel is the best️. So don’t waste your time.

How can someone not compare this movie to the novel or Parineeti Chopra&#39;s acting to Emily Blunt&#39;s?

Actor In LAW full Comedy movie 
Are bollywood copy karna band karo 
I have read the book and must say they could have made this movie much much better..I could not find out what was more irritating about this movieFemale cops unnecessary turbanParineeti&#39;s bad acting and irritating expressionsAll similar looking similar bearded male casts..SONGS???  Why songs required in this script?? And the songs weren&#39;t even good..Something was very irritating about this movie.. 2/10 rating

Pathetic acting by parineeti chopra like she is having asthma. THE WORST..despite having wound and blood on her face its full of rosy makeup....avoid..

Bad movie... Parineeti chopra could not act

You can&#39;t be Emly blunt

bekaar movie
The summer months
Haha..this 3rd class actress wants to compare herself to Emily Blunt...should we complain about this bullshittt for copyright? Aak Thuuu.. bollywood garbageeee

Bukwas remake 

Stupid movie ever, in what universe is the man telling the woman that she is pregnant. Did he pee on the stick and tell her????? That was a matlab kuch bhi moment. Trying to be political correct let&#39;s bring in Africans, Indians, Asians and white Europeans and more

One of the worst movies I have ever seen. Total waste of time

Copy movie

Amazing movie️
This time India has not even copy the Film but also the Name

I just watched this movie yesterday not to lie I love it so much the acting everything was absolutely amazing n prefect I literally loved everything in this movie it was prefect a really good movie to watch

I was waiting for that movie. But totally waste of time. Buht burri movie h. Fazool tareenIts a copy of 2016 Movie.

Really!! How disappointing.

False Chopra
Can’t believe it was the police woman that killed Nusrat. All while Shekar was manipulating &amp; destroying the life of Mira

How weak someone can be?  So whattt he cheated ? Move on and stay strong life is tough we are not living in a unicorn and glittery world ....and this movie was absolutely a waste of time do not watch it

Caste of time (copy + waste = caste)

this is piece of crap it irritates me so fucking much that she wont cover up such a big bloody scar

There wasn’t any Anna, wasn’t any role of Scott. A very different and so Bollywood ending. Sorry but I hated how they twisted the novel and went ahead with the actual name of the book. Aditi Rao Hydari, Kirti Kulhari deserved so much better

Copycat

what a hopeless movie. this lead actress can&#39;t act , she is expressionless,  the story sucks, direction was bad, quick changes in story,  no continuity,  the make up felt like she had a pepperoni stuck on her head , the police officers were horrible. atleasr learn to say thank you and sorry to the foreign actors ..time to abandon all these kapoors, chopras and khans and look for real talents

no copy right apply on indians movie thaft form Hollywood ??????????

I really liked the movie and it was Parineeti&#39;s one of the best performances.. don&#39;t know why people have such negative reviews about it

Pariiii
Hollywood copy... 
Bhai story to acchi lekho aur dikhau 

God stop making remakes.. and what’s with the damn kajal...  the lady who acted like police.. probably should learn to act

That&#39;s as harmful as Covid 19.

bhakwass movie... ...not at all of Netflix standard
Paula Walking

One more Remix ???
Bakwas

️Already I saw this film in Hollywood  Anyway good try, All the best for Bollywood 
What a nonsense, you have spoiled your mind.
Parineeti stop!! 
Very good suspense thriller picture

I think its so bad movie

It was bullshit

What is this?...how much lame they could be?....they literally copied the movie The Girl On The Train 2016 starred by Emily Blunt . Do they have nothing but copying bunch of hollywood movies ..plus that wasn&#39;t just a hollywood movie , it was a famous thriller movie..it still is...i bet most of the people have watched it ( the actual one ) . This is disgusting. Bollywood is never ashamed of copying any movie . Even after literally copied the song Do you love me by Troyboy , they have learnt nothing after so many people trolling them for it.

Credits toh dena chahiye na artist ko

This was such a poor remake attempt! I was laughing  how bad it was, its definitely in books of &#39;how not to make a movie&#39; what a waste of money! They could have fed the poor instead of making such .

Why? I mean why? You Bullywood couldn’t have even picked a new name? Lmao

bollywood can you please stop making remake of Hollywood and South Indian movies. There&#39;s no originality left in bollywood they just want to make easy money by copying others work and borrowing everything without doing any work by themselves. Bollywood is now on very bed trends they started making remake of songs, movies and sequels of classic movies. Make movies that others want to remake instead of keep remaking others work.

A mysterious film,nothing understandable...don&#39;t waste time please

Emily  blunt  wins oscar for her performance  kise competition  de rhe ho dekho to bhai jara

One word.......Disappointed

It&#39;s actually a good parody.

10/10 movie. Such a huge plot twist. Amazing movie i recommend totally.

Super 27/2/2021
i love parineeti acting she improved a lot ......i don&#39;t know whether it is resemble to any  other movie or what ? but i want parineeti back ....i see a good hope in  her , she can do much more better .everyone please spread positivity to motivate them so that they can improve more

Parineeti chopra is Emily blunt

Ok so everybody knows that this film is being adapted from a Hollywood movie which was a box office hit by the same name starring Emily Blunt but Im surprised to see that even the trailer is a remake

I cannot believe they took such a classic novel (with an already existing masterpiece of a film) and turned into a complete disaster. They absolutely ruined the vibe of the movie by adding a cliché punjabi wedding song right at the start and the acting from then on just got worse and worse..they completely changed the central tone of mystery and suspense to a normal Bollywood masala drama! It was horrible to watch! And the fact that it’s not set in India (but the whole cast is indian!???)

What a movie i loved it

Emily blunt 
Bakwas movie of the year title winner

Parineeti ️
suggestion to Netflix : please do a research what  indian people want. Right now nobody likes bollywood. So use this moment and buy these shitty movies in dirt cheap price.

Real movie ka sirf trailer ish cut copy paste movie se better hai
Emily is looking for Parineeti location  Bollywood Bawaseer  Banana band karo

Come on guys I mean seriously

Nice

Guys actually this is a Hollywood movie there copied hahahahaa

I haven&#39;t seen any of these versions....but two things: The trailers cut for both versions are totally different. English version (Emily Blunt) was a damn good one...but Indian version is a very basic and average....well this says something about the makers, what they think of the audience&#39;s IQs.... 2nd: Is it only me who thinks &#39;Kabir Singh&#39; music is used here....why not trying anything new?

Such a pathetic remake ...Emily blunt was outstanding here parineeti c such a dull acting ..never engaged ..script is poorly written if it&#39;s a remake please remake it as it is ....you are ruining the original....Bollywood is going worse only remaking ...learn from South script writers how to write a script each script is different be it kgf,master ,krack ,mersal,DJ,bahubali,agent sai athreya,thippara meesam ,Kodi...if they can write why can&#39;t we...please grow Bollywood no respect is there here audience are bored of you guyz remaking .....south are touching heights 

Bollywood copies from West , Asia, South India and from itself ...the biggest conundrum is people still see Bolly Movies ....

Jst one question?How can dis be a Netflix original.

The horrid remake of a bad adaptation of a masterpiece book

Why Trailer is not so exciting of a thriller movie.?

Omg what a bullshit movie..  Don&#39;t waste ur time. PARINEETAS acting sucks, super Bakwaas. Na sir na pair..
Pari is superb heroin

Absolutely disaster

How to ruin a good book, ask Bollywood. The whole story was predictable, bad acting, why putting in songs in movies like this, ruined the movie even more. I.prefer the Hollywood version. If I read the comments below it looks like I watched the movie with different eyes.

Total Time waste Movie

What a waste of time ... Damn ... I had to watch original 2016 to detoxify me from this garbage...

Here again one more copy from hollywood

Not bad8/10

COPYCAY MOVIE FROM THE ORIGINAL ONE ,, And this one is much worse

In my attempt to become an Englishman, I forgot to be an Indian.
Bloody fucking movie

Movie was good. Everything&#39;s fine. But I thing I found very uncomfortable and disturbing . That is despite of having such a huge wound on her forehead she kept her hair open (falling on her wound), touching it constantly while talking.

Parineeti cant act

Js Films

when it release great movie

Total sh*thole. Not getting into the movie, you guys were shooting in a foreign country, atleast add a multiracial cast, you dumbos. Not worth even 5 mins of my life. Pathetic direction, pathetic acting and cast. Can&#39;t you loosers show some creativity  instead of copying other originals ? You guys could&#39;ve hired me instead, I would&#39;ve provided better script and plot.

I have seen the original movie!!!

I think the story is stolen from another hollywood film I watched 

i like this movie. good acting,  script, twist every things of this mv are ready good.

If you somehow survive the first half and the cringe acting then the second half is a little better and worth watching.

Brother, I have made it in India. Here the bass actors have changed, everything else is the same. ,
I recently watched this movie &amp; i don&#39;t have any doubt and will give 5star these movie is just lit..love to see Parineeti after so long at any movie and she played wow role..keep it up ! ️

Amazing trailer 
Everthing Made in India not abrodly.

Worth watching 

Sorry for the haters and all but I love the movie &lt;3 And I am searching the backtheme so...

The worst thing in this trailer is Parineeti&#39;s voice

Why would you invent new recipe when there is already one....?Bollywood wants to make money &amp; they want to play safe they know that people have liked this movie before so in india also this movie will be hit.It is simply making money out of others hard work with the guarantee of a hit and money.

So excited for this

A crimme was a story&#39; believe

I want that 40 minutes of my life back  

<a href="">1:26</a> music resembles same as kabir singh or arjun reddy

The performances feel weak.

The whole trailer, all I see is that burnt mark on her forehead.

The Girl on the Train&#39; (2016)

India mai hi banana tha na movie?

worse remake eversupper crape seriously

Disgrace...

It’s a copy of English film The girl on the train !! The moment I saw I was thinking they copy the story from there . So funny!! Can’t they make anything on their own? First , bang bang which is Tom cruise movie than war is mix of fast and furious and mission impossible some of the part  . Get a grip !! and make something unique from yourself.

Pari is a good actress she&#39;s not given opportunities she can do much better

Looking forward to avinash&#39;s wonderful performance

The way bollywood is coping the stories they are gonna pull back china in coping things.

Dear Bollywood, our country is the 7th biggest country with the longest railway system...! Stop ignoring India and Indian railways!

Even the police chief turned out to be the same person in America.
Itni Bakwas movie koi hosakti hai?I watched on netflix in 5 min. Third class acting. Is se acha suspence abbas mastan ki filmo ka hai. End me har koi villain hai. Sirf heroine hero hai

A bulshit movie!! Crime patrol is much better then this movie..!

Welcome for big flop.
KRITI KULHARI SUCKED AS THE POLICE honestly needed a strong performer like Tabu

Rather watch a sallu bhai movie, than this. Horrible

Crap!

Was very good film i like it sooo ahd the acter my fevart always paro

Another remake....Is Bollywood out of scripts .

Ghajini's wife 
Literally copied it A-Z; they could have atleast set it in India

Nope. I don&#39;t want to ruin the original one, so will skip this Bollywood one! 

I&#39;ve just watched it a minute ago and Pareeniti Chopra did a very great job..she is so shining out here...the best movie so far for her, her acting, dialogue,everything was on point..love it...though some barking dogs before actually watching it barked so loud...What a masterpiece act Pari...!!

Bollywood be running out of ideas 
I just watched the movie today and I like it. It’s very interesting and the suspense was luring my attention throughout the movie. I don’t know any of the actors may be because the main character is of actresses.  great acting of Parineeti Chopra ️

Such bad acting ....
Bad movie. Don&#39;t watch. Total waste of time. 2/10

SUPER DUPER FLOP, HORRIBLE DIRECTION, Acting and everything just bakwaas. Original movie ki insult karadi. SHARAM KARO BOLLYWOOD WALO SHARAM KARO DOOOOBJAO PAANI MEIN

Copy and paste...Making thriller movie isn&#39;t our DNA.Which is proven already...

The worst film of the decade.  you will regret each and every second...
Good movie parineeti very good acting songs r good 2
To the people whinging in the comments , no one is Forcing you to watch it , Stop cribbing about lil things .

Sudhar jao movie ka naam tho bdal lete kam sae kam

Time is precious, pls dont waste it by watching this.. completely ruined it !

Bakwas movie. She really can’t act!

How can you take such a beautiful story and ruin it like this! Netflix we expect better!! You make sir and then you make this?You&#39;ve not only ruined the book you&#39;ve even fucked up the Hollywood movie. So many loop holes, the story seems so disconnected!! Why would you do that to such a beautiful and thrilling book! And then a well put movie!!! Stop it please.

Ghatiya Acting
&quot;You don&#39;t know her but she knows you&quot;

Parineeti&#39;s character is me during Exams.

I have watch this movie on Netflix this is mind blowing awesome movie

Superb 
A hope that this doesn&#39;t ruin the book

Ek or copied movie

Not solid actors

Full movie link plz
I wonder how this movie has a 6.4 rating at IMDb. Hope wasn&#39;t very high but did not expect such bad acting.. no one seems to be acting natural.. worst watch in recent times.. definitely comparable to sadak 2..

Well... How many item songs are there lmao...

Copy cat with same name of movie of Hollywood&#39;s....oh b 4 saal baad ..Hahahah very funny ... All same same but fr v tahude to Rees ni honi Hollywood di

Super

Netflix heart de raha hai..what's the matter?
It’s a shame that Bollywood industry keep on remaking movies taken up frm Hollywood , n this one is f***ked up frm the name of the movie to how they shoot the movie itself  is being taken frm the original movie “ the girl in the train 2016.. n wow how can netflix accept or take up such a production

3men crew 
I just watched the movie I liked it. I didn&#39;t watch the original movie

best of luck 

Why no one is talking much about aditi she is just amazing Also parineeti  chopra

For some reason it looks flop to me

Sunday ki copy h
Even the trailer isn&#39;t matching even 20% compared to original movie&#39;s trailer. Why remake?? Why ?

Look what I am doing today 
Movie looks awesome

Parineeti chopra is sister of arjun kapoor.. what a garbage acting skills she have

<a href="">1:48</a> kgfdghhjhff
KIRTI KULHARI, THE ACTRESS I AM SAYING THE ACTRESS BECOZ I JUST LOVED HER ACTING PROWESS IN bREATHE IN TO THE SAHDOWS SHE IS JUST AMAZING ,,, I DONT KNOW HOW SHE MISSED BOLLYWOOD BIGGIES
I watched it today itself. Parineeti cjopras acting was superb and lots of twists and turns... good movie to watch

Copy cat 

Yak movie...I don't like it at all.
0.32 aur hamara pawry ho ho hai
as always copied by an English movie.

Watched it just now! And it’s different from the original version, it has a Indian filmy touch to it and definitely an unexpected ending.

Just watched...It was worth it..Everyone on the cast performed so well

Awss

Just came here to give review this movie was so damn good.  All the characters rocked their roles.

Cannot expect Bollywood to be original .They have mastered the art of copy and paste

Please meet js films️
LOL Bollwood copies everything, please watch The Girl on the Train (2016), Directed By Tate Taylor. Better class of acting, and original version.

Best movie i had ever seen..!!️It gives a deep messege To forget about the past and starts the life with a new beginning ️And don’t trust anyone just trust yourself ️I would give 5 on 5 stars 

Shame on u Netflix India . !!!!!
Bakwas

Hmmm bollywood(shitwood) going ruin original with a remake... shameless fellows even the film shoot was Done in usa...

I don't understand why I am suffering from the pain of reading subtitles, Hindi language is used in the background.
Best one I ever watched on netflix..

WHYYYYY Copy of Hollywood 
What a wasteland you have created
It&#39;s a nightmare seeing Parineeti Chopra or any other Indian actress in the character of Emily blunt from the original movie of the girl on the train. Some characters can&#39;t be replaced with a remake and this is one of it.

Timing kya h release ki?

I thought it was supposed to release today. Can&#39;t find it on Netflix as yet. This is disappointing.

Watching trailer without having netflix subscription 

Hello Parineeti , i am sorry for insulting you.

Cant find this movie on netflix

Stop showing aal movie in trailers  Looks like she didn&#39;t killed her someone else did

I like them both Parineeti chopra and Aditi rao haidri looking forward to this film ️

Looks very promising lets see if movie is as good as trailer is

<a href="">1:09</a> sound like it was taking by iphone camera

her ex Husband&#39;s have affair with that girl, killed that girl, blamed on priniti

Oh dear, this looks absolute garbage. The American version was so so good, and here we go again, they had to ruin it. Is there a shortage of stories nowadays that remakes are necessary? And to top it off, they had to cast Parineeti Chopra? Like seriously? Her acting skills, are very very limited.

Emily Blunt’s stellar performance in the Hollywood movie “The Girl on the train” can’t be forgotten ️ but bollywood what is with this remakes?

Will watch soon.

I really want these kind of Actors/Producers/Directors to stay away from a beautiful on going web series. I DO NOT WANT BOLLYWOOD kind of stories on here. this will be disappointing for sure. Peace

Yaar ye log itna makeup kyu karte hai.. ek normal insaan itna makeup nahi karta.. mene jitni bhi Hollywood movies dekhi hai koi bhi cast makeup nahi karti they keep their cast natural in look except any scene of party in movies...

Badla movie wala feel dera hai ye trailer !!
Hey, Ribhu Dasgupta stops playing with Remakes. GIVE TO US BARD OF THE BLOOD SEASON 2...

Aditi rao reminds me of scam 1992 Anyone like me ?

Upload Kr do nhi show ho rhi netflix pr

Parineeti&#39;s performance ️..she is killin&#39; it 
Parineeti Looks sooooo good, what a comeback !!!

She is on next level here

Why why!!! When already one movie with the same name, on the same novel, with star like Emily Blunt exists, why can’t the maker choose a different novel. Literally there are thousands novels with amazing stories to choose. If you really wanted to choose Paula Hawkins book, then you should chosen “Into The Water” instead of “The Girl on The Train”.

Ranking all the actresses by their acting skills 1. Kirti Kulahri2. Aditi Rao

Very excited ️
What a consistentcy trending on #1 from 3 weeks.

i read the novel 2 years ago and it is one of the best novels i ever read hope they don&#39;t ruin it  specially  Rachel&#39;s character

Interesting... Parineeti has always been one of my fav

hollywood movie ka copy  hai yeh toh

It&#39;s based on a book 

Is this not all just a bit racist? I mean the only thing that&#39;s changed is that the cast is replaced with Indians speaking Indian..in London. Is Netflix basically saying Indians won&#39;t want to watch white people and we&#39;re ok with that?

Whose mast lage o like kera 1
BOLLYWOOD KI JITNI BHI MOVIES HAI SABHI KO BOYCUTT KARO....PUDIYA KHORO KI MOVIES NAHI DEKHNA......

BOLLYWOOD KI JITNI BHI MOVIES HAI SABHI KO BOYCUTT KARO....PUDIYA KHORO KI MOVIES NAHI DEKHNA......

She is just beyond amazing  u killing it bae @parineetichopra lots of love and all the best 

I saw this movie&#39;s original Hollywood version and I am eager to watch aditi rao hydari..

Fabulous as I expected Looking forward to it

The acting in this video is so horrible, you could power the entire city of Ahmedabad for a whole month using just the rotational energy from how fast Shakespeare is rolling in his grave right now.

Aditi husband is main villain!!!

Again a copied movie... bhai kuch original bhi bana lo

Copy and paste..

Bollywood really cant make anything original

Bollywood never gets tired of remaking??

call karkai galli do is cutiyei ko 8955814938

The one who is reading my comment is saying, God bless mom and dad for 100 years 
Another garbage copy of Hollywood!! Cheap Cheaters!!!

Watch this trailer pakka she will remember everything

Watch this trailer pakka she will remember everything 

If I&#39;m not wrong tota roychowdhuri is also in this film..I&#39;m a biggest fan of him..ribhu dasgupta fab in teen movie..as a Bengali I&#39;m proud of you guys..all actor are not like they are act its look like they are living with their characters..must watch

Subscribe - your mother will live 1011 years ️Ignore - you will fall in the gutter

Not liking Pari&#39;s dialogue delivery. Also, her acting. I wish the film got a better director. Ribhu Dasgupta is really infamous for bad, sloppy and tedious direction. Opportunity lost. While alia is back with Gangubai kathiawadi. Everytime there&#39;s chance for Pari to shine, Alia comes and steals her thunder. Uffff.

Seriously?? Parnineeti Chopra aping Rosamund Pike?? I mean when will this Bollywood privileged wannabes understand wearing fancy cloth is not acting!!!! As usual Netflix lives on it tradition of shitting in pants when it comes to Indian content

After Alia s trailer Parineeti Chopra ️️️
Its the total copy of the girl on the train hollywood movie ..i expected something original...

It&#39;s a copied movie....From a hollywood movie.... Do something original plzz bollywood

Bollywood barbari kr hi nh skta.....Itna makeup ohh god...
Brother, I am talking about making videos of shorts facts, which one can be cheap and subscribe for 1k if you love your mother and father to subscribe then parents ageSubscribe= 1000yearIgnore =000Aur channel kaname kya hai kya rakhe Only for joke  I said that the trend has been going on for a long time, parents are right to everyone, that's why everyone's mother is right, stay true to everyone. 0 subscribe, let's see how many logs will you support?  Mai A2 motivation jaise I have started making videos, I have prepared a diary of 1000 facts, I am just making clips, Bhai, download free clips from food and with the help of Bhai, I am from the village, by the way, no one knows the villagers, Bhai please  
Whats new in this??  - NOTHING! It just has Indian characters. Everything else looks the same. This is sad. No innovation. Nothing. Not even based in India. Lol! ‍️ Just like in exams. Copy paste. 

The whole story has been told. This is to remake. Nothing new is too late
Touch and hold a clip to pin it. Unpinned clips will be deleted after 1 hour.e

Kon kon es movies ka wait kar raha hai Like kareAnd movies fans subscribe to my YouTube channel 
i already KNOW it&#39;s gone be bad with the makeup on her forehead

Waaaaaw

Original is better!

Stop copying hollywood moviesBollywood is suck!

Background score really annoying

Dust

Why bollywood prefer only London as shooting location nowhere disgusting

ARE you excited?Likes
i think this going to be one of those movie with a crazy twist at the end .  I think this going to be like knives out where throughout the movie it will seem like the murderer is Pariniti and at the end a twist

That book is my favourite please don&#39;t ruin it 

Awaiting
Angrily waiting for this movie

I am crazy to see this movie

Wow priniti bht tim bad

Cringe! What&#39;s with the dramatic makeup!!

kuch new bana latay
Her ex-husband is the killer!!!! Spoiler alert.

Guys this movie is duplicate of an hollywood movie sale sab Bollywood choro se bhara huva hai

Parinitichopra avinash tiwary Kriti kulari Aditi Habrisad time 
Whole story Copied from Hollywood....

Aditi Rao Hyderi g ko lead actress ma lena tha .Ache or better acting krte ha in sab sa woh
Not impressive pariniti
Yesterday I got kicked out of the hospital because I told COVID patients to stay positive.

Who person read my comment is so beautiful

Aditi and pari expression acting just awesome

it is going to be rocking.

I started loving you when I watched fire and ice...

Love u Kirti - the new found actor in the list. Love your every film

Always go for original... Why waste time on remake when original is available

The on the train some horror 
Stop copying hollywood movies
