Ye banda script padh ke video bana haihate u yaa<a href="">#boycotbollywood</a> <a href="">#justiceforSSR</a> <a href=""># nosushantnobollywood</a>@akshaykumar hate u
Miss you sushant sir ji
Culture through films..seriously?????Bollywood has spoiled the culture actually

How opportunist these celebrities are, giving indirect message and requesting to continue supporting him at this moment !!!

Miss you shushant singh rajput 

Akshay Kumar Sunil Shetty after Sunny Deol, Sushant sir was also good 
Dont forget this guy is Raju

Bollybod is not anyone's father and especially the Khan family's i.miss
Fuck you akshay kumar shame on you when the truth is in your eyes but you stay silent 

Ff Revved
Yeh drugs ki baten q kr rhe hen???....drugs nahi krta thaa sushant

It&#39;s all a gimmick.3yrs ago, wen this video was out,  his movie was abt to come out, and his and other&#39;s movies totally failing, due to rightful  public anger    He stole Sushant&#39;s AI game , and gave it his name.  Feel.kike giving cuss words.I lost all my respect for Akshay after this.

You all are wrong, everyone in Bollywood is wrong. You have done a lot of wrong to Sushant bhaiya. Justice should be given to Sushant bhaiya.
Sorry Ab kyo bolrahe ho

2024 
He worked very hard but it was him. The entire film was given to dirty actors.
And karan johar ko
Sushant  Singh rajput ki Marne ki wajah hai sarukh and sahid  aise log ko India se bahar kar diya jaye

I already watched it before but after 3 years I am here again and a thing which is hurting me right now is how he was defending himself and the whole Bollywood and didn&#39;t talk about sushant. This is very disheartened and I can say proudly that I have been boycotting Bollywood from that time till now but everyone has forgotten him(sushant) <a href="">#boycott</a>

They are trying to cover up the whole truth with the name of drugs, but you are trying to hide it but Sushant was murdered and they will boycott the entire industry so there will be justice for Sushant.
What an acting done

When someone's favorite is more than life and he goes away, it hurts to miss you ssr
Boycott india
You are expert in giving clarification but there is no benefit in giving such clarification.
Akshay sir no one is angry with you
Justice for sushant singh Rajput 
Law enforcement, police and judges can only do anything when the Judiciary is independent but they&#39;re not!! They can be bought and sold and mostly untrustworthy!! So no Akshay can&#39;t trust these wordd of yours!!

Happy New Year 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Mai apko Achha manta tha but tum logbhi whai ho...

<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

U think we public are stupid that what ever u say we will really accept the truth is that Bollywood killed this talented and most charming actor istg u guys will be exposed very soon u think we are fools we don’t know why r u making this videos it’s just for your incomes u r just making this video for the sake of his death but we really don’t know the truth but remember 1 person is always waiting upon you guys and idk if yk that person or not cuz u guys are only in your own world I hope you know what God is so he is watching u …..…thank you

Boycott Bollywood.

Tum sabne sushant singh rajput ke saath bahut galat Kiya hai ab safai de rahe ho tab kaha the jab tumhari jaroorat thi

You also accepted these grounds. With the justice for Sushant, now I will make my way to the world.
No point in crying now akshay kumar. Should have thought about all this before. Unnecessary insulted &amp; killed  Sushant Singh Rajput an innocent soul. Bollywood is a dirty house of drugs &amp; debauchery. Mother father sister brother &amp; children all involved in this. You all have spoiled the younger generations. Spoiled the image of the country. You all have to suffer. Only God can save you.

Can’t remember the last time I saw a Bollywood movie. I know this film industry is sick. No justice will be served in case of Jia khan, or SSR

Jitni bhe safai den den faida nh h bhae jane wala chala gaya shushant singh was a king love from pak 

Correct

What should we say about the point that Bollywood has not taught us anything, what is the reason behind Bollywood, we are eating like actor Salman, we are eating like rhea, we are eating like Sanjay, actors don't take drugs. He has given red warning chits and slogans and has himself given a saffron to others, he is fond of Hollywood and has got citizenship of India but he is an actor in Bollywood, he has become a logo of Bollywood and company, 
Justice for Sushant Singh Rajput

Hey guys just look in Akshay kumar eyes than you will found thatIt&#39;s not like a reality speech for SSRWe have totally disturbed by these news from Bollywood industry

Kohinoor of India - Sushant Singh Rajput is the real hero not only in movies but in reality too.. He is the divine soul who will be in our hearts forever.. We want Justice Justice Justice Now....

I agree with akshay

Bee has come after making loud noises.
But you are trying to give so much trouble.
Loudeee
That's why you haven't received a single award.
Before you go mad, the man has seen her bad ass.
Bollywood tatti and please God help south stars only ...and vha bhi bas yhi haal na ho

Boycot gutter bollywood

And here Bollywood Abhishap bn gya for our hero Shushant sir
Sir y don&#39;t you play a role of ssr for his biography.

A woman cleans the entire pond, she cleans the entire wall and wood.
I miss you sushant singh rajput . Pura wollyborad bala hero mad#..chod hai.

We want justice for ssr and get them punish for what they have done to our beloved one bhai sushant singh

Sushanth i cant digest this. Life is not fair. ..

boycott bollywood boycott bollywood actres mafia slk crk
Boss is always right  miss you sushant sir 

The most beautiful is Bollywood
Ye sab acting hai.. tum sab sushant ko daba na hi chahte the

Fake Akshay Kumar....
Nowadays, the actor who is multilingual and can work on atavistic series is the real talent. Nahi tho bollywood directors are phuski nowadays
So after Sushant bhaiya's Jane, Bollywood has been a complete flop... Now it's time for Tollywood... Btw missu Sushant bhaiya  love you 
If Akshay Kumar wants to repent then punish the sinner Pancholi and give justice to S.S.R....
Boycott Lulliwood

Sab Bollywood wale baki sab star ki chutiye kutte vaah to Khali ek hi Akela star tha baki sab tiya hai natak karta hai ringtone
Boycott Bollywood movie

Before going to sale, you will see it or worse, you will look at the bench***
Btw if u don&#39;t watch in Netflix, they will stop putting those types of movies in Netflix as well.,,    It&#39;s up to u Netflix seems alright.,, Netflix price is increasing neways.,,

Boycott Bollywood.  Justice for Sushant Singh,  Jiya Khan Disha Salian  and all those whose lives  have been destroyed by Bollywood. There is a God who created these people and surely  their murderers will be punished  by the almighty sooner or later.

That's why your Bollywood doob is such a good actor, you log in like this, God will never forgive you 
How many years have you been living but till now I have not learned anything and found out sheeeee yaar  some time you have forgotten  SSR always Miss You
Perhaps Sir, who is not given justice?
Akshay Kumar is the great man. If you have any finger, whoever is with you will also tease you, but those dirty kids of yours will not get it because you are too smart. Sushant Singh Rajput like Sushant Singh Rajput has come in your midst and has mentally touched and week this poor child but has given love to this poor child so that everyone can hate him.
Kyu banaye rakhe pyaar jab aap en gande star ko dinki karte dekh to dekh jab aap sushant singh rajput ko nahi bacha paaye to hmm kyu pyar de bollywood actors benchod actresses saale gandi nale ke kide he star nahi he kuch actor, actresses benchod he sale Those who did dirty acts with an innocent star did not respect him, and he did not respect any director of Bollywood or said that he was in trouble because he did not deserve to be seen as a star.
Babu bhaiya, everything is a game of money. Your tongue also became saffron.
Ssr ko Bollywood mayBoycott karne Mae bhi aap log ek jut the

And how much money do you need? Pig
Hum hai but tum nahi rahoge jaan loBoycott bollywood forever
Sir do ya teen log hi sahi ho ho whole film industry per kya par kya Karen sir do ya teen log ke kakar mein mein kakar puri film industry ko nahi to maaf aur ek Sushant Singh Rajput hi ho nahi ho kya hona Every artiste talent ko dabaya Ronda How many King Khan brothers have ever been angry at anyone, at any place, have they even learned how to behave? Whose bad wealth are you here?
To make a film against nepotism yaar
Ap ki Bollywood deya bhar me ssr sir Nehi to Bollywood bhi Nehi

You would be more respected if you remained silent.

Justice for sushant

Mujhe Bollywood pasand nahi kyu ki inhi logo ne humare legend ko mara hai

No one has one hand and no pair.. no one has born… the government was so strong that it understood science. What do you think about the dog's puppy inspector or SP DSP semi-line... nothing... maybe that's why I came from the upper level to get all the excuses.
This is 2023 , still remembering Sushant sir 

I am very sad even today I miss you Sushant 
akshay is so fake. I never liked him anyways. love how conveniently his video came right around the time of his movie release. pos.

Brother Lord Krishna has rightly said that all these Bollywood actors are watching his movie because they don't insult him.
Bollywood pehle atsa tha, ab dhanda ho gaya hai, btw nice acting Akshay bro
I love you sushant singh rajput 

So many comments regarding Bollywood being boycotted that didn&#39;t age well.

sushant 
Justice for SSR 
Sushant sir please laut aaiye hamare Patna ki jaan h aap aapke Bina to Bollywood ko dekhna bhi pasand nahi h

Miss you Sushant sir, even though you are not among us, you are still alive in everyone's heart.  Sushant sir, come on, I have missed you a lot.
Jb sushant sir ko hi bollywood ne hi khatam kiya h to Bollywood kyu rahega band kijiye  Sushant sir ko aap sb ne hum sb se door karo diye
As much as you want, you are about to be destroyed - You people have not shown any culture - You have only indulged in filth - This is the day of doomsday -
Sach was sir..
Bollywood boycott

Ese dukh aap apne liye dikha rahe ho kaas ye sushant singh rajpoot ke murder par dikhate toh aapko apne liye safayi na padti.galat ka samay chup rahina bhi galat hai.

go and fuck my bandkar
You are speaking today, how can you end Sushant?
Sushant ko mar nay wala tum sub he ho

mo band kar kuta

Laure ho tum wo bhi chhoti lulli wale aur wo bhi tehe wale…
<a href="">2:38</a> ye galat nhi h... Bilkul bhi nhi, ye bilkul 100% jaayez h.... Suppose say if u r the actor, toh may b aap se issue nhi hoga kisi ko bhi, but aapki actress, co stars n especially directors n producers, sb k sb shi ho???? That&#39;s impossible... Ek ki galti sb ko milegi

justice for ssr

I feel that Bollywood is the biggest monster in the country.
Bollywood is dirty please clean the country
Go spread the gutka
Miss you sushant sir
Bollywood will buycott by everyone ssr especially

You are Indian so let's take one step and let Bollywood be banned. Jago bhai Sushant Bhai's tradition, it happens with other actors and actresses also, in this world we teach a lesson to the people.
Shushant singh rajput ko 
KITHNI BAKWAS CHOOTH BOLTHA HAI, SAATH NIBHANA KEHTA GAI JAB CANADA KI CITIZENSHIP LIELEE AUR HINDUSTAI GHAREEB JHANTAH KO BEWAQOOF BANA RAHA HAI , IKE BATCHEY KAL AAYE GEY ISILIEAY YRH MAGHARMATCH KE AANSOO

Akhshaye greencard Canadian citizen Kumar is full of shit he lies , mere jawano ,mera desh how can anyone believe a hipocrit doghla hes one of them abd one day his kids will also join the Bollywood industry thats why hes trying to save it ,

Tab kaha tha be jab sushant ke liye bolna tha.

Justice for sushant bhaiii

There is no benefit in watching a movie..just spend the money and use that money to feed a poor person.
You evil people... Don&#39;t insult Sushant by your nasty acting.

Takecaregoodnightbyparulnotchvarodanotjob

Shushantkillriyadoginthehouse

Murderer badly anti national h Tu

Please band Shah Rukh Khan and Salma khan from India.

Bollywood me sirf Akshay aur sushant hi pasand hai 

Fati pari hai ki saaro... Cheap Bollywood 
Abhi Bollywood ko aur niche aana h sahab ....... No nepotism...... I miss SSR

Sbse bda hypocrite

Ye sabse bda chor hai

We miss you ssr
The sister-in-law did not say that he was saddened by the news of his death, but he was maintaining his cleanliness.
50 rs kaat over acting ka
Right Akshay
boycott

Sirf nyay justice for sushant 

Please boycotted bollywood guys please to it right now

Justice justice justice true will speak day

Padhke bol rehe hai ye bhi

True

Khatam...tata...bye..bye Bollywood......Katora leke bheek mango
 I totally agree with you everybody is different we can&#39;t judge everybody in one zone because we don&#39;t know how to judge anyone because even judiciary are not able to judge people and not able to give justice in right manners

If you want to show your size to your son, show it tomorrow.
So after eating the rat the bill went to Haujj Bastard Bollywoodians
Boycott Bollywood.. We need justice for SUSHANTH

Bollywood is nonsense now. All nepotism.

Thank you sir 
Country's cultural??? Nagapan's daughter has been seen and sold.
Inka dhandha nhi chalega bhik mang rahe he aawaj ku nhi uthate Sach to inko Pata he

The murderer of sushant singh rajput is film industry

Miss you sushant singh 

Hey brother, he is a very clever man, he is happy to do any trick, just to get money from anywhere, he just has to do the work, don't come in his lap, he is a fox.
Bollywood bharmai jayo 
Akshay Sahab, listen now we are not with you, that is why you are not logging in either. Is that clear? So BOYCOTT Bollywood. Byeeeee
Miss you Sushant Singh Rajput Bhai ️
What is the benefit of saying all this? You can bring Sushant back and you can tell me all that later
We always miss sushant
We miss you sushant 
Since Sushant Singh died, I have stopped watching Bollywood movies  SSR sir
The condition of Bollywood will get worse
This is a joke...something has been said...it has been taken out of the movie.....Bajirao Mastani...Ramleela...sab has been taken out of the movie..... .Sab miles huye hai…Akshay sala 3rd class insaan…aa gaye sympathy mangne.
See, all this may be wrong but they are only thinking about themselves, we are the fools who make such people stars...
Justice  for ssr

I just don't give justice to Sushant sir, I will not give him justice for another day in the industries
Hey, shut up and talk to Canada..
Crocodile tears

Bollywood ki asi ki tesi fuck you
All bollywood actors feeling like dead inside like u after his death from now and after your video i hate you a lot We r missing him and I am feeling that pain from bottom of my heart 

Media to puri biki hui hai. Sabse nich aur ghatiya chiz jo hai hamare desh me vo hai media. Jo ki bina peso ke kuchh ni bolti.

This is the star that is ready to bow down
Friend, you are also a fan but Bollywood has done a lot of harm to Sushant Singh Rajput who stole my heart because I love Sushant Singh Rajput a lot and he never got it back. You can eat Bollywood from India, my bus will go to Madarchod, you will kill bastard Shushant Singh Rajput I miss you Shushant Singh Rajput sir 
Shame for indian government and police for not able to put criminals in jail.Justice for SSR and Disha....!<a href="">#RIP</a> !

14 June must be celebrated as world anti nepotism day

Boycott BollywoodNo Sushant No bollywood Justice For SSR 
Akshay Kumar has helped the poor a lot due to Corona, gave 25 crores yesterday, thank you sir for this 
please sir Akshay Kumar who has killed Sushant Singh, punish him for his fans 
Bhad me jau tohar bollywood
Chutiya maat banaw hum sab ke Akshayiya
Akshay Kumar: First look at your house and then gain knowledge.
Vimal is culture 
Bollywood is falling &amp; failing badly! South &amp; other regional cinema is greater !!!

Uncle jab woh zinda tha tab kahan tha yeh ted talk saalay gandu

Why didn't you guys support us...
Anti Nepotism Day is cmg! Boycott bullyweed

Still waiting for justice!! And anyhow all these top grading heroes r proved flop these days... Whether khans or kumar or ranvir or dipika all proved fail... Making dirty movies. Now a days south indians r more favorite

Don't eat mangoes, or drink drugs before anyone else.
In the end, where Bollywood is, Yogi Baba's game is on.
Drugs to nahi but Vimal.ka brand endorsement to kar rahe ho na 

Up in the film city, there is a ban on that movie, I don't want to watch it.
Akshay is fake just like bollywood akshay is a ball shiner always shining the balls of amitabh bachan and modi when he interviewed modi,

Dhongi baba

Sushant is murdured not protect for you             safai dene ka jaru rat nhi Hai natak matkar      overacting sala

<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

Boycut now

What do you say father killed my brother
Wbnsnnnw

This year he is a number one catcher... His son and his daughters both succeeded. He.. is very proud of Hindu saints, of Hindu religion, of Hindu Goddesses and Goddesses.. at the time of making Laxmi bomb. Where did this print of yours go missing at the time of Susant's murder? You are also in the list of marchers.
Nchojeky vapornne ahaathper jorr riyyaa he...nkliaadmi
SHUT UP AKSHAY WHERE WERE U WHEN THEY KILKED SUSHANT ?    U ARE ONLY SORRY AS NO ONE WANTS TO WATCH YOU OR YOUR EVIL CO STARS ANYMORE !!!!

Bollywood is just drugs mafia.....we not made drugist

Then why Akshay Kumar not saved Sushant being member of Bollywood family m

U showing akshya-rip sushant
Let your tormentors burn in hell.
Let your tormentors burn in hell.
Sushant you are forever in our hearts. Justice for Sushant. Russia.
Akshay Cama, make full income.....
Susant ko Bollywood Wale mara he

Emotions bhi script pdh kr bole the hain ye Bollywood ke sikke

A person who is delivering Vimal ads to his fans , saying about the holy side of industry .

Bollywood sutiya hai sala move dekhna he band kar diya

Everyone knows whose target Susant was

Jab tak bollywood me all Indian actor ko ek saman ijat nahi hoga tab tak bollywood aur bollywood ke thekedaro ko Chen nahi aane denge ,

Sushant Singh Athma ki Jai

Bat hi tho ye hai ki bollywood ne culture ko promote ni demote kiya hai .<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

Bollywood is nothing without sushant singh raj put ️

Aapne bole hai aap hai to Mai hi      to kitne garib logo Ko help kiye hai

The only good man in bollywood Akshay Kumar ️

Sushant k bare me kuch nai kaha. Sab ko apna dhandha pyara hai … ki audiences na chali jaye bas… log toh aate jate rahenge.. this is world though, real world

Bollywood best  actaar killing no drags matter
fun
The less one admits that he is not a star without the public but the head has to speak, the difference does not matter whether he is a VP without the public or he is speaking to the public.
His loss is big loss for us he had no age to go 

Ab to Bollywood khud boycott me chal rha hai dusro ke liye khadda khodne Wale nhi jante ki who khud uss khadde me gir rhe hai

Brother, you have given knowledge.
No one will melt from this video
Ya tatoo loog naya notangi nacha rahe hai .... boycott boycott boycott.......mf
Banud kardua Bollywood
Bekwass band kr apni

SSR had his vengeance!

Sushanth Singh Rajput......had his vengeance on bollywood...with a support of force from outside of the bollywood. Ironically its the same name....SSR....that delivered the Punch. Its none other than the SS Rajamouli. SSR with his massive hits &#39; Bahubali 1 &amp;2&#39; and &#39;RRR&#39; gave a almost a fatal blow to the bollywood. He bought into the limelight that Bollywood is not the sole representative of Indian films...but there exist multiple industries and talents other than bollywood that has real content and acting personalities. Hence, SSR cameback as SSR with a brut force to make his presence felt. :)

Akshay sir I respect you but please don&#39;t support Bollywood mafia and nepotism... justice for SSR

You are a kit mate .. you can stuck somewhere ..take care of yourself..absolutely Indian hate Bollywood..

Sushant sing rajpoot sir ko support kyun kiya jab zinda the tab
Sir, why don't you even say anything to me, you have considered me an idol, you have made fun of Sushant Singh, Bollywood will continue to punish the culprits of Sushant Singh.
Boycott  bollywood

Miss you sushant sir
Bollywood mera lwda
Sushant Singh rajput is murder by Bollywood Nepotism ... Now i hate Bollywood... Boycott Nepotism 

Ever thought of making an animated series of Bhramastra with Sushant Singh Rajput as Shiva  We would love to see him alive through animation if we can. Just a thought if it can be taken further. It may get audience back to theatres / plexes!

We want justice for our beloved Sushant Singh Rajput Sir ️ What&#39;s the mystery behind it?..

Jhant Akshay walks in front of the elephant like a girdle and eats it.
Sushant singh rajput is not buyycot sir he is a real hero he is .He is alive okay everything you everything &amp; everyone.

We have still boycotted bollywood specially for few more nepos

First give Bimal's ad, please band together and then talk to him.
And after the covid period they got back to their arrogance again. I am still angry with you guys and miss SSR

Boycott bollywood en sala ko chodna Nahi mere feminism hai ESS ma
Wah wah beg man Raha Hain sorry ki. Who knows, I too am like the others. Well, my favorite hero is no more. Years of hard work...Bhai Sahab, I am not doing anything wrong because I am old and I don't believe in giving the mistake...What more can I say, you all are poor bastards on one side and highly educated SSR on the other side.Pur use. Didn't you even encourage? Why? What is the power of money? Who is also responsible...showing the power of money inside jail.Justice for Sushant Singh RajputGet lost every single Bollywood hero and heroine Down with Bollywood
He&#39;s not coming to the point that Sushant was treated like a dog by Bollywood celebs.

What&#39;s the latest progress on Sushant and his family. Anyone convicted?

After Sushant death Bollywood heroes  we saw like villains. He being dropped so many moves. Only few movies he done excellent. If he became engineer today he still alive. His death curse to the Bollywood. We need justice for SSR.

You have married our 7-8 girl to a Muslim, if Bollywood had not happened till today then 7-8 would have been Hindu.
Love you Akshay sir 
Is desh ki chutiya janta chaar din me sab bhul k usi Salman and Shahrukh ki filme dekhne lag gayi. Sirf justice demand karne se kuchh nahi hota...Boycott these filthy people.

Boycott Bollywood. AK without any shame in gym talking about his reputation.After ignoring SSR by so called actors and actresses I don&#39;t like to watch their movies at all : Salman Khan, Anipam Kher, Varun, Sonam, etc.

First and final decision boycott bollywood hm now you will never do it with your people I will never let you do whatever you want but now the boycott of bollywood will continue now I have banned watching your people's movies on TV also and I have been banned from doing so. No regrets.
Akshay sir, no matter how many hands are added, the poor film industry is wrong, the film industry is very bad.
Get lost mr.akshay kumar get lost go to hell you and whole bollywood deserve our hate get lost mr.akshay get lost jb sushant depression mein the tb aap log kaha the jb iifa award mein scirpt k nam pr sushant ka shahrukh aur shahid kapoor majak uda rhe the.tb aap kaha the kyu nhi jwab diya aapne unhe ab jb sushant nhi hai tb khte phir rhe ho bollywood ko janta ne banaya hai bollywood ek pariwar hai arey my foot mr akshay kumar get lost go to hell

Hahaha Bollywood was made by us and must Boycott gutterwood druggies by us. Justice for SSR.

We will miss you shushant singh Rajput

Bollywood is real nepotism SSR Amar Rahega

Only talk no result we public forget everything within no time

How sweet does the voice of Aakshiya sir sound?
<a href="">#justices</a> for sushant 

Boycott Bollywood is the main revenge for shushant do you agree my friends

Ab hm es pyaar se khtm ko bollywood <a href="">#boycottbollywood</a> 
Dog of Bollywood. Boycott Bollywood
Akki is a lier he is also one of the crowd

Haste haste kr tu sale
I miss you shushant sir 
Boycotte bollywood n bollywood was finished justice for ssr disha salian jiah khan 

Susant sir is riyal riyal hiro and i like you I miss you very much susant sir

The whole industry has to be fucked
I spent so many days. She said. You have a family, what will you get by taking money.. Your death will also be like this. Just like you did not let Sushant live.
Yes, I have made it, but when I eat it, I will cry.
Boycott  Bollywood

Justice for Sushant.

<a href="">#boycot</a> bollywood

You made one mistake by saying that the media did not say anything, but all the media has become a part of us, you are also the one who did not say anything to Sushant Singh, what a dog he is saying now.
Puru khotu
he is reading off a script

I asked Narendra Modi ji. Sushant Singh Rajput was making Covid apps. Actors Akshay Kumar and Aditya Thakre are jointly using the app. Wow that was the speaking app. It seemed that I could not find out why. Use the app for both of you. Stole. Jai to Honorable Narendra Modi who completed his third degree degree. Buy COtt Bollywood's
Whatever you have said, all of it is very heart touching... This is the same thing for all the brothers which was not true by late Sushan ji... Baas was not there. , ...RIP......


Bollywood boycott

Yes or whom did Sushant Singh Rajput kill? To destroy you is our hack. Sushant Singh Rajput should get justice.
Well done Akshay sir good your speech

No Bollywood idiot shared Condolence for his murder. Bollywood will collapse if Nepotsm drug money laundering child trafficking continue ,as our Sushanth said.the film industry will collapse and it has started collapsing.

Boycott Bollywood zboycott Khans Kapoors Jumars etc.

You are not saying anything sir
He doesn&#39;t accepted that ssr is boycotted by bollywood.

Good i impressed   100000000.....................itna bhee Kam hi sir
After all, you are 10000% who is behind the murder of SUSHANT, you know ... I DO NOT SEE ALL OF YOU .. I DO NOT SEE

I never watched Bollywood movies.
Boycott Bollywood

send me also to ssr
Jay shivashakti... justice for genius SSR and Disha with IPC 302... buycutt bollywood...tum lagon ne milkar aachhayi  ki insan rupi Devta SSR ko murder kiya hai brutally...tum sab isi jindegi me nark rupi kast pana chahiye....ham public ke paise se luxury life bitane Wale ...our sare culprits our murders kon kabhi Chen nasib na ho.....dear ssrians viewers of the world always supported this noble nonviolence justice war also pressured on Indian govt for justice every day.... every corner of the world...this noble justice war is only against injustice ....our innocent SSR and Disha Disha is symbol of youth generation thankyou verymuch... God bless you all loving enargetic ssrians viewers of the world... with blessings... JAYHIND Lovely universe 

You are a big selfie lover
Bhasan mat mere bhai..tum log sab milkkar mara usko
My brother come back 
Bollywood will be completely boycott
Aap to jante ho ki Sushant ki jaane ke bad hamare Sushant bhai h Sushant ki jaane ke bad dukh bahut jyada hai

Bollywood is route to terrorism, you guys have completely handled Porkistan and Bangladeshi drugs,money,trafficking, etc None want to watch <a href="">#Bollywood</a> again, only for time pass we come to youtubw, how you cartons are doing

Boycott to Bollywood

Miss you Sushant
Aap log sir why didn't you support earlier?
Sushant Singh rajput sir  is very great man

Your pass is a little less. You have also conducted interviews of Modiji.
you are bastard
Sushant ki death pr sabse pehle tu hi to bhoka tha media k saamne suicide kiya....tu to ms dhoni ki film bhi cheenna chahta tha...pr Aisa ni hua...bhai Teri daal ni galne wali ...bann n Ed Bollywood ..jab sushant singh rajput pr cbi lgi to tum bahar bhag gye ..ab bakchodi kr ra h

CHL jhoothe

Bollywood 
Fake he is

Love u sir u r the real khiladi of Bollywood.Love from Pakistan.

Both Salman and Shahrukh should be killed. Those who consider Bollywood as their father's, they are never delaying Hindus from coming forward, they want to drag people and throw them in Pakistan. Whoever is a Hindu, he should only support Hindus. ..D people will be Hindu if they never watch their movie.. Jai Shri Ram ll Hardcore Hindu ll
So I hate Bollywood

A band from Bihar has killed all the Bollywood girls together and today they are telling you that they will cooperate with you so that if you go to Mumbai to make a carrier, you will kill them too, Sir Sushant, what did Bollywood do? You too have become an actor to make your career, you have also gone to Mumbai to make your career, you have forgotten all the Bollywood balls, you are like a mother's father's son or daughter, because you were a mother's father's son, how much did you cry? His father will be there when he falls on his son's shoulder. In the age of Samsan, he himself has led his son into Samsan. Today all Bollywood people have become cursed.
Akshya sir there is no one like him 
Sudden death nehi mudder bol
Justice for SSR iluuuuu
We are still waiting for justice

This is all the fate of the world  You are not worthy of forgiveness I heat all 
Hum log ko sushant ko wapas laoow 

Apko log pata tha fir bhi I heat  bollywood

You did not sell the world to Sushant when you met him 
Akshay Kumar is very respected I no he is serious for Sushan Rajput case
Akshay sir, the public has stopped watching your movie and you will come on the way.
SSR love u... Fuck Bollywood

What is the truth? The media is sold out.
South ind. Se sikho

You all have made money for us, it is more expensive for us to make you all make money
Who told you that you are a star...news people
Justice for SSR

Akshay Bhai this is suicide not murder
SSR 
One hundred and thirty crore people will definitely destroy the Bollywood guy.
<a href="">#Akshay</a> Kumar, first take care of your son, he takes drugs and you will not be able to get him out of it. Death is coming for all, the ruin of Bollywood is helpless. Whoever is involved in the murder of Sushant Singh Rajput and Disha Salian will be punished. Will be hanged.
You said it right sir
Before Karan Johar was thrown out of the film industry, the public would kick him out.
Sorry sir but Bollywood is gone 

I am not happy with Sushanta Singh
Thaks akshay sir my best hero
Now what was the benefit when the cow chiriya 
Were feelings also on the script?
Keep your drama with you
I love sushant singh sir please vapas aa jao 
Why people have made Pathan blockbuster?? What&#39;s wrong with people ?? What&#39;s problem in boycotting pathan

Rip sir
Sushant kya film chalane wale dhongi hai bollywood
Akki is the biggest sell out and chamcha of the bollywood mafias and the drug rings 

Akshay sir, I respect you a lot but the few scoundrels of Bollywood should not be burnt alive in heaven and you may also hate their names.
Hello, are you calling Srk the king of Bollywood?? Who is Srk the king of Bollywood?? It's a great time, today if this human being had remained, he would have made SRK's pants wet.. No hate for SSR, WE LOST THE PRICELESS GEM.
Our brother like Sushant has been killed by dirty or despicable people like Salman Khan or any number of people have bought them all so that even such people do not come to Bollywood, what is the meaning of being in a holy country like Bharat? Sushant Bhai's style is not equal to anyone's, even in IIFA awards, he is insulting the Bhai, what do you want, Bollywood people are destroying their truth, they are insulting you, show your talent by doing this drama. Akshay sir
Pura Bollywood is intoxicated sir..... Everything is going on..... Ab Ram where will you go Akashy sir...... Bycot Bollywood will remain till % now..... Q ki raat Jo rang raliya.... Drugs party. Whatever happens, she does not hide it from anyone... Disha salian rape case or Sushant madder cases... jaisi karani waisi bharni...
These are the times in Bollywood that only outsiders should be there, not starkids. Jai shree ram
Why did Sharukh kill Susant?
Or corruption, unemployment, you will not show all this to us, we also know about everyone in a better way than you.
Tell me one thing, if we all did not make so much noise then you would have made a post just for SSR.
Now nothing can be done
Love you sushant 
Accha to sushant singh rajput ko insaf dillao

The movies before 2005 or what about them are Kamal's, even today they are ruling the world or are you watching the movies these days, are you putting your foot in the religion or are you showing anything open now? Sir, I don't know anyone who has the power to destroy me, I believe that our film industry has reduced a lot of happiness in the society, but the industry will remove the shortcomings then it will become the reality.
Huh.... Attitude of these celebrities made them so very unpopular... Web serieses are extremely popular these days because of their real and down to earth approsch

We want sushant back, do you

Drama band kar be

Tum sab boycott hojaoge ek din

Justin for mr.shushant sir ️️️
The world is changing...a lot of nepotism is prevalent in Bollywood...and in this path Salman has given only a few dialogues...everyone is left...I am the father...Salman and SRK are not the father. .bc you are old now...you are an actor now...
By bandh bc this industry produces a picture like chutya bc
Chup re zhattu
The culture of the country has been ruined.
Sushant Singh Rajput is a great man and honesty man film indrstry justice for Sushant Singh Rajput

We are big Sushant fan

Akshay ji please do less in south industry
I miss you Sushant Singh Rajput sir 
I think for SSR suicide only Bollywood personalities can not be blamed. I think for this more responsible are critic&#39;s and politician, media all are responsible equally if something like happened because of them but the matter is under investigation of CBI. So one day truth will be come out.

Really it is a nice 
Boycott Bollywood

God is taking revenge for Susanta.
WE LOVESUSANT SINGH RAJPUT SIR MISS YOU LOT
Where were you when Sush passed away. You came with this video when your movie was about to release. This is karma....pay the price

Tra movie sub flop hena power off ssr 

I never lost my life as a human being, because of the SB shediyo, or now I am on my own, why did you get scared?
Best acting ever by Canadian Kumar
Aap log isi layak hai Boycott Bollywood

Akshay Bhai, have you found out how Disha or Sushant's murder was committed together, now it is the turn of the public.
Sab log ashi haii ab Natak karna band kar dho bcz we know u guy&#39;s very well ....wt u all aree ...we need a justice for sushant singh ️️
It is your reputation that matters, not justice.
This is a publicity stunt️ Sympathy is on the way, this movie is being boycotted that's why️
Akki Sir, we all love you, but we will not watch films. All of you together prepare to buy a big lock for Bollywood. Everything is going to be boycotted. And if any Bollywood actor is cast in a South film then that film will also be a flop. It's my curse. I will continue to curse everyone until Sushant Bhai gets justice.
Justice for shushant bhai  sher Dil. King of acting world.

Bollywood has come to know Sushant, what is the matter...️🇮🇳motiv
Miss u sir 
Totally Boycott bollywood 

Justice for Sushant Singh Rajput

I have been watching South movies ever since Susant Singh Rajput was murdered.
Fuck Bollywood

Media is the only one who can give justice to SSR sir.
There is still no action against the murderer in front of everyone 
Boycott toh fix hain

Boycott continue
Justice for SSR 

Sharm kar tumhe bhi beti beta hai karma  badla .twinkle ne bohut kuch bole or  likhe hain Rhea ke trafdaari  mein .tumhara movie nhi chalta to bheek mangle ghadaar begging to Boycott  u full all mafia movies tum or apka bollywood drugs mafia bhaar mein jaaa Boycott bollywood terrorism supporters Dawood Ibrahim

Bhaad me gai aapki reputation...we only love SSR...bcoz we r SSRians ️️🇮🇳🇮🇳
Those who will boycott Bollywood or are doing so will like it...🇮🇳🇮🇳
As much as we kill Susan Singh, it does not matter to you that you are a bad man to kill the Muslim.
Fake Bollywood

Fake person

Achcha ji film to bye court, it should happen because it is Sushant Singh Rajput's case.
<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

My brother, my dream has been ruined, all the culprits should be punished, justice for my big brother SSR️
Copywood

Tum na Akshay Kumar ham lok hero nae hei koi bhe hero ko ham lok nae janta can khulke sun ham lok ka hero 1 hae wo hei ssr ssr jyndabad bakke faltu hero murdabad justice justice justice for ssr
What is love and love? You have spread the soil of our culture.
Sushant u will b loved
Dear India,You lost a gem. At least find the culprit of this murder. Shame on the people who are trying to protect the guilty.

You are zero Mr .Kumar in front of SSR...

By,by,bolybood

Bollywood did not spread anything except nakedness.
Ye bhi shaatirr ghatiya Atma h Thu
Its always been

canada kumar always changes color...chameleon
Bollywood film boycotted now 
Boycott Bollywood

I wish from my heart that the one who has been born in my mother will surely come before the world and die without fear. Come on, if you really exist, show me your power and tell me who will not be able to understand.
everything has been sold
Everything is found in CBI and doctor media and film industries
Now we will all judge you people, no matter how many films we make, be it patriotism or God's, we will not see Papiwood anymore.
Bollywood .

But everyone is crazy and can't give justice to anyone.
Justice for Sushant

Boycott this gutterwood forever

You will eat only after you put your bag on your bed or you will go to the doctor to your beloved son.
What are the values ​​of your love...First justice for SSR..
Thank akshay for not calling his death as suicide.

Fans are crying foul..Sushant's murder strangle suffocation to death, nothing is said in the matter.
Boycott dirty urduwood DrugwoodKarachiwoodPeshawarwoodKarachiwoodDawoodwoodDrugwoodNepotismwood Anti sanatana dharma woodAnti Bharatha wood
I heat  Boligood

Ab kuch nhi ho sakta hai. Totally Bollywood . Notanki nhi chalegi tumhara. <a href="">#Boycott</a>

WHY NOT JUSTICE????What culture has BOLLYWOOD shown? SAAB SOUTH INDIAN NE DIKHAYA HUMARA REAL CULTURE.️ <a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>  justice for ssr
Life time boycott Bollywood

AAP SAB KO BEKAR ME BAHOTH PYAAR DE DIYE AB VOLUNTARY RETIREMENT LE LO AUR NAYE OUTSIDERS KO JEENE DO. AAP KE BACHO KO BAHAR BEJHO KAAM KARNE , BAHOTH KAMAYA AAP SABNE AB GAMAND UTHARNA  CHAHIYE. YE NATAK BANDH KARO AUR SOUTH SE MINGLE KARNA CHOD DO , VARNA UNKE HAAL BE BOYCOTT.

<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>Justice for SSR 

Acting mt akshay smjh aai tum sb mile huve ho
What are you too, what are you, who is still asking for forgiveness, will Sushant come back by asking for forgiveness? Justice for Sushant Rajput
<a href="">2:30</a> when he start to be Begging I can&#39;t stop my LaughMan that was Hilarious

now karma hits back to bollywood.<a href="">#boycott</a> bollywood

go to bed
You all are culprit of SSR murder salo Bollywood gang walo

Full Nautanki.   FAKE....  slaps fake cases on new comers for 1cr and projects to be kind and generous

Ok

Justice for SSR

<a href="">#SRJ</a>

The entire Bollywood has lost its life.
Apna roti mat seko

Akshay sir sushant singh rajput k jagha aap ka son hota tho aap gyan pellna like bachata kiya avi
Culture ko to tum logo ne giraya hai

Justice for SSR Justice for Disha Salian Justice for jiah khan
By court Bollywood jihadi gang
Bollywood  to Khatam h kuch din mr

Bollywood fines

Can translate for me

You will sell a lot at the shop in just one day.
Why Bollywood industry still not boycott after happening all this it&#39;s a intertain cenema but now they r killing people we Indian people 2nd population in the world bt cnt take out the few monster who is in the Bollywood we r strong ly against our Bollywood industry after sushant singh rajput dead now we want boycott Bollywood 

He is the biggest liar in the world, who does anything for money. He had sworn that he would never do any Gutka advertisement, but when Gutka sellers threw money in his face, he ran away. Chutiya, I would say a better meto than this, crores of times, well, Sandeep is Maheshwari, for whom money does not matter even a little, Akshay is 0 (zero) in front of Sandeep.
Sweet talks can&#39;t hide Truth

No it&#39;s trueYour talking style tell us your lying character

Jaan Nisar Hai - Tribute to Sushant Singh Rajput<a href="">

What&#39;s point ppl still ask roles if they see movies

We want justice for <a href="">#ssr</a> <a href="">#cbi</a>

<a href="">#bycot</a>Nepotism sir
Where is the justice of SSR sir? Bring justice, the story is in front of you, everyone has a lease, so do it!!!!!! Even the audience is not able to take any step.
Dogle Akshay Boycott bollywood
Sushant  singh miss you 

There is a line bahubali film spoken by dev sena &quot;ek dust ke atiyachar sai jyada ek sajjan ke moun rajiya ke liye hanikarak hota hai&quot;       This line is suitable here

These motherfuckers came out brother.
Sushant singh rajput ko

Your people have killed me
Mr. Canada kumar never fails to impress with his crocodile tears.

Tere mukh me jutte or chopol MacungieMurder tum log ne mara ssr koh
How did you spread our culture dear by saying going to vaishnavi is waste of money.



One dicision ony dicision boycott the  bollywood movies

Gatiya chor kumar... u ve 2 sons I want god tumko bhi 14 june 2020 dekhye. Kyuki tere face se saaf dekhta hai tu itna involved hai <a href="">#SushantSinghRajput</a> sir ke murder case m gatiya <a href="">#Bollywood</a> koi pain nh koi emotions nh kyuki us aage m tera koi jaala nh!!  karma plz apko sach pata hai plzzz help us in <a href="">#justicesushantsinghrajput</a> &amp; <a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>    ((guys if u ve loving family and emotionals to ap Bwgang ka sach or iss chor kumar ka sach dekh paogye)) plz support guys in <a href="">#JUSTICE4SSR</a>

Miss u Sushant 
I love sushant bhai 
We love you Akshay sir but how can we get over the fact that sushant singh rajput death was not just a suiside it was a planned murder We miss him he was a genuine person we have literally saw his efforts  how can we ignore this but sir we love don&#39;t get upset you are a great human being 

Sala juthaa kamina neither respects the fans nor keeps them clean.
RIP sucide Singh Rajput

If your insanity is gone then what should you do to others like you then I will follow your path.
Sir you are right

Akshay sir ap se umeed nhi thi ab ap acche bn rhe ho pehle kya drama tha

To Please sushant ko inshaf dilao wo hi ek Bollywood ke badshah the 

Nikal chutiye boycott h tu 
Of course boycott Bollywood movie&#39;s Boycott Bollywood industry

Akshay you are a poor actor....

Hamko ee faltu bate nahi chahiye only Justice for Sushant Sing

Sorry Akshay sir for the one who killed Sushant bhaiya.
Bhikari Akshay
There is no shame on Bollywood guys, no one is supporting Sushant's murder.
Bull shit... He&#39;s been friends with ppl like sajid Khan and a man is known by the company he keeps..itni takleef hai to jaake Thackeray se puccho

Boycott Pathaan

He was better than a few people, that is why he has given this order.
What year did we kill one star?
Justic for sushanth sing rajputh solution by cottbollyhood movies especially (you know that) jai sri ram 
Bollywood is like the Mirage. It will never fulfill quench of the thirsty.

RIP SUSHANT SINGH RAJPUT
When can we make Bollywood, we can also make Meetha and Mita Denge?
Are you able to share this app with Sushant or let all these people think to you?
This man himself is not even an Indian citizen. Because he kept talking about the knowledge of us people..
Never mafi nahi dhunga
We lost respect on you Canadian Kumar ji, you are very cunning, even in this vehicle you are not afraid of Sushant's death, all these people are playing drama on you in the name of your movies.
It is true that Akshay Sir, we feel you are wrong but what you have done is our only statement. Often, we Rajasthani people are our Sushant Singh Rajput, then why is there such a need to dissect him and take death, but we believe this. This cannot happen, good sir, you have also not supported me in this and good sir, this is what I have to say to you, Akshay Kumar ji, our point is that when you signed Sushant Singh Rajput's MS Dhoni, then why did you take part in it? I have m.s. You do Dhoni movie in full in 1 year, 4G does Holi special, G Rajput's one movie in 1 year and Karan Johar's Dekho Karan, what is God to you and you keep moving forward, you are God, everything is Karan, you are ahead.
Canadian Kumar, the hypocrite log who supported Shushant Singh Rajput while he was alive, remains a shadow in the film industry, he is the main one who does not give in to depression, no one can kill him so easily...
I keep reading but the pain is getting worse.
Boycott Bollywoodtu sale Jubaan kesri bol ab...Tu kitna acha he ye bhi me dil pe rkh ke bolte hai...
Bollywood is just crap ! Bc sare nautanki baaz hai

phele ise bycot karo
Pehle tum galti karte ho or phir hamse bhik mangte ho ab tumhari aokat Tum batayenge desh ke log Bhaio phenkh do bolliwood ko  Miss you Sushant Singh 

Juctice for Shushant Singh Rajput
Boycott bollywood 
SSR

Bycott Bollywood

Same boycott
Boycott bollywood film 

Boycott  bollywood  film  don&#39;t  watch them film they are murder and bastard they kill  SSR.

Sir, he is with Sushant Singh, he is not with any actor, sir, what did people do with him, you all must have seen in the video, hot not kill, what question was answered and what was beaten, you must have seen Sahrukh Khan and Shahid both on the stage. You can't see anything by doing it with another actor, it doesn't matter to you, it's okay, it's okay.
Don&#39;t try to be very smart fraud Akshay Kumar

Justice for Sushant Singh Rajput Boycott Bollywood

Justice for sushant Singh rajput 

We don't care about Sushant but you log us and boycott us. Akshy Kumar is the same.
who is acting?my eyes or your face?

Akshay ji also added pan masala after this?
where are you ssr fans?
we love SSR ️
No sushant  no  Bollywood

here also acting
Do everything, and say such dialogues...
SSR

Why will you live my heart?
Susant ji did not get justice.
Miss you world Shushant Singh rajput 

Why has Akshay Kumar become a Canadian citizen??
sab chor bicott all actor and actors director, producer, karan johar, khans, kapoor all

Had you thought so much, you would not have promoted Pan Masala.
You both eat Bimal pan masala and eat Raj Niwas...there is no need for you to make a film...
We want to  finished Bollywood. If you want to save Bollywood stop first hatrate  hindutwa Hinduism. And Remove all khan gang.

Boycott Bollywood finish  Bollywood.

Bollywood ne Hindustan culture ki wat laga di hai. There is monopoly and nepotisms hai.

Akshay u r saying this ..it is showing great courage.. but we will never forget our brother (Sushant) ... boycott Bollywood

chal re bollywood n you also sucks. bollywood go to hell

Bolo juba kesari
You are empty nesters and nothing is left for the mother of the society.
Sab Bollywood wale chutiya h sale in sb logo ne hi sushant se movie chin Li isiliye wo dipression me gya

The story is very easy, sir, the scene is very difficult, where I am forced to know.
After seeing Hindu religion and Islam religion being neglected in bollywood, sometimes Hindu religion and Islam religion are being made fun of, but then only Bollywood people are anti national.
Depression is very dangerous. No one cares about the person who comes to me.
<a href="">

Bollywood has fallen due to nepotism
Boycott the sins of Bollywood

Haha  abi Aya sale laine me bollywood actress

Self proclaimed stars***... nobody want to see you people nowadays.

Susant singh hamare her hai or rahenge we miss you susant sir

Media maha chutiya
bollywood boycott forever till SSR gets justice. all these are asshole liars. they under estimated the power of common people of India, now its time to get rid of all these motherfuckers from the industry

Sushant k hatyare Aditya Thackeray se dosti h iski, sushant ki ms dhoni bhi cheene ki kosis ki thi isne, aur sushant ka gazet usne corona k liye bnaya tha to uska bhi credit isne liya.

I hate bollywood

Hat boycott Bollywood
You make films for your income and reduce the count for the country. Sala Vimal sells Vimal
What is acting? What is acting?
We did not know whether it was right or wrong, we only found out that Boycott Bollywood 
I hate you 
Mere favorite hero the aap Akshay Kumar ji pr ab nafrat krti hu m samjhe
Nhi samjh me aata to mt boliye bhar me jaiye
He will first kill Salman Khan and then talk about it.
I hated by you

I am so angry that I am so angry that you said this 2 years ago.
Sushant ko father la de chutiya itna dam h to
Why did you come in front of me?
Dog is still feeling bad
One decison boycott boycott justice for SSR
You are also wrong and so is your Bollywood… By killing Bakchodi, you have already made us believe and how much more will we make. Because of your descendants, we have not been able to get any good star till today because you people do not let anyone come. yes...and secondly look at your video status which the man said earlier that I will never add anything to the main box......you are the same as my brother because you have removed your previous film. See its box office.....And from now on it will also go to Bollywood.
Bollywood Boycott is a habit of insulting or insulting Hindu Dharma, that is why Bollywood has become an excuse to wake up Hindustani people...️🇮🇳🇮🇳️️
Because what he is saying is that he himself is not an Indian who will go to Dubai if some move flops, his nation will check, what he is saying is he is an Indian 
Boycott these people now and improve now, these people are running the business of their children, this is just a script for many years  we need to take action  <a href="">#justis</a> for SSR @miss u bhai
Make a video about gang pimp Mukesh Chhabra <a href="">#bol_bollywood</a>Public will know many truths..
Sushant sir should get justice, please tell me, I am not that talented in your Bollywood.
Go 2 hell akshay...bol to bollywood ki boli rahe ho.karte raho south remake.

Vishwaas what are you doing now just boycott it?
Will you come to my rescue due to SSR?
Bhai tum logo ne to is desh ki traditions ko hi barbaad kar diya,is chaplusi ko apne pass rakho ,ab tum logo ka time aa gaya

Buycutt Bullywood
Bhai khud ko bachane aaya tha

Boycott bollywood

Hey Akshay Kumar, where did you die? Why were you not saying anything when Sushant Singh Rajput was being investigated by CBI?
Boycott b hum karenge tu sala flop actor bakchodi band kr
The main part of our country's culture has become plastic in the last few years.
Ssr bhaiya agar tollywood main hote to bahat achha hota

With Natunki, Akshay Kumar, all of you have started singing 
Akshay Kunar is a useless a and pathetic individual who is reading off a script. Can’t speak clearly ONLY about Sushant but brings in the topic of narcotics. This video is actually a shame to its very existence that ppl unfortunately haven’t seen the truth in it

By killing a gang of cow dung, by killing a dog, it will not kill everyone, even the chicks, everyone's time has come, no matter what attitude you show today, one day everyone will die.
Your.muh.me.jale..lage.hue.hai.khan.geng.valo
Tum.sab.ki.bajadege.sanatani.bahut.dukh.diya.booliwud.valo.ne.har.har.mahadev
Sushant singh jindabad
Boycott bollywood

Sushant sir we all love you  and miss you

 roji roti band hoti dikh Raji to gidgidarahe...
You are very good when you leave and show them your truth.
sorry, but time has come to end. Bollywood must be boycotted. Not because of nepotism, drugs etc etc, but because of propeganda which it follows.

Boycott bollywood

The best acting master is y canadian
Come on fool, the knowledge of nonsense is playing out...Vimal sell.
It&#39;s too late

No movie will be played
Boycott Bollywood boycott actress
Get our sushant singh rajput who has been murdered by bollywood
Miss you Sushant Singh Rajput sir 
Sir ab tumpar vishwas ni ha, Tumhara kaam hain acting jo tuum kar rhe ho video mei b, lekin acting ki chehra ka chehra hum dekh liya ha (<a href="">#boyycottbollywood</a>
Sushant is no suside he is murder 

Bollywwod All movie boycott. All actors pe mutr visrjan

Bang Akshay Kumar movie all his friends movie if you love sushant singh

Where's the drama?
Bahiskar Bollywood
I always miss you Sushant. You remain as you are. I wish this
Boycott Bollywood ️
Tum sab ek hi thali ke chatte batte ho.ab Boycott ho raha he isiliye samne aaya

See anime anime is much much better than Bollywood

Always boycott bollywood and log nautanki hai sare kisi ne use log liye to get justice kya koi kuch bhi khi sab huye log hai
You are a bitch, you don't care about anyone, you can do anything for money, boycott Bollywood.
Boycott bollywood

What can I say about the murder of Sushant Singh Rajput?
bloody salman and karan alia will pay the price.

There should be some Film related award in his name.

He is reading, look at his eyes

It&#39;s been 2yrs of sushant&#39;s death, still  crying for him

Right bhaiya

SSR is still being defamed even after killing him.
Yes sir
harshvardhan rane is the new SSR, talented actor being sidelined by bollywood despite talent and looks.

Sushant you are missed

Must see Salman Khan's bad luck
In the matter of Sushant sir, why no one from Bollywood has come in front, it is true that no one has come in front of him, it is as if he will join Hindi cinema and bring you up but Bollywood will have to be boycotted.
Aap Log Baton Mein Wale Nahi Wale Hai Hindustan
I&#39;m not setishfied my Indian media work about sushant rajput mardr Mistri

I love SSR,and want justice for him 

This is why I like Akshay Kumar.. he is best actor as well as a good human being and he is the guy who is really doing something for society through his movies n income.. really he is a gem ..  Most entertainer actor of Bollywood..He is self made artist unlike many big actors n actresses who talks about their struggle....He can understand SSR condition...We should support real artists like Nawazuddin, Akshay, john ibraham, Siddharth Malhotra, ranveer singh ,Pankaj Tripathi, Rajkumar rao, ayushman khurana..Please support these artists don&#39;t let them lost....

Why were you silent all these days? Today you are speaking like this in the main audience action. Who is the one who is pressurizing for whom not only the voice of others was the main support block of Sushant. Now everyone has woken up. .
You said a lot of bad things, sir, I am not going to tell you that you are not going to stay ️️
Flop actor....tom cruise mat bano

Bycoot, bycoot, bycoot, bycoot, bycoot, bycoot, bycoot, bycoot, bycoot

Akki sir is one of the best actor in Bollywood ️️️️
Listen, Akshay Bhai, who knows that you should not eat the money of Bollywood and Hollywood, Bhai, tell me how to make Sushant look like Varna, friend...
Akshay Kumar is my favourite actor but for saving our culture and ofcourse justice for sushant the only solution is Boycott Bollywood , so sorry sir but that line exist that &quot; gaehoon ke saath ghun bhi pista hai &quot;.

Sala bollywood me aise hi sab jhuthe log bhare pade waqt aane pr public ke samne bhik mangenge aur nhi to sushant singh jaise kabil actor ko niche daba kr chale jayenge inka ghr chlana chiye bs inki income rukni nhi chiye.....

A destitute human being, I remember you after a year, Sushant is senseless.
Drugs is a legal matter ,,askhay Kumar,,

Why are you talking, Papa?
<a href="">#BoycottBrahmastra</a><a href="">#BoycottBollywoodCompletely</a><a href="">#BoycottAliaBhatt</a><a href="">#BoycottRanbirKapoor</a><a href="">#BoycottKaranJohar</a>

Now the public society has become... because of Shushant Singh Rajput, his death didn't seem natural for two years until his death... it seemed like a day to a man... but a man from the industry kept his mouth shut.. ..because the life of many new comers has been ruined due to money laundering due to mafia's involvement...how much talent has not been allowed to come forward...be it music, singing...actor...actress. ho....casting couch....and drugs were involved in the pretext of covering the stretch...we were forced to make beds to give food....and even today only naganta aslilata deviates from the Indian culture. ..hi asilata...the entire young generation is ashamed to watch it with their parents...such films...no one is true...only one Kapoor's vulgar comedy...and only those who choose few films... That too is NAQLI...after all why support the industry that created such a world...it is right that it has collapsed...why accept a 55 year old actor with a 25/30 year old heroine. ...live in reality....break up .....2 nd affair ....3 Rd affair ...here sab dikha ki aaj hindu .....sanatani family ko badad ne ka kaam kiya hai...is the industry...sin's attempt on theft from uppar...ched in thali...stop in promotion of spring films...people have seen all this in kashmir files.. ..now you will have to suffer its consequences...no matter how much you try...whatever you have done...you will have to suffer its consequences...I have seen this. Sushant Singh Rajput said that Bollywood will Collapsed one day....And you were on the rampwalk asking your wife to unzip your pant, where did you go to any film or acting... shameless mind....  %
Now Everyone need to see this ....

Jhooth said Sala
go to canada bs ho
too late bro!!!! boycott bollywood industry !!! justice for Sushant Singh Rajput!!!

The obly option is let this industry collapse....... Don&#39;t go to theatre to watch their movies..... Plz thos is right time to let them identify who the public is...

Bycott the Bollywood....

bollywood boycott ........ bht galt kiya H .. ssR k sath...

Boycot all movies was direct or by any actor who make sushant die

It was not said before but it is being said now.. after two years of Sushant's demise. bullshit
Boycott bollywood.. boycott, boycott, or Only boycott... Raksha bandhan, LSC  <a href="">2:12</a>  .. kutto tumara yahee haal hoga.. boycott bollywood

still no one suport you

Boycott this shit

He is biggest liar

Bollywood bycot

Buycoat for ssr
This too is a year no. there is a discount of 1
Sir, in the film, he has spoiled the country in the sense that the result is that film, he feels sorry for the actions of others, he blames all these Sikhs because of the film, he has requested the government to put a ban on this film. At the end of the film, Saint Rampal Ji taught us to follow the sacred path of Maharaj, so evil will go away, thanks to him.
You are a big hypocrite, I hate selfish people like you... 
He is a very bad person . When Sushant family needed support where was he. I will never watch his movie.

Great @Artist

Bollywood movies actor and actress will be boycotted so don&#39;t take effort to convince or justify has innocent SSR real hero

Loveda
We destroyed bollywood sushant

Boycott Akshay Kumar movie rakshabandhan
His eyes tell his purity love you akki sir forever

Bycott bollywood industry

I love sushan singh rajput

Boycott Bollywood

It&#39;s not a death it&#39;s cold-blooded murder

Pad ke bol rehe hSee his eyes carefully

Km se km bola tha isne kuch

If the mistake had been rectified earlier, this day would not have come. Now the films will definitely be boycotted. Jai Shri Ram 
He not committed suicide it&#39;s murder We miss you sushant sir Justice for sushant singh rajput
Justice for sushant singh rajput
Crawl back under the stone you crawled out from! It&#39;s all about me,   myself and I when it comes to you. Why didn&#39;t you speak out when Shushant was killed? Why now? Cause Bollywood is going under and that&#39;s not because of Shushant. It was because Bollywoodians killed him and never once thought after what would happen. Basically you all shot yourselves in your foot! Shame because Shushant would have made billions for Bollywood.

Hme Sushant Singh Rajput ka justice chahiye

Tum Sushant Singh Rajput se jalte nahi the per Muslim Hero ne Mara hai

From Pavitra Rishta I know Him From there I became a big fan of him From Singapore 🇸🇬 I never miss his shows 

Justice for Sushant singh rajput and Disha salian.

Konse culture ko phuchya

Yah dramabaz akshay kumar
Sushant Rajput was the life of Bollywood, now his life is gone, now Bollywood is dead, everything is a moving body.
Bollywood gaya ab,
Final decision &quot;bycott&quot;
Actors will always act, even when trying not to act.It&#39;s all an act in the end.Ssr,  waaheguru ji ka khlasa

Now Whole World done Boycott Bollywood

Bollywood is no more

SSR ️just boycott bolly
Hats off to yu Akshay Kumar!! Much appreciated and saluted !

chal be

Sushant Singh Rajput 
Bulshit, you are crawling to public for money. Forget drugs we want justice for Shushant Singh Rajput. Yes we made Bollywood and we will destroy Bollywood demons since you killed SSR and many more innocent stars

Missing you ssr
Chal chuna mat laga
Miss you legend
Akchaya kumr just promoting himself he don&#39;t wanna talk about shushant sir India sucks
Bro don&#39;t put fake thumbnail

Huh fane nd footage chahiye in stars ko or kuch nhi

We will never accept u guys again. Bollywood died on 14th June 2022. GOODBYE

Bollywood is the best place where people live the most.
Abay nikal chutiye...jab support ki jarurat tha tab kidhar tha...ab kyun bol rha hey..Public ney jeb dhila kar diya kya....<a href="">#justie</a> for SSR

I am from South, I don&#39;t even know who he was but I felt him as real Dhoni in MS Dhoni film... Bollywood people are hypocrites and liars... These people are responsible for his death... They killed him... Karan Johar madharchod with Nepo-kids directly destroyed his career... One can see this in his Coffee with Karan show...

You all are same, vimal kha better

Love u akshay sir
What he does in video, is just making emotional blackmail to all... Boycott means Boycott... No exceptions.. <a href="">#JusticeForSushantSinghRajput</a> <a href="">#302InSSRCase</a> <a href="">#BoycottBollywood</a> <a href="">#BoycottBollywoodEndorse</a>

Sir, doesn't your son take drugs in London? You are my role model love  from Veerganj; Nepal🇳🇵
<a href="">#justices</a> for sushant 
The death of SSR WE don&#39;t like your industry  no matter how much we try, we can&#39;t support bollywood

Everyone is creating drama for his film Sushant, when he used the tab, no one came in front of him to save him, now he is not there, today he has come in a good way to talk to everyone, he is a Ghatiya star, his film is very good. Whose is Rati? Sushant is like no other, he is the best actor and will never remain so.
Justice for our beloved...Sushant Singh Rajput...he opened everyone&#39;s eye, love n blessings to the divine soul! <a href="">#justiceforsushantsinghrajput</a>

Tell me kesari 
Why is Akshay Kumar getting hate he never disrespected sushant Singh at all

Tuhme feel to hua

It was very good and appreciated by one and all of our INDIAN CITIZENS sir!!!! But,like you said for the sake of one or more Rotten eggs, the whole lot of the Bollywood industry has become and made to be Rotten eggs!!!!! So! This has to Stop now!!!! With all the corruption&#39;s that is happening in the whole of the Bollywood industry! DRUGS, CHILD TRAFFICKING, PROSTITUTION, UNDER WORLD MAFIA&#39;STGE ( MAFIA GANGSTER  ) INCLUDING GOVT TOP OFFICAL HEAD&#39;S WHO ARE ALSO AMONGST THE CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES AND DEATH OF THESE INNOCENT LIVES WHICH HAVE BEEN TAKEN FROM THEM,FOR NO GOD DAM REASON! WHY???????? NOTHING IS EVER BEEN DONE ABOUT THESES ANIMAL&#39;S,DARK WICKED DIJUSTING THIRD GRADED EVIL SOUL&#39;S LIVING ON THIS PLANET EARTH AND DOING ALL THESE EVIL THING&#39;S FOR FAME NAME MONEY PLEASURE!!!!! THE ONLY PERSON WHO CAN STOP THESE CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES IN INDIA IS <a href="">MR.PM</a> MODI JI SIR! . IT&#39;S TIME ALL THESE CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES STOP IN OUR COUNTRY AND GIVE OUR CITIZENS SAFETY AND PEACE ️️,JE HAS TO BRING THIS RULE OUT, LIFE IMPRISONMENT AND DEATH SENTENCE FOR EVERY SINGLE PERSON WHO ARE HAND IN GLOVE AND ARE ENCOURAGING THIS UNDER WORLD MAFIA&#39;STGE MAFIA GANGSTER INCLUDING GOVT TOP OFFICAL HEAD&#39;S WHO ARE INVOLVED! EVERYONE OF US,OUR INDIAN CITIZENS NEEDS SECURITY AND JUSTICE FOR THESE POOR SOUL&#39;S LIVES WHICH HAS BEEN TAKEN DUE TO MONEY, JEALOUSY,FAME, NAME!!! THIS CORRUPTION HAS TO STOP AND NOW,PM MODI JI HAS TO PROVE THAT HE HAS TAKEN THE RESPONSIBILITY TO BE DONE WITH THIS CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES! PROVE TO THE DEAD AND THE WHOLE WORLD THAT INDIA IS DIFFERENT AND WILL CHANGE THIS LIFESTYLE IN INDIA! THIS JUST CANNOT CONTINUE FOR THE NEXT SEVERAL GENERATIONS!!!! WHICH HAS BEEN HAPPENING!!!!! STOP CRIME IN INDIA, INCLUDING GOVT TOP OFFICAL HEAD&#39;S, WHICH IS A VERY VERY BIG DISGRACE AND VERY CHEAP AND SHAMEFUL!!!! The POOR GET POORER, RICH GET RICHER AND THE MIDDLE CLASS GET BASHED UP EACH AND EVERY CORNER!!!! STOP DRUGS CHILD TRAFFICKING PROSTITUTION UNDER WORLD MAFIA&#39;STGE MAFIA GANGSTER!!!! GIVE THEM STRICT PUNISHMENT!!!!! LIFE IMPRESIOMENT AND DEATH SENTENCE FOR THEIR CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES!AND INDIA WILL BE THE BEST EXAMPLE IN THE WHOLE WORLD,AND WE INDIAN CITIZENS WILL BE SOOO PROUD OF OUR COUNTRY AND OUR PRIME MINISTER MR.MODI JI SIR!!!!! MONEY OR ANYTHING CANNOT BRING BACK THE DEAD AND THE HURT WHICH HAVE BEEN CAUSED TO THE FAMILIES OF THE INNOCENT,GOOD,( MURDERED ) DEAD SOUL&#39;S!!!!! PRAYERS FOR SSR DISHA AND OTHER LIVES THAT HAVE BEEN TAKEN FROM THEM FOR NO REASON OF THEIRS!!!! RIP!!!! JUSTICE WILL BE SERVED!!!

Here after watching sushants work.. so difficult to believe it is lost due to politics in this bollywood industry

Saare bdnamm ho ap phle toh kuch nhi bole sushant k lie

Justice for SSR

Don't show u bloody hell bollywood mapia akshay kumar paachiz din mei double hoga
<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

Bc tum sab tegle ho Bollywood bale MC , Bollywood bole apne bahan or betiyo to Naked dikhana to may aunga dekhne bc

Akahay Kumar is a blatant opportunist

Never. If you had supported Sushant, people would have made you sit on the sky. But now sit down only.
Khatron Ke Khiladi Akshay Kumar Justice should be done
Aise baton me sst supporters or ssr warriors nahi ayenge iske lie bt no justice to ssr SO GANG OF CULPTITS SHOULD BE ARREST ND SENTENCECE FOR ATLEAST JAILED
You are a slave of Bollywood kya what culture is created by you all the world knows that the whores of Bollywood don't suck anything but stop giving knowledge of faltu i heat bollywood
The best Bollywood star for the sushant singh rajput  I miss you ssr

But sir ab bollywood chutiya ho gaya because all bollywood stars do drugs business.
<a href="">#bycottbullywoodians</a>

Brother please give me justice now
They are begging now,, few stars are thinking that nobody created them no public can make &amp; destroy them,, y don&#39;t you stop those actors to pass such comments,,, boycott those actors but u guys are encouraging those attitude bearing actors,,,, mehnat nai chaiyye aap Indian ho ye yaad rakhiye or stop corrupting people,, drug underworld, murder can u do that,,,. Say the truth tell us about SSRs death truth,, how u message @5:00am in 14th morning about SSR death,,, whats the mystery of His death,,, tell us about Aryan Khan,  Suraj Pancholi &amp; his father,, Salman Khan the criminal,,, how we can c ur movies whom we idolized once they r bottom to toe corrupt inside out,, know only money no ethics left<a href="">#BoycottBollywoodCompletely</a>

Shushant miss you like this 
️ Salman Khan and Rhea Chakraborty, Shahid Kapoor and Sharukh Khan Khan and many other scoundrels are included ️ We will not let all their movies run at the box office ️ Will boycott Sushant Singh Rajput's Wolves, we will take revenge for death.
Double eyes
Disha Salian's case is no less. Aditya said, that old kuldhrohi had raped Disha.
SALA !!, he&#39;s reading of a script. Check his eyes, he&#39;s a bloody liar

SUSHANT is watching

What kind of hard work do you people do?...How much did your media criticize SSR?
He has been forced to commit emotional torture.
SSR ko kyun Mara be tum logo ne....unka  film bhi chhina...

This is what a stupid society is saying to us...why don't you tune in like this when you say that SSR is being insulted by Bollywood people...you know how to take advantage of this empty situation.
SSR jab jinda the unko kitna insult Kiya be tumhi kutto kimoino ne ab bhutkto..boycottbollywood..

There is no negativity. The truth has surfaced and that seems like negativity. Bollywood has no emotions. Bollywood equals talent, beauty, no talent as well, money, drugs, competition, jealousy, underworld. SSR was eliminated by wrong means. We have made bollywood but then SSR was undone by you. So much insecurity of bollywood. SSR is going to live forever in our hearts and mind and this can&#39;t be undone.

What do you want Akshay Kumar to say,,, don't talk about saaf seedhi movie mafia,,, even you don't have the courage,,, then keep your knowledge to yourself in such a sensitive matter,,, <a href=""># ssr</a>aryans
Only South industry ka film blockbuster hoga abbbb blooywood industry movie band

Blooywood industry only nepotism

we want Justice for ssr

Bollywood is going to the gutter. So he acts in the advertisements. Very clever fellow!

Boycott bollywood

Justice should be given to Sushant Singh Rajput Bhai.
Boycott Bollywood 

He is very smart in fact whenever his movies flop he comes and joins with audience .in many cases vimal ad and now after prithviraj got flop he is very smart .

Filmen flop hui toh abb aa Gaye samne .jab uski death hui Tabb kahan chupe thae tum sabhi .he was murdered .he was not a drugee ok you .mind it  .I from that day don&#39;t watch movies .

You all know. Today's films are not going on so much. What was said when our Sushant died, there will be a boycott of it now and then add that a big life has been played, no harm should be done. Should Karna be added to the gut?
You want women nude or half nude It&#39;s not an indian cultureNo religion permit it

You gave country and people obscenity, sex , illegal contract before marriage (love) .You promote all these things.And many lover who commit these activities they get bed results.Boys and girls due to love ( illegal contract before marriage) commit suicid ,they die or they are died by people due to love( illegal contract before marriage), You promote love( illegal affair before marriage) It ruins the carier of students ,it is ruining the societies.You are selling these types of things only for your stomach.You should not do it.Be religious On day or the other all are bound to die.So try to understand and don&#39;t make money by selling all this as usual.

Where did he accept that Sushant was boycotted by Bollywood? Kuch bhi thumbnail chipkaate ho views ke liye....

Miss you shushant you are a legend tum hamesha hamare sath rahoge hamare dil me

<a href="">#Hate</a> khans of Bollywood

Kon hai  bycott Bollywood charsi Bollywood

Akhay Vaya love you bro . You&#39;re right  But we need justice for SSR and Disha case . Please.

Boycott boliwood

Sushant Singh Rajput...... Who was murdered in that tub... Akshay Kumar
Celebrities full of of lies ..we love sushan sigh .

After death of sushan,  i never watch hindi muvies i love english muvies .

Bolywood loser
Lamba ad

Bollywood is only for Muslims, now even in us few Hindus are sitting, are you not sitting quietly, are there any heroes of Bollywood, they say that we have considered ourselves many stars, are we not? Show us by doing star bands, show how much. There is a dam in the public, you will not watch any movie, there is no money to earn, there is no one to eat in it, there is no need to become a hero.
Achcha Sir, I want to say that when the religious place in our country became like this, when Gulshan Kumar's movie started running religious propaganda, he was also killed, FIR came, Sushant Singh is the only hero of our Bihar, he also means, the Bollywood people are very mean. I have finished them so much that I understand that Bollywood actresses think that no man can become a hero but man has more talent than you but you have opened a website and are sitting in your name. What do you want to say by forcing me? I want to say that I have not watched any Bollywood movie, it's okay to have as many heroes as I can, I have started a watermelon business.
U r verry good actor wawawawa

Justice for SSR

It would be better if we did the month. During this time, please understand the condition of Sushant. When some people of your film world are in trouble. Satya rahe the. Why did you use the tab? Sushant was new to the film world. You are too old. Understand why you use it. What is right and what is wrong. If you do like this, today Sushant will be with everyone.
Kya mehnat karenge pruthviraj jaise movie ko to thik se bana nahi paye

Hi akshay kumar please justice for sushanth



Speak your tongue Kesri! Saala double dholki live pe Itni balchodi Dera h drugs pe fir good news me ganja kyu promote kar tha aur ab guthka
Your wife&#39;s insensitivity is mind blowing..sirji   1st ask her as a journalist to be human and and as a human little just little humble..then teach the world..

Justice for ssr...

Justice for SSR. Boycott Bollywood

So Vimal, why do you ask me to eat...don't be a hypocrite...the truth is the truth, don't panic, everything will be fine...
Can you bring back Sushant Singh Rajput? And now why are you saying sorry, the livelihood has stopped, hence, an artist from a small town was moving ahead after seeing everyone's competition, this is the true talent which was not seen from you people. Why didn't you raise your voice at that time? And look at his performance, he closed the shop for all of you while leaving. You all spread in front of him.Rajeev Bhatia Sir Ji Jai Hind.
there is no more culture has been shown in Bollywood we cant watch a hind movie with family very few movies are watchable.

Justice for Susan singh 
Sir why are you late? Is it still morning for you? Did you understand after leaving someone?
By promoting guthka ad!!!
It was jabankesari
Ab samajh aa jayega Bollywood walo ko ye ssr ka shrap hai Maine to ssr ke death ke baad Maine Bollywood ki movie&#39;s dekhna band kar di

You son of a dog, he killed our star SSR 
Hattt chal hattt
Why are you sad that you yourself killed Susan?
Sushant was very talented person n we miss uuuu

This expectation from you was not there Akshey Kumar
Boycott Bollywood
The death of the legend is not its murder which is not known to any talent age because of these brainchilds.
just watch the show and watch the money
Now even this beeg has started falling in love.
Don&#39;t to watch bollywood movies anymore. No one stood for Sushant. All r selfish. Love u Sush......Justice for SSR

Akshay Kumar Boycott #AkshayKumar
Boycott Bollywood until they apologies SSR death until they start respecting our culture.

Sushant bhai was insulted so much by Shahrukh Khan on the stage, people got very angry with us, people got very angry with Shahrukh Khan because of today's bad Shahrukh Khan's film picture, nothing is ever seen, Hain Sushant bhai is like a hero. No one knows who barks like a dog.
Most dual faced actor

Go out, don't talk unnecessarily. chutiya sale ssr ke birudh jate eh pesa eh na buut hogya
Why did it happen?
We can&#39;t forget Shushant Singh Rajpoot and what bollywood did with him, so much insulated by bollywood, his soul was not in peace and he woke up all people who were sleeping, his soul will not rest in peace until all criminals put behind bars 

You will feel like watching Bollywood... This is a strange thing.
Boycott Bollywood

Ssr only bollywood star no khan

sushant is the best.we all love you ssr.

Bollywood is crazy 
Brother, now we have to see how to do justice to Sushant, it will be true that those who started PR will come true. miss you jaan.
Brother, keep making SSR videos like this, give justice to Abhi sir please justice for SSR miss you Jaan ️
Oscar level acting wowStop doing these kind of video.. public knows the truth

chup salay.. tum  mafia  log...bohot gamande  he.. jap tum ko fame n money n house n car mil  gaya .. sala tum  log apana ko samaz ta ka he..I Don care whether you work hard to become a successful  actor.. if you Don have genuine n generous in your hrt. your hard work n money n fame has no value. if this  zanta Don watch your movie.. you won get money n fame..

Now its peak time nt to trust bollywood

Tu bol zuba kesri
Talk like it was not murder..

Shut up Panchvi fails
Your majority movie copied from famous international movie, and you pretending you representing Indian culture, 70 % bollywood movie never represents Indian cultures, they are destroying actually,

Single boy attitude

We Don&#39;t Support Bollywood We  Only Support Indian Cinema , Jai Hind 🇮🇳

14th June 2022 And Still SSR Hasn&#39;t Got Justice Yet .<a href="">#JusticeForSushantSinghRajput</a><a href="">2:02</a> you just defended yourself

If you have built it, now you will destroy it also. Apart from Kashmir Files, I have not watched even a single Hindi movie in 5 years. Canada Kumar, your career is over now. Karan Johar, Mahesh Bhatt, Salman Shahrukh will all be eliminated. The sigh of crores of people will not go in vain. U all are done for! Sushant Singh will not come back, but you guys now get busy frying pakodas.
Aaabee, this Akshay Bhosdike bastard Gutka Kumar has been selling us all for money...
Yeahi baat shushant k tym m bolte n harmkhor ji please unko justice mile apne dogle Bollywood k. Log ko

World Anti Nepotism Day 14 June second anniversary

Chutya actor is trying to become cool now. It is known that you are doing a lot for people's money. SSR os love 
This is 2nd death anniversary of sushant Singh rajput but no justice for him

Sushant Bhai 
How fake he looks while speaking

Akshay my advice don&#39;t comment anything or talk about SUSANT now it&#39;s too late. People don&#39;t dislike you, but if you keep making comments you might not be as likeable as you are now. So try to stay quite.

sorry Akshay it&#39;s little too late for the response. There&#39;s nothing you can do or say now. Bollywood is HISTORY now. I don&#39;t even watch Indian movies anymore. Sushant is gone and Bollywood is gone with him. You should have awoken up when it happened, now you see that no Susant no bollywood so you want to express your feelings really. Your wife has enough money start another business. Bollywood is done. No Khan no Kapoor no Kumar get it

Aay bhi to apne liye sala dogla Bollywood......Phle se kha gye the ab shushant singh ka date ho gya to aake bakchod kr rhe ho.....Drugs lete ho to kya bolega ki nhi lete ho.....pura Bollywood durgers hai....i hate Bollywood..

Well said akshay sir, we are with you

Bhag benchod tu vimal khar or me kr or teri film's sirf bc Andh Bhagt hi dekh rhe hai Or yeh Andh Bhagt hi desh ko ek din duba denge
Sir pata nhi apko ye text milega ya nhi bit deep down inside I copy u but same time I also try to hate you becuse u try to take dhoni movie away from him u r in this industry way before still u try to take his opportunity y 

Ssr ️
No no Akshay sir you are not wrong , aap vimal ka parchar kro or han Bollywood walon sushant sir ke bare mein bolkr apne aap ko jo mahan bnana chahte ho bs kro ye natak . Justice for SSR sir

Boycott bollywood

Agar shusant nahi to Bollywood nahi hum kate hai ki Bollywood movie nahi dekhenge Sab ke sab kutte hai sale i het you
Big time hypocrite

the real corrupt person is you Akshay  he&#39;s a fake and just another overrated actor 

Abhi bhi bhaisaab is in the gym
Ony ssr....Not anymore....

Let's go gutkha baj
<a href="">0:29</a> Culture is taught through films, alcohol, drugs, uncultured people
Hey there you are so lucky
We need justice

Everybody is crazy.
Bollywood will never forgive me... I have the courage to speak the truth... I have so much respect for you sir, I don't have the courage to speak the truth...
I hate everyone in Bollywood now miss u ssr

<i>This is because Modi government, all the old heroes of Bollywood, Uddhav government -- all together are suppressing this massacre.</i>
HAMKO HAMARA SSR CHAHIYE OR HAME APKI BAKBAS NHI SUNA KYA LA SAKTE HO

Best performance by Akshay sir so far

vimal eat eat aap aap hoot upar pochhenge
vimal eat brother...
Misleading text. Akshay didn&#39;t admit that he was boycott. Wtf

Movie aa rhi thi n iski

Jootha admi

Every bihari should boycott Bollywood

Bolo Zuban Kesri(vimal pan masala but not included Gutkha)..Wo to Bina marzi ke andar nahin jayega....

Bollywood has also spread filth in the society.
Miss you a lot boss
Miss u SSR Rip Sidhu moosewala 
Justice for Sushant sing  Rajput

You can tell more to Sushant Bhai, how can you tell me how you live, I am your son, I know you, I love you, Sushant Bhai.
No one can ever make a fool of him because he is fast, he is clean, he is a good person. What is the benefit of making a video?
Feel so sad for sohsang sing

What a scoundrel this man is!
Laut Ke Aaja Sushant Singh
Vimal pan masala are not killing the youth Akshay kumar just to make your own wealthy life shame on u.

Brother, when you come to our film, you are wasting your time in the face of these people, in the face of my city, is everyone's condition like SSR? Sushant is like Krishna, these people are with SSR. Boycott Bollywood.
Bkwaas bnd kro khiladi ji aap to bhut bra khiladi nikle We need justice 4 SSR ji he is real hero boycott bollywoid
Protest for the JUSTICE FOR SSR at Jantar Mantar. Delhi 14th jun 2022 . Please SAVE THE DATE.

Rest in peace to the soul
Good acting

Scripted

keep boycotting these degenerates. There are other ways for us to entertain....these criminals have taken undue advantage of our society, and frankly i feel disgusted that i ever watched these actors. The actors of yesteryear`s were much cleaner than any of the current so-called artists

Wak thu.

Special as you think in the industry, director, producer or those people who are part of the film industry, everyone has to do the same, but we will continue to work like this in the industry. <a href="">#akshy</a> Kumar <a href="">#karan</a> johar#
Akshay Kumar is right

Dost be a friend ...      brothers we are all.

Justice for sushant

<a href="">#BoycottBullywood</a>THAT&#39;S ITFULL STOP

<a href="">#BoycottBullywood</a>THAT&#39;S ITFULL STOP

<a href="">#BoycottBullywood</a>THAT&#39;S ITFULL STOP

<a href="">#BoycottBullywood</a>THAT&#39;S ITFULL STOP

<a href="">#BoycottBullywood</a>THAT&#39;S ITFULL STOP

Request to everyone boycott bollywood for 1 years and let&#39;s see how it could be impact on this industry

Kon si cultures ki baat kar raha hai ye, bollywood is over now, sorry to say but u guys are on a path of self destruction and its all started from the day of sushant demise

June 14th is coming 2nd death Anniversary of SSR.. Keep raising your voice

Now it will get worse
Only one Sushant Singh Rajput sir please CBI 302 justice for Sushant Singh Rajput sir

Boycott Boycott Boycott Boycott Boycott bollywood actress movie criminal Gunda drugs murder wala
It&#39;s not RRR or pushpa movies beatdown Bollywood. They already finished when sushant singh rajput is dead

SHARAM NAAM KI CHEEZ NAHI HAIABHI BHI CHIDHA HI RHA HAI SAALAUSKE MARNE KE BAAD BOL RHA HAIJALTE HAI SARE CH*<b>**</b>

Boycott this bollywood fan of sushant from pavitr rishta

I still can&#39;t digest that he is no more .... I love him like any thing .... Miss u sushant singh 

he&#39;s not even Indian....... read his wife comments,..................

remember he&#39;s the biggest monster ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

I don't know what to do if I don't listen to you.
There is less of bollywood to make fun of people.
You want to pacha tha sale 
Bollywood boycott Koro

shut up why don't you
Boycott bollywood movie

We have created you but the world has come in your name..there is no future for SSR.
Akshay Kumar  r   right ️
So why were you silent at that time when Shushant was being harassed in the film world, now he is gone, now make your own pictures and see for yourself because now your face has come in front of the society.
Today sushant ka no. Come tomorrow, I will come with your attention to whom Salman will not kill you.
Baycut only

Sushant ke bare main isne sirf ek line bole bas

Bollywood tollywood se neche jara hai or bollywood ki reed ki haddi Sushant sir.the jo insan bacha sakta tha bollywood ko bhot galta hua wo aane wale kuch yun  mai.sabse upar  hote no.1  miss ssr. 

Jesus Christ at the right time will give justice to Sushant Singh Rajput, Amen

We want justice_for Sushant Singh Rajput, you all Bollywood people are corrupt, no one support Sushant, he was left alone and now you Bollywood drug addict people want us to spend and waste our valuable time and money, never

Bsdwalo clickbait ke liye views mtt kro
Sandeep Singh Rajput 15 ko subscribe karo

Just one simple decision..Boycott Bollywood 
the Fall of Bollywood was only and only because of the death of Sushant Singh Rajput and Bollywood deserve this because we don&#39;t want nepotism we want real talent that&#39;s south people give us that South movies give us so by God Bollywood so we don&#39;t want Bollywood and move to see me only one South actors real movies like Pushpa KGF KGF toThe Fall of Bollywood was only and only because of the death of Sushant Singh Rajput and Bollywood deserve this because we don&#39;t want nepotism we want real talent that&#39;s South people give us that south movies give us so by God Bollywood so we don&#39;t want Bollywood and move to see me only one south actors real movies like Pushpa KGF KGF 2 BaahubaliThe Fall of Bollywood was only and only because of the death of Sushant Singh Rajput and Bollywood deserve this because we don&#39;t want nepotism we want real talent that&#39;s South people give us that south movies give us so by God Bollywood so we don&#39;t want Bollywood and move to see me only one south actors real movies like Pushpa KGF KGF 2 Baahubali that songThe Fall of Bollywood was only and only because of the death of Sushant Singh Rajput and Bollywood deserve this because we don&#39;t want nepotism we want real talent that&#39;s South people give us that south movies give us so by God Bollywood so we don&#39;t want Bollywood and move to see me only one south actors real movies like Pushpa KGF KGF 2 Baahubali that song that all movies we want we don&#39;t want that fake bollywood

SHUSHANT SINGH ALREADY boycotted Bollywood that&#39;s why SOUTH movie&#39;s become famous in North side  We miss you sushant singh. EVEN bollywood celebrities kids are caught by Drugs and lots of things. God is there to punish who did bad to others️️️ <a href="">#boycottbollywood</a>

Our last decision is <a href="">#boycottbollywood</a> completely canadian natak krne aa gya yha

I did not touch you. I did not touch you.
Sir, why is the trend of adult scene going on in every Bollywood movie? This story is in today's movies. Where south movies are very good, one can watch the action with the family till the story's point. But it is not like this in Bollywood right now.
Chup kar be..

he is no less a bastard
We are all very clear...Boycott Bollywood until justice served for SSR....Akshay and whole Bollywood gang...u all have to stand up for SSR..else u all are boycotted forever...very simple

These statements we would want to hear from the Khans and Kapoor&#39;s and so called big stars

Bohot achha actor hai akki 2000 crore ki property hai na bhai par

Boycott bollywood

Bhaad meinJaaye Bollywood

I will never watch Akshay Kumar movies.

sushant sir se seven seven movies xinliya gayata tab aap logon aawaj utaya hota to aaj sushant hamare saath hote miss you sushant sir jin jin jin jin logon me laya unka vi kabhi nahi hota hai
Akhay is big Hypocrite

we love ssr ..justice for ssr

Dirty Bollywood

How many of sushant fans are help to justice for sushantJo jo sushant ka fan h voh like kre 

Dougla insan
Ye kahan accept kiya isne, drugs reason bats raha shushant k lie

Akshay Kumar sir you are great person and actor ssr I miss you ️️

As long as there is no justice for SSR, there will be no punishment for Bollywood, whoever he is, will destroy all the kings and slaves.
I am an actor
Why did you not speak earlier? When Sushant was killed, no one said that he should get justice.
Very soon the boy arrived, sell Vimal sir.
We need justice for SSR 

Sir, tell me one thing, you yourself are a struggler. If what happened to Sushant happened to you...
Good

<a href="">0:31</a> :- nyc one 
No...we r not agree with u...you all killed ssr. We boycott,  all star kids...we hate u all

yes bro

I heat bollwood.I love telegu

Sushanth was a fool. Who dint think about his sister. If he cared about her he would not have bothered whether Bollywood boycotted him or not. He could have found some other job to do.

you are just garbage
Tumlog ghanta karte ho 

Keep on doing things in the house
Akshay Kumar ji salutes you.
Akshay Kumar ji spoke very well about himself and anyone else lives like this, everyone abuses him.
Boycott bollywood, justice 4ssr

Akshay u r double standard hypocrite coolie

Good sir love you sir favourite hero
They all r from one group which is called nepotism ye sab paisi k liye kuch bhe kr sakte hai

sir main Pakistan se hon or Sushant ki aik movie ms dhoni ko awards milne chaiye the laikin kiya kiya aap logon ne kuch sharam karo

Ban the Bollywood people 
If that's the case, sir, why didn't you support Sushant Singh Rajput, why didn't you raise your voice for us, now the banker is telling us like this, then where did you say?
SSR always remembered 
Canadian out of here
Sushant k bare m ak sabd nhi bola kutte Akshay
Bollywood has done a lot of wrong.. today we will be on the right path by removing it.
after a year
They all earn crores from our money so we don't watch their movies.
All these people are like Bollywood, for this we have shown them a lesson because… better than them, we have supported Tollywood…. Boycott Bollywood and watch movies till these years. Sushant Bhai's sins have been expunged.
Plz do not act Akshay.. chi
Boycott bollywood

Brother, we are not calling Bollywood wrong. We are saying that those who are 15,16 in Bollywood will only remain till the age of (BAP, DADA) in Bollywood or will not be in any BAP. We will only sell them. ,mg,mf.._..__..where are we?
I love u akshy
Akshay Kumar. Sandip Singh kiAction No
