THE BIRDS ARE ALREADY CROPPING AT THE TEASK🤣😂, EXPLAINING WITH A GESTURE - YOU ARE A FOOL... A KILLER OF INNOCENTS... YOU HAVE DRIVEN YOUR COUNTRY TO MADNESS.
This means he is a positive person with a pure soul! Poroshenko took the oath, the poor soldier fell&#39; because the devil!
RosmltriPosiotri
Ahahaha)))))
Major Dove was promoted to rank for such deflection!
It is immediately clear that the installation
Assembly
You can’t come up with that on purpose Bravo.
It's fake
Apparently there is no one else. There is only one unfinished king left
Lol😂
Major General Golubkov!
Ahahaha, Russian intelligence
Russian special agent Gulka
Camouflage and espionage
Mr. Golubkin
Let's fry him
excellent editing
Ooooo!!!!
Pigeons love to salute...
Hello. I'm a programmer this is photoshop
You guys don’t understand... He twirled a feather at his temple...
Morons! This video is 19 years old
Do you have the original?
It’s very funny when some (especially gifted ones) begin to explain to others that this is photoshop. Let's say thank you very much to them!
birds aren&#39;t real

Well, you won’t even notice the editing here with the naked eye.
We're fucked, now they'll hang us for saying our pigeons killed the Skripals
Good job, major Golybev...

It was Shoigu who reincarnated as a dove
Colonel Golubev, great job done with the Swedish fighter
Ornul!
I gave the military salute with the wrong wing
fake
For achievements in combat and political training, FSB captain Golubev is awarded the extraordinary special rank of major
KREMLINEDOVE
Hmm... But some people think that this is for real. This is an ordinary montage, and not of very high quality. And yes, some of you would not be very ornithologists, because a pigeon (like any other flying bird) cannot bend its wing like that.
This is great
PHOTOSHOP
Song from the movie officers
This is the same pigeon that shit on HUYLA, it’s a pity that it’s not on his bald head
)))) original here <a href="">
This is what it means. I serve Russia
what kind of music is playing on the video?? write the composer please..
the Russians gave part of Putin, substituting their ass) and the dove twirled its wing at its temple, looking at the fucker in a cassock and the bald dick)
This is the one who crapped Bush
The dove is demoted to a sparrow because they don’t put a hand to an empty head
Lol, is it okay that this is a crooked fsh?
it would be better if he shit on him
Why does he salute with the left wing?
haha FSB agent))
I wish you good health, Comrade President!
As Stanislavsky said: “This video is fake!”
Photoshop.
Fake
the pigeon SHOWED THE MIDDLE FEATHER... (they have no fingers)
Did the pigeon really do that?
average mantage
I couldn’t understand for a long time - what’s wrong?....he’s giving the greeting with the Left Wing!!!
Correction. Military greeting.
By the way, what song is playing in the video?
hahahahahaha it's Photoshop! press pause when he raises his wing!
Was this really true?
assembly
I just realized that this is a montage, a good drawing of the wing
Damn, the girls salute, and this is a military salute.
It's a fake copy.
Why didn’t anyone salute the dove after that?
It’s good that people are brainwashed on TV and shown the good side of Putin. Any normal person will see that Photoshop is obvious here.
The FSB is on fire and is preparing agent pigeons
handsome pigeon
The West is already sick of Vova, so there are such tricks)))
Bravo! Even the birds salute the great prize-dent!
Cool
now on a business trip, back to London: <a href="">
Left wing?...
Eagle you are Sokolov! I'm not Sokolov, I'm Orlov. You are a falcon Orlov))))))))))))))))
they promised a bag of grain
Communications officer))))))
ah ha ha
Colonel Golubev!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
Strongly!)
It’s just that the FSO officer hid there, and it’s a reflex for him...
Well, they will expose us all in Washington. We are waiting for statements from Clinton and the shooting of all the state pigeons. buildings.
The agent got burned
