Pls realse in tamil launguage
Let’s be very honest. Whatever happened in Kashmir in 1990 was wrong and unjust. Being a muslim i will never defend any atrocious act done on Kashmiri pandits by kashmiri Muslims whatever reason they may quote for their pathetic behaviour towards pandits… kashmiri muslims were wrong they were WRONG

A peaceful community 
After watching Kashmir files, I feel like spitting on this movie.

Who&#39;s after the success of Kashmir files and 12 th fail. This movie is a masterpiece.

Dkvvvvvvvv
After 12th fail
Ye wo Kalikh haiJo Farooq Abdullah k mathe paJo mit nai saktiMahbooba MuftiMufti Saeed?Yasin Malik Bitta karate??

Most Underrated Movie In Bollywood 

When will this country punish the real traitor of the country who gave a clean chit to the culprits of Kashmiri Panditon by making this 'Jhoothi' film.
Remake of sheen movie

Lindus deserved this 

Most people have fixed expenditures for a month. Forget all plights. Just think how turbulent their life went when suddenly they had to leave jobs, workplace, guaranteed salary and begin life from stone age.

Vidhu vinod Chopra trying to whitewash what happened!!

Full support to kashmiri pandits Jai shree ram 

All lie and fake story. No innocent Hindu ever been mistreated anywhere in world. Pakistan ZindabadHindustan AAAATHUUUU COW MOOTER

INDIA mein bahut kuch hogaya ki india ne pak ko land diya aur bangladesh ko aur abh pok isme hamari punjabis, kashmiri pandits,hindus, muslims....ko bahut taklif ho chuka hein .....lekhin i should say one thing religion is not a human being only we can share our feelings with human beings but not with religion....yis bath muje esa esas hua ki ......when i was young i used to hate muslims a lot but recently i have a friend she is a muslim but i never felt that i was with another religion girl when i was with her even i got a chance to explore more such as religion and human psychology also...and then i thought that religion is the only thing which is dividing people and countries.....now we both became besties ......<a href="">#THATSMYSTORY</a>

One of the most under acclaimed movie

Chutiya bollywood

Mission Kashmir war of world

playing only victom card whole movie fake and manipulating things like slogan ar salimo ae kafiro kashmir humhra chor do was only used for army and police till date postor outside house this was common these times miltants used to send warning to anyone selling drugs gambling or informer this also faked by saying they posted outside oandith homes another thing pandith left kashmir in army trucks not civial trucks so govt help them to leave kashmir and miltants even fired on many trucks who were carrying pandiths to stop them from leaving kashmir because its was rumours everywhere in kashmir that govt are shifting pandith outside and they will mass masscare All muslims all movie is full of lies one principal and his wife was killed inside there house in night by unknow gun men and next day muslims do there funeral according to hindu tradition and protested against there killings in sopore. there houses are still here and temples also like they were in 90s so all agenda to coverup brituality of army on kashmiri muslim

Vidhu Vinod Chopra works as a broker of Islam.
Is movie me sbkuch whitewash krke dikhaya gya hai.

Shikara is a bullshit movie in front of Kashmir files
No one should be kicked out of there own land.enough is enough pandits go bk to Ur homi kashmir.india Pakistan chak da pataii and dance.bangladesh eat fishhh.and sing ramta jogiiii

Raksha bandhan actress 
This far better than kashmiri files which shows the reality

Fictional story shown in Shikara. Didn&#39;t expect Vidhu Vinod Chopra to make such a fake propaganda movie....Better watch The Kashmir Files if you want to know the real truth...Vivek Agnihotri 

this is a fake movie showing that kashmiri padits got their rights

Ye movie the kashmir files jitni famous kyu nhi hui ??...

This movie did not get any push at all...Just sad

Ye movie actual me Propagenda hain.
Thanks to PM Modi ️️Jai Mother India 
This movie should be appreciated!! It may have sugarcoated the situation but it was still the first Bollywood movie which had the spine to raise the issue before the public after 2 decades...

I searched shakira and this came outBut I&#39;m glad that this came out!

Though this Film Don&#39;t get so much attention....but After the coming of Kashmir Files ...it had open everyone&#39;s eyes ....

After watching the Kashmir file I&#39;m just came back here to tell you that This movie is better than The Kashmir File.

bakwaas movie.... agar dikhna hi tha to pura sach dikhate , ye kashmiri pandits ke naam par propaganda nhu krna chahiye tha

Only cocksucker Vidu chopra can take a sensitive subject and make a whitewashing romantic movie out of it and leave the truth behind

The one who made the film liked it...showing the poor truth...doesn't have the courage to do so
The most retarded fake trash movie ever .

Wow 
Whole kashmir is belong to India......    People know the fucking islamist promotion director... Bc  khi ka... Vidhu chopra bc

The Kashmir files

Lot better then shitty kashmiri filesChange my mind.

Everyone talking about kashmiri pandits, but no one about kashmiri muslims they&#39;re also killed, and they had to run  biased movies by biased people

Bolna pdega this movie showed everything except the reality..

Shame on Bidhu Vinod Chopra and other so-called bollywood personalities who never show reality without propaganda.

This movie far behind the reality.. They have not shown the real tragedy...

The kashmir file is truth

Shikra is a lie

Bullshit Moviee

Raliv, Galiv or Chaliv… Aak Thu
Lalat ho chopra par
I saw Shikara weeping. Really good movie.

Sad,
Best movie

Now kasmir files rock on

Jai Shri Ram  
Kashmir Files &gt; hunter
Its Kashmir files
This film shows the plight of Kashmiri Hindus and makes fun of the sentiments of Hindus. All Hindus should boycott this film.
Kashmir files vs Shikara
I&#39;m here after the success of Kashmir files, but I can&#39;t see anything wrong in this trailer? Can anyone explain to me what was wrong with this film?

After watching kashmir files I can relate this now

Fake story h

The Kashmir files is best

Kaun kaun the Kashmir files dekhne k baad aaye

Vidhu vinod chopra, learn something from &quot;the kashmir files&quot;.

Seems like this movie is better than The Kashmir Files

Waiting for Gujrat files
How this film is Fake? I dont find anything wrong in the trailer! Can somebody explain? Please

Fake sotry hai Movie shikara  I hate  Bollywood

Now watch kashmir files

Shame on you BB Chopra 
from all the Muslims in kashmir and around the world we apologize and are deeply sorry for all wrong doing and bloodshed that has happened to pandits and sikhs in this beautiful land.  ALLAH and His Messenger has said: If you killed one innocent life that is enough to go to hell-fire for eternity - No Excuses.

Me after watching TKF - Shikara to Tatti hai

Watch Kashmir files not this propaganda movie !

It is completely fake movie and I feel really really stupid and fool 

I don&#39;t want to watch the movie. I just came to dislike the video. Bhaarat Maata Ki JAI.

All of a sudden after watching Kashmir files now i want to see what this film was missing.

Watch Kashmir Files!

Such a huge tragedy was romanticized and sold by MC Bollywood people 
Bhen nu lun india nu

Watch Kashmir files...

Jai Hind 🇮🇳
Who&#39;s here after watching Kashmir Files?

I am a Sikh but I support Kashmiri pandits

See this film of Karachi wood because the ass director made Kashmiri Muslims Kashmiri Pandits in the movie (both of these actors or actresses are Kashmiri Muslims) this is called real sickularism...Sharam Kar Vidhu Vinod Chopra whose father and grandfather made us Kashmiri Pandits. A man of 2 coins like you has killed his children, he has come in this film and on top of that he has shown them as Kashmiri Pandits...ah you are here.
Tatti movie boycott vvc
If you&#39;ve watched The Kashmir Files, his anger won&#39;t seem misplaced. It&#39;s harrowing... The fact that every single incident in the movie was based on real stories... And her entire cabal ignored such a well made movie while promoting crap like Gehraiyaan.... Meanwhile VV Chopra and team simply white washed a genocide. Imagine Nazis being given a humane angle... Warrants some anger I suppose.

Kuch sikho THE KASHMIR FILES movie se....
Jihadi bollywood type movie. Salute to vivek ranjan aghnihotri for making true movie 
Stupid movie. All lies. You can’t fool everyone always.

Kashmir files 
I come after here watching the Kashmir files  and this movie the worst movie

Its love story or kashmir issue fk director

The Kashmir files jindabad

Here after The Kashmir files

jitna sach chhupa sakte the use se jayada sach chhupaane ki koshish kri hai is moviw me inhone

False widow Vinod Chopra... spit
Be hen ke load vidhu Vinod Chopra, you are a traitor! What propaganda tune has been created? A poor film has been made in Dallas!
Shame on Vidhu Chopra... Shame on bollywood....you are trying to sell lies to public ....ban bollywood actress

Tatti
India is secular until Hindus are majority, once they become minority( as LOVE JIHAD  is Fully concentrated on increasing their population) whole india will face another pandit incident in the whole country and country will be automatically turned in to muslim country.

VIDHU IDEOT CHOPRA...DONT PUT LOVE STORY IN EVERY SUBJECT.

Watched Kashmir Files and Shikara, Shikara is shit. It doesn&#39;t depict what happened in kashmir, On the other hand Kashmir Files shows the truth that everyone should know about.

Who is here after watching that short of angry girl.

Fuck this movie.....watch Kashmir files for the real truth

Lier bollywood....ford bollywood....the kasmir files is the truth of 1990&#39;s kasmir

The kashmir files is the truth, while shikara just sells a lie

No truth shown...shame on Vidhu VINOD CHOPRA shame shame shame...

Pura such btao jhoot mat kahao
Still kashir is not safe..we can just see n heard in theater ,.we can&#39;t do anything for them who still survive this

Those who made this movie on me....put it on Kasmir, watch the movie, this is true.
Tatti movie...has made a love story to please the jihadis..because in such a movie
Who is here after watching The Kashmir Files?,

Faltoo. Wikipedia par story par liya aur is propaganda movie k review dekhkar do hi shabd h for this film FALTOOO BAKWAS

The kashmir files..

Plzzz don't watch takle's movie, tkale has made mjaak and saved my hindu pnditoka.
Jhoot

Kita na jhut bolo gi ?
Watch kashmir files

Bhai ye movi kab aai thi

Who is after kashmir file&#39;s

Watch kashmir files

The Kashmir files

Who is here after &quot;The Kashmir Files&quot;

After watch this movie the kashmir files

Shikara= ghatya 3rd class movie

Who&#39;s director of this film

Shikara movie is a nothing but a  shame. U guys have hidden the truth from coming out. Where&#39;s the genocide in this movie? Shame on the entire team of shikara and Congrats to the team of The Kashmir files ️

There is no hatred against Muslims in this... otherwise this too would be propagated.
This is not a based on real events same on you the makers of shikara

Love jihad propaganda by urduwood!!!
Kashmir Files has a IMDB rating of 8.3 while Shikara has a rating of 2.8 lol

The movie came after The Kashmir files.
Kashmiri Pandits were massacred by the Muslims there who used to be their neighbors and helped the other terrorists. This film is propaganda made to spread against the Indian Army and against India. Even after so many years of independence, propaganda is being run against Kashmiri Pandits, and efforts are being made to save the terrorists. It is very sad to see this.
Watch kashmir files 
Fake kashmir files This one is awesome

I think it&#39;s better then kashmiri files imean direction wise editing wise

Aag lage tere or tere bacho ke career ko. Dr. Vidhu Vinod Chopra.

Is this the same Shiva shown in Kashmir files?
Show me where else you are..
Fake propaganda ShikaraWatch The kashmiri files .

Best movie

Wah re the cries of secularism
Vidhu vinod chopra u are not  a human u are rakshas

This is joke for Kashmiri pandits, kashmir files is tribute to them

Kashmir files dekho please sab btaya hai 

The Kashmir file

Watch <b>Kashmir Files</b> by Vivek Sir Don&#39;t waste Your Time Here on This

Don&#39;t watch this. Watch The Kashmir Files by Vivek Ranjan Agnihotri.

What a sick joke these movies were all these years?
Shameless filmmaker.

Who is here affter the Kashmir files

Fake movie

After kashmir files
FB -301 We will come again January 19, 1990 Hope, the hope of the end of every oppression, the fall of every tyrant, has given us strength. We will come again. The poplar forests of our memories and our dreams will be visible again in front of our eyes. We will come again. You chose the opportunity, you chose the snowy one. Night of murder of humanity, killed every relation, broke every trust, you were more in number even when your grandfather was alive, our relations were stronger than religion, 19 January 1990, the chance was yours, you could have saved humanity, the chances will come for us too. Our family members will chirp again. Still Kali We will not be able to forget the scene of the night. We will come again. We became homeless in our country to save our honor. To save our pride, you showed barbarity in the name of religion. What will you say, what will you answer, what will you do when we ask you to account for all the atrocities you have committed on us. We will come again, we will look you in the eyes, again we will ask you questions from your bullets, from your guns, where did this come from, why did you pick it up, why did you drive it, as much Kashmir was yours, as much is ours, then who divided it that day, Rishi Kashyap's Kashmir, the Kashmir of our saints is ours, in whose thoughts we are growing up listening to the lullaby. Children, the children who are growing up listening to the story of your oppression, have you ever wondered how you will meet them when they come again. The sacrifices of *Taflu, *Ganju and *Bhatt will not go in vain. We will come again to take account of every tear, the wound of your atrocities and oppression. 23/2/2020Shabnam Mehrotra
Very touching heart breaking incident
Shame on u vidhu vinod chopra n rahul pandita
One thing should not be done if there is too much danger going on.
Jute log or jute film

Kashmir files 
Ye film kitanu jhooti hain ye kashmir file dekhke pata chala third calss bollywood

Who kept the truth in the movie?
All you need is..... Go to theaters to watch the Kashmir Files

Ye bhi kashmir ke topic par bani he but issme Puri reality nhi he jo kashmir files me he

This is fake Propaganda movie.Reality jaanna hai to the kashmir files movie dekho

ye badwaa Director gaye shikare prr ghoomne Kashmir files ane ke baad 

🇮🇳I from Bihar(Begusarai) and I support Kashmiri pandits!

This movie is shit....they didn&#39;t show the real truth..I request to watch &quot;The Kashmir files&quot; hatsoff to Vivek Agnihotri

F*ck off fake movie Kashmir files is real reality

One of the best love story 

Thinking how Hindus were exterminated where muslims are majority.Be it Kashmir, Hyderabad, westbengal every single place of Muslim majority torturing hindus yet we support secularism.Enough. Time to become like  Zeus. We need Israel like country. Where hindus will go if they suffer in India? Is there any country who will accept Hindus in the world??? 

Shikara false propaganda
Bakwas movie ,not shown reL truth , overhyped

Our country does not care about these Pakistanis, Kashmir should also be there for years.
Hum aise desh me rehete hai jaha aise jaha aise jhooti story ko pyar milta hai aur the kashmir files jaise sach story ko nafrat 

Lund movie maa ki choot director ki pchdd aj bni h film yeh hoti h film kashmir files behnchoddon

This is NOT untold real story KashmiriPandits. This is just a Whitewash! Continuation of propoganda...Watch movie <a href="">#KashmirFiles</a> to understand the suffering KashmiriPandits have gone through...

Idots show the reality of Kashmiri pandit

What a bad movie this is Chutiya Vidhu Vinod Chopra
Hindu: They wake up only when they set fire to their own house. Improve yourself otherwise it will not take time to make #The Kashmir File Part 2. Jai Hind.
Sirf bc support kiya hai  iss movie ne unke jihad ko, kitna jhoot boleke apne mahjab ka side loge, ghatiya movie, Guys watch the Real storie The kashmir Files,

Bakwaas movie
Vishal annihotri is great director

VVC see and learn from Vivek Agnihotri, how to showcase a reality. It requires guts which you don&#39;t have. Shikara was absolutely shit movie. Thooooo

whos here after watching The Kashmir Files?

<b>The Kashmir Files</b> I have come here after seeing the mixed reaction of people on the movie.
Here They are just deceiving us. If u want to know the actual truth please watch kashmir files.

To all those who are fighting over religion ListenRELIGION KI IS NOT BUT TOOL THEY USE TO DIVIDEbe it netas be it militantsAccept AtheismSaale Bhadwo Tum sab insaan ho na Hindu Na Muslim … INSAAN ho aur nahi ho toh Haiwan

Who wears slippers every year?
Jhuta movie
Better to watch &#39;The Kashmir Files&#39; for better understanding 

Know Kashmiri files movie watching they praising...When i watching kashmiri filesI remember this movie also..

It&#39;s a flop movie as compared to the Kashmir files

This movie exposed after kasmir file, who come after kasmir files

After watching Kashmir files in this movie hidden lot of truth

The kashmir files ️
<a href="">#TheKashmirFiles</a> is real.... Not u...

The earth on which I was born betrayed you, your mother will also repent after giving birth to you, sister-in-law.
Any one is here after watching kashmir file

give a like to my comment  if you dislike this trailer......

Absolutely garbage movie! Totally whitewashing the atrocities of J*!h@dis!Watch <a href="">#TheKashmirFiles</a> if anyone wants to know the truth of Kashmir!

Chutiya movie!!
No one cried for the 1 percent truth but everyone did for <a href="">#TheKashmirFiles</a>

Who&#39;s here after watching the blockbuster movie kasmiri files......

The Kashmir File real Story of kasmiri pandits

Big Thumbs Down to this Propogandist Movie  Kashmir Files is Masterpiece!

This movie is really written by Kashmiri pandits and this is real story only

Kashmir files only got 25 million views but this movie got 35 million

After watching The kashmir files this film looks like a propaganda of Vidhu Vinod Chopra...... That sense less and inhuman ranting of secularism in Kashmir where Hindus are in minority is disgusting .... Shame on you director and producer ... Keep your gyan in your back pocket.... Vivek Agnihotri is best...️

Iss film se jyada sachhai the kashmir files me dekhayi hai

This movie, I watched before &quot;The Kashmir Files&quot; 

Who all came here after watching the Kashmir files

As long as the sun and moon remain, Kashmir will remain India's.
Kashmir files

The REAL TRUTH and PAIN of KASHMIRI PANDITS hasn&#39;t been very well portrayed in this movie.

Who are here after kashmir files

Wow madarch.d you want to convert hindu boy into muslim or convert muslim girl into hindu or show to the children that hindu girls should love muslim boys because they are pure at heart….the dog is taking bakchodi to pakistan.
This is the best movie of the world. Do dislike the trailer of this film and oppose it.
Who is here after &#39;The Kashmir Files&#39; ?

ab to hindu bjp goverment h 8 year se to kyu na ab ghar wapas le le

How sad  How should I look at such a good film, now I will watch this film 
Majak accha tha!! :)

Mai yaha the kashmir files dekh kar aaya hu

&quot;I am here after Kashmir files&quot;

Boycott
Is this movie my mother's pussy!!
I live in jammu...but i never saw discrimination 

The shikara director should go and watch the Kashmir file, to know how the movie is made.

Anyone here after Kashmir Files???
Plz do not spread hate

watch Kashmir FilesYou will feel shame

Kashmir file is a propganda

Bakbas movie juth felaya bs 
Thank God the kashmir files is here now otherwise these bloody.. Propagandist are just freaking...

forced migration my foot. Its called Genocide. Understand the fucking difference.

Faltu movie....<a href="">#Shikaraa</a>.!!! ...... Good movie is....<a href="">#The</a> Kashmir File.....
Isn’t this the Same story as Kashmir Files?Not sure why this never received any accolades.In fact looks like this film showed the genocide more emotionally than Kashmir files.

A dum kachra film
Thu thu thu on Shikara , just showed what the makers fantasized about the Kashmir Genocide. Go watch The Kashmir Files, you&#39;ll get to know the truth what actually happened in Kashmir and how people brutally killed and genocidal things happened 

Who is after whaching The Kashmir Filesthen Bench* Madarch* chuti* shikara

After whaching The Kashmir FilesBencho* shikara 

Watch kashmir files for truth.

Must watch kashmir files

Crazy movie
The kashmir files is excellently elaborate the actual reality. Shame shikara

Support Kashmir Files

The Kashmir files super duper blockbuster

Please yaar support THE KASMIR FILES.its not a movie.its real docomentry based on kasmiri pandits.

Like who are after watch &quot;kashmir files&quot; ️

bakwas... movie... hua khuchh dikhaya khuchh
I am here to spit after release of The Kashmir Files.

Who came after kashmir files ️
Give rating to The kasmir file on imdb

This movie is bloody *

Must watch movie 

Now this is The True story of kashmir

Boycott bollywood

Chuda turned out to be a dog. Showed your people a joke
Fake secularism

Fuck secularism..all secularist are hijdaas

Fake movie

This movie not even deserves 1 star after I watched &quot;The Kashmir Files&quot; It&#39;s Vidhu Vinod Chopra&#39;s old habits to whitewash the image of a certain Radical groups! That is easily visible through his movies like PK Sanju and many more!

Vidhu Vinod, the white washer btw apka ye naam maine sanju movie k baad rakha tha.. Kashmir file dekh le bhai..

madharchod movie
Kashmir file is best

Zatu movi sali

Who came here after watching &#39;The Kashmir files&#39;?

Who is here after watching the Kashmir files

<b>BAKWAAS SHIKARA</b><b>ONLY THE KASHMIR FILES</b>

Potty movie

Who is come after the Kashmir files watched

The director really need to watch &#39;the  kashmir files &#39;

If you can&#39;t fight  then you are a victim

3rd class 3rd graded movie.

Watching This After The Kashmir File.

Good picture

Crap movie Crap direction
Where were the kasmir files fans when the beautiful movie was released?

Fiction movie 
Worst movie,.a propaganda... Kashmir files tells the truth.

Iss movie me kya galat tha... Koi batayega

Who are all here after Kashmir Files Reviews

This movie is not even 1% of what kashmir files is.Very spectacularly they white washed the genocide of Hindus.

Ye bdhwa giri dikhya tha truth jnanana ho to Kashmir file see nallo 
Bastard movie.Go and watch &quot;The Kashmir files&quot; that movie is just phenomenal and really took out the reality of Kashmiri pandits.

Proud day for every hindu Babri demolition  6 dec
Watch only The Kashmir Files 

After kashmiri file??
Hero looks like akhilesh yadav
Sadial movie Vidhu Vinod Chopra Teri aisi ki taisi
No friend, this is half the truth, this is not the whole truth, that's why I don't know this movie.
<a href="">#TheKashmirfiles</a>

This is a film and Kashmir files is a documentary

Please watch Shikara also. It has shown the plight of Kasmiri Pandits.

See the kashmir files

Vinod ji watch The kashmir files

This  movie was a typical Bollywood propaganda movie. It tried to whitewash all the crimes that Muslims committed in Kashmir. I wholeheartedly thank Shri Vivek Agnihotri ji to make <a href="">#TheKashmirFiles</a> To show the real face of Islam. Shame on you Vidhu Vinod Chopra

The kashmir files Your dad

Bhut bekar movie........faltu movie......
After the Partition of India, during October–November 1947 in the Jammu region of the princely state of Jammu and Kashmir, many Muslims were massacred and others driven away to West Punjab. The killings were carried out by extremist Hindus and Sikhs, aided and abetted by the forces of Maharaja Hari Singh.[9] The activists of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) played a key role in planning and executing the riots.[2][10] An estimated 20,000–100,000 Muslims were massacred

Kashmir files movie dekho sacchai usme h

Kashmir files is the best which shows the atrocities committed among Hindu Pandits...
secularism is a fraud
Rip congress

Rip congress government

I knew movie would be promuslim when they caste 2 Muslims as Kashmiri pandits

How the fk this video got liked

Who is coming to watch this trailer after watching the Kashmir files 

The kashmir files is the best

This is a piece of shit you have made vidhu vinod chopra

Who is here After Kashmir Files

Movie hoto asi ak sci gtna par aadarit
MC hai darcatar
The reality is in the Kashmir files

Lauda ka movie

Dasi putra vidhu vinod born with agenda

what a propogenda film this is dumb ass or bullshit that make by the vv chopda ....  Real story is in Sir Vivek Agnihotri,s film  the Kshmir Files

Bloody bullshit movie !!All truth is hidden very nicely, kudos to Bollywood for not releasing a movie but spreading a fake propaganda !!Reality is far behind

Not such reality shown in this movie.....karachiwood ....watch Kashmir file&#39;s

Vidhu Vinod Chopra, you are not the child of a Hindu, why don't you speak to your mother...
I am here after watching interviews on kashmir files and understood this VVC made this film to divert and en-cash the real exodus of kashmiri pandits. What kind of Bollywood industry that this country bearing since decades spoiling the culture n diverting young mind of with faaltu movies. Strict laws must be implemented on film industry, OTT and other news broadcasting channels.

Chutiya drama. Watch &quot;The kashmir files&quot;

Better than &quot;Kashmir Files&quot;-Spreading hate among all

It is almost a Love Story, Go and feel the reality with &quot;The Kashmir Files&quot;.

Who is here after watching &quot;The Kashmir Files&quot;

The trailer is ready.. a lot is being shown in the trailer.. and a little different propaganda is being shown in the film.. what are you telling us... Genocide of Kashmiri Pandit was done in the face of Islam Kattarwad.. You have named Hindus. Whose village is the name of?
You all have made a fool of Kashmiri Pandits, traitors to Bollywood
Watch the kashmir files

The poster of The Kashmir files comes here Chopra bhai sahab ne shikara movie has come out and told the good things to Kashmiri Muslims, brother, but Kashmiri Pandits and Hindus did not succeed in your agenda, bsdk dalle log.
This movie is sh*t and doenmsn&#39;t show full reality. Watch Kashmir Diaries y&#39;all

what big joke this movie is

Ab tak ki sabse bakwas movie

Shameful film
This is nothing in front of Kashmir files

Who is here after <a href="">#thekashmirfiles</a> ??

Who came here too hate after The kashmir file a movie full of truths not like shikara made something and showed something ...

Wah media wah.
This is master piece movie ️️ truly based on kashmiri pandits a very  touching story 

VV Chopra is the puppet of underworld

Whatever happened with kashmiri pandits that was so terrible.... I heard two days ago in Pakistan bomb blasts in mosque ... Many more innocent dead ..... .... What&#39;s wrong with this world... Where we are living now........

Who is here after kashmir files

After watching The Kashmir files I suddenly come here.

What kind of Madarchod film is this? Haan?
This movie is an insult to Kashmiri pandits and hindus. If you wanna see the truth go for &quot; The Kashmir files&quot;

Brother, I have seen your trailer, where love story is inserted, everything is fine in the praise of reality, but from the Kashmir file, why are you so sad (Vidhu Vinod Chopda). I really don't want to see what time it is.
B.c this film main reality nahin dikhaya gaya vinod chopra is a communal bastard....bycot himm..
Propaganda film..... everyone please watch kashmir files

I came here after kashmiri files 
I support  kashmir file

Bhnklovda ini vhi ma jake kshmiryo ki. It is better to do it with the Pandits.
Kashmir files :- buddy aapke father aaye h

Do watch <a href="">#Thekashmirfiles</a>

Kashmir files look
Bharat maathaki jai
Someone here After kashmir files 
Guys &quot;The Kasmir Files&quot; see. He is spreading fake propaganda. Bollywood is trying to erase Hinduism from existence in the name of secularism. This useless movie can be found on IMDb.
After watching &#39;The Kashmir Files&#39;Shame on Director Vidhu Vinod Chopra

Shikara is nothing in front of THE KASHMIR FILES

after The Kashmir files.

<a href="">#thekashmeerfiles</a>

This movie is salt on the wounds of kashmeeri Hindus....shame on karachiwood.

Thank God I didn&#39;t watched this movie. Lendy

Third grade script

Fuck off to Vidhu vinod chopra.. You are a bullshit man, a looser..

This is fake ..... Watch &quot;The Kashmir Files&quot;

If they become majority then jihad only you can accept from them.

Jhuti khani

This movie is shit....Just watched kashmir files and have compared this with it

Maadarchod  a secularism apne pas rakhooo
this and kashmir files the heartbreaking reality

Inhone movie to banayi pr balance krkr aur ye balances sachayi ka pta nhi chlne dete jo bhut dangerous h .sachayi to the Kashmiri files ne dikhayi hai 

The ass of the mother of seculars. Jai Shri Ram. India will become a Hindu nation within 3 years.
Vidhu Binode Chopra...Langa na jhanaate daar slap on the mouth...Vivek sir's movie showed you how much you did...Naali ki kidde hi ho tum
Mc VBC will be seen somewhere and will remember that Marunga...
Go and watch kashmir files...shikara is just propaganda 

THE KASHMIR FILES

What did Akshay Kumar say or what did he say in favor of the movie?
I am angry at Bollywood which is trying to spoil the thinking of Hindus by creating anti-Hindu content.
The Kashmir Files is the truth.
Tamil ki copy karte karte bollywood ko laga ab to dukaan band hone wali hai to ab BJP wale dange karane chalu log to hai hi chutiye

Who is here after watching &quot;The Kashmir Files&quot; ?

Boycot this mivie

Ye sb doglapan bnd kroAur the kashmir files dekho jake usme sb sach dikhata gya haiNaki is fuddu movie k jaise jisme india ko hi galat dikhaya jaa rha BKL vidhu vinod chopre

Don&#39;t watch this please watch kashmir files yeh vidhu vinod lowdey mulla ko faida hua hai sach dhikaane ka kaleja isko nahi hai

This video gets 1.3M dislike....

No one understands her condition.
Kashmir files see all
Want to watch reality then you should go to watch THE KASHMIR FILES.

Kashmir is ours and we will remain together.
Kon kon the kashmiri files dekh ke yea aye he 

Reality in Kashmir files

This movie is incomplete propaganda

Watch Kashmiri files... A masterpiece in front of this joker

<a href="">#The</a> Kashmir files

THIS IS THS WORST MOVIE EVER

After Vivek Agnihotri&#39;s Announcement (The Kashmir File) Bollywood started working on how to wash people&#39;s mind So they created propaganda that people should be fooled by making love story.

Vidu vinod chopra.. You are biased

faltu movie of 3rd grade human being vindhu vinod chopra ...karma will get him ..part of urban naxal team please support The Kashmir Files

chutiya movie
Actual truth was revealed on 11th March 2022 with &quot;The Kashmir files&quot;

This is sugar coating and watering down the genocidal trauma of Kashmiri Pandits. Kashmir Files did the justice.

BAN VIDHU VINOD CHOPRA!!This movie disrespected the real pain of Kashmiri Pandits..

Bsdk who will name the islamic terrorist. Isme bhi love lauda lasan diya
Bhai tu rehne de the kashmir file dekh le air kuch shikh isse

Did you guys forget 2002 Gujarat riots ?
Trailer toh accha banaya kash movie bhi itna accha bana lete....guys go and watch The Kashmir Files if you really want to know what had happened in Kashmir in 1990.

After kashmir files like here

Which pig's child has directed this? Go n watch real truth in Kashmir File movies
Kashmir files is original movie

Kashmir files have beautifully shown than this..... everyone should watch Kashmir files

No secularisam, only india 🇮🇳🇮🇳

Vidhu Vinod Chopra, who has made this film, had the same thoughts as those who killed Kashmiri Pandits.
Sharm Aani needs Vinod Chopra to make you such a slow film
The Kashmir Files

Fuck this movies director , vinu vinod Chopra kya chup banai hai love story fuddu

Watch kashmiri files

Don&#39;t watch this shit. Vidhu Vinod Chopra has betrayed his own motherland. Watch <a href="">#The_Kashmir_Files</a>

Watch &quot;The Kashmir File&quot;.

Boycot

TKF - THE KASHMIR FILES 2022

Fake story......for true story watch The kashmir files

Faltu movie h
I came here after watching the trailer of kashmir files

Isliye duniya mein bollywood ki koi kadar nahi karta dikhana chahiye real story kashmiri pandits ki!! Lekin mc saale usse love story se cover Kar rahe hai kashmir files will be much better than this shit

You are a bastard director...gali to avi se sunna padegaa...
Bc jo dikhana tha wo nhi dikhaya...love story chala di...chutiya Bollywood....watch the Kashmir files...plzz

The kashmir file is true
Sab unlike with
Fuck @Fox studios
More power to kashmir files

Propaganda movie
Vidhu vinod Chopra you are monster.

nthg the director did all the efforts to whitewash wht all happened..Shame Shame..!!(Bhag ke nahi aye kashmiri pandit yaad rkhnaaaaaaaa)

An insult to the exodus of kashmiri pandits

Shame on you, what is the reason for you, you have put such a thing in the gutter. The truth should be stated that even if someone says bad things to Muslims, they should be made to feel proud of their truth. The good deeds done by you should be known to you. This movie has got...
the kashmir file

Nothing as shown real in this just few which supports that bloody militants Need to be show more wat exactly happened with kashmiri pandits.  Please do watch THE KASHMIR FILE Jai hind.

We all should watch The Kashmir Files instead of this

Shame on this movie.....Motherch* vidhu vinod bhsdkReal one is The Kashmir files

Secularism of Karachi wood

ppl are happy with such movie......what about the kashmir files......shikara mei toh sb wash krke hi btaya h....

Sala Logo ko bhi asi movie pasand nhi aati hai  bilkul inku Kabir Singh dikhado inko bas Khan family or Kapoor family ki movie dikhado asi movie ka dekhte hai log haad hai

actors are Muslims

The Kashmiri files movie the reality of kashmiri pandit

Please watch the Kashmiri files

India is a secular nation until Hindus are in majority.

Jai Hind 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
 Shameful act
Everyone dislikes this movie because it is fake because Vinod Copra's movie is fake.
Bjp is correct for them

Excellent movie. Most of 47,000 civilians who died were kashmiri muslims.

Chutiyon sach toh bata do

Bullshit movie by a bullshit director..
Who is here to see the Kashmir file

Watch KASHMIR FIELS if you want to know reality

The Kashmir Files dekh ke kuch sikho and fir movie bnao

There is not even 1% reality in this movie, the plight of Kashmiri Pandits is not there. After all, how can this Bullywood say anything against Islam?
this was nothing go and watch the kashmiri files everyone then you&#39;ll what this bastard kept hiding from us

is it really important to write everything around a love stroy?

You will not tell the truth from Bollywood.
Whatever militants will attack in Kashmir, everyone should be shot down! Thinking is not necessary
<a href="">#shame</a> on shikara <a href="">#shame</a> on director, producer, fox star..Haam thukte hey tum logo ki gandi ghatiya propaganda movie pey....F*ck off to whole team &amp; dalal director 

Movies mai bhi in logo ko romance dikhana tha  brain wash karne ke lia

Kya bekar trailer hai now i understand...what rubbish people they are...apki pseudosecularism app he rakho...but sach to bahar aye ga he

Dekhke hasi aa geya
Those people who justify the misdeeds done by Muslims will kill worse than a dog.Such people will not get a place even in hell.

Plzzzz watch kashmir files.....
240 around kashmiri pandits died in kashmir dispute and lakhs of Kashmiris. And in gujrat riots more than 1000 muslims were killed

If you want to see the atrocities in Kashmir then watch Kashmir Files.
Chutiyapanti band kar aab jake the Kashmir files dekhna sach mein kya hua tha maloom padega...

What a gutter movie

After Kashmir files, this movie is not even equal to this.
Fake point of view about kashmiri Pandit and Indian arm forces.... Real truth going the reveal in the Master class movie &quot;The kashmir file&quot; By Vivek Ranjan Agnihotri

Watch Kashmir  files movie also

Kk I will agree u are angry then what about godra

This is a funny trailer, I can't just put every movie in the sexual and love category, watch the Kashmir files.
This is shit. Watch kashmir files everyone

They just want to take over the kashmiri Hindu&#39;s 

Watch Kashmir files

Bollywood -mere ghar ka walls kharab ho gya hai whitewash karege app log , kafi famous hai esme pura bollywood

Kashmir files over this shit any day

Is it necessary to mislead us by giving a love story to those who like every real incident? Where reality needs to be shown, making love stories is shameful.
Pehli bar Indian cinema pr proud feel Hua hey

This ethnic cleansing nobody want to talk. Problem is within Hindu society which is insensitive to its own plights

kuda movie...agenda lekar banayi gayi movie...Dekhna hai to Kashmir Files dekho
That&#39;s why i hate Islam &amp; Allah ...  

Shikara vs Kashmir Files!Rate yourself!
Fake Propaganda. The Real movie is The kashmiri File&#39;s.

I have never seen a bigger fake movie than this...
Very very bad movie

Chakka director
Watching after kasmir file i hate this movie nonsense movie

Must Watch The Kashmir Files

Watch Kashmir files  reality
First know the truth n then bark ...these actors r not the gods ,,,they r only showing the negative part .....through which they can earn ..they have no values for the humanity ...Those who are barking ...I want to tell u ..we are still living like a family in a Kashmir ...n we do not need ur certificate or advice .....Get a clear knowledge about the same from the kashmiri pandit who is presently living in kashmir n lived here &#39;&#39;the then&#39;&#39; only ..instead from the looters who looted us as pandits n stayed in Jammu Delhi n enjoyed all the leaverage ....only to defame us for thebpolitical causes Of their Then Leaders ..

Plss Plss watch the kashmir files .. because this movie is propaganda by karachiwood, only Kashmir files based on true story ! So plss watch 

Worst portray of kashmiri hindu ..not even 1 % of misery is shown ..watch THE KASHMIR FILES then you will understand what actually happened.

The Kashmir files
Kon kon The Kashmir files k baad idhr aaya ? 

Irritating background mus... LOUDER than dilaugs... 
You can make a film about licking soles and show the truth that you don't have the courage.
Kashmiri file's ️
The kasmir files ️

Salute story of kashmiri pandits 

Liar
His father is coming. The Kasmir fails!!... Shikara ne sb kuchh dikhaya ... Bycot..... Real to the Kasmir fails me which is coming on 11 March 
Watch kashmir files

Abhi tho thoda khun garam Karo hindu bhaiyo.... secularism kabhi honaisakega

Dhokhebaaz movie, sachi story dekho The Kashmir Files me, bevkoof banake movie thode kama liye chopda sahab ne....

This is another pure propoganda made by Bollywood to spread lies about what happened with Kashmiri pandits and this bullshitwood have no guts to say that Kashmir&#39;s this situation was result of  just radical islamic terrorism... Only one person who can stand against this dawoodwood industry is Vivek Agrihotri... He is the true director fears no one ...

Jai Shriram 
## kashmir files...Shikara  boycott... its fake..

Jai Hind Jai Kisan Jai Jawan 🇮🇳
India is Hindu and will remain Hindustan forever.. secularism have nothing to do with righteousness.

This hids the actual. Truth

This Movie hidded real truth....Now which we will see in The Kashmir Files

3rd class movie .....
Brother look at the kashmir files one time
Watch the kashmir files film

Kutto galat information dete ho public me

Why only showing of  one side,  the attrocities done to Muslims too in different parts of India.In nutshell , it can be said  that there are two groups one is predators and other is prey  irrespective of the religion . Those murderous criminals are there in all religions . So don&#39;t show any religion in bad light selectively as per your convenience.

These are all doublespeak, the director and the producer are both doublespeak.
Such a bad movie u made! Learn from Agnihotri Sir! The direction team must watch Kashmir files!

Kashmir files ki trailer ko dekh yhi lga sikhra only trying avoid to culprit.. Kashmir files is far better than shikhara....

Dislike

The worst movie ever till date
Nonsense movie
You Buddha have done a lot by making Muslims look innocent.
To show the truth, why not to show it as it is?
worst movie

Kashmir files better than this

VISIT ISKCON DAILY BUT DON&#39;T FORGET HINDUTVA, HARE KRISHNA, JAI BHAVANI ️
There is not a single militant but the entire community has started the war of Pandits. Biased Story
You are thinking so much
Watch Kashmir files instead of this

What a great injustice has been done to the Kashmiri Pandits, they too were subjected to atrocities, the yatras were not given any space at all.
Gandi movie hai sali fuck uu penchoda director vidu vinodHuge respect To Vivek Agnihotri Sir  Love you Trillion millions Thousands       
Who is here after the launch trailor of The kashmir Files? Hit like

I don't want to see this movie, but many people will be afraid of human hatred.
Now, watch The Kashmir files.... Shika4a me vidu vinod ne sab upar upar se bataya hai... Asali sach janna ho to The Kashmir files dekho

Don&#39;t say &quot;Kashmiri Pandit&quot; , just say &quot;Kashmiri Hindu&quot;.It&#39;s high time we Hindu get united.



Fuck Congress Fuck Naheru Fuck Gandhi family
There is only one cancer for every country and we ourselves have nurtured and nurtured this cancer.
The kashmir files       Real truth of Kashmir 

mai sponsor karta hu The Kashmir FIles ka ticket, real untold story of Kashmiri pandit dekh ke aajao.

Bak*<b>*</b>that there is a limit yaar…ye toh pura limit hi crossed…Director gave a full hug here
Tatti banadi puri film ko agr dekhnahai to the kasmir files dekhnaa 

yes this much, it gave the angle of love story to genocide,...did not show the truth of Islam....all should be seen vidhu vinod
Mc

Shame on shikara

Maaa ka bhosda is movie ke director ki

They hate us, they gonna destroy us if we don&#39;t see it. But this movie didn&#39;t do any justice. Waiting for The Kashmiri files.

Every Indian including me owes one to my mother and the other to a Kashmiri Pandit.
Please if u r a gindu must go and watch, we need more movies like this, please please go and watch, jai hind jai shree Ram jai hindustan

Bsdk this film has not been made. The real film to Agnihotri has not been made.
Nice

Karachiwood failed Movie.Learn something from THE KASHMIR FILES..

<a href="">#TheKashmirfiles</a>

Jo saale khete hum secular hai sab pehle unko hi toko kyou ki hindu ko use sabse jada khatra hai kha gaya congress and other party ek muslman marte hai to ye desh khatra main bata dete hai

Waiting for The Masterpiece <a href="">#TheKashmirFiles</a> 

The Worst Film ever,Hiding The Untold Truth, Just Go watch &quot;The Kashmir Files&quot;, Make it a BlockbusterBe The True Indian🇮🇳 .

Kashmir files

It is NOT a story of our exodus, of our genocide. It is ONLY and ONLY a love story.

Wrong movies

Watch Kashmir files ️
An eye for an eye .. I am not from Kashmir but I feel like the Hindus of Kashmir. And whoever shed my blood. We will cut them and shed rivers of blood. , Go Shri Ram. Modi alive after
Wasted 1.8 gb of data.. The most lied movie of all time even fictional movies are better than this one. And wao didn&#39;t knew that Kashmir Exodus was justified..Fuck you VidhuVinodhChopra

Better to watch &quot;The Kashmir Files&quot; movie than this biased movie.

Love jihad fasa he diya movie m
Kashmir files have put an end to Vidhu Vinod Chopra's propaganda movie "Shikara"! Watch this movie in the theater on 11 March with all the Bhartiya family. धन्यावादम
Kashmir files have put an end to Vidhu Vinod Chopra's propaganda movie "Shikara"! Watch this movie in the theater on 11 March with all the Bhartiya family. धन्यावाद
After hearing a review of real kashmiri pandit and saw the genre  of this movie on Google as romance/drama  of such a sensitive topic. i just came here to dislike this , very shameful .

Its Pakistani victim was Vivek Agnihotri's &quot;Kashmir Files&quot; will dip
Worst movie this movie not showing hindus genoside on hindus by kashmiri Muslim&#39;s

This movie is only biased ...... Anti hindu shame on vidhu vinod chopra. Guys watch <a href="">#the_kashmiri_files</a>.

chutiya movie
The Kashmir file is 100 times better than shikaraVivek sir 

Militants nai nahi .... pura kashmiri muslims mile huve the .... salle

I really felt bad after a hindu kashmiri lady crying about the facts shown in dis movie just to appease muslims........ I just tell everyone who is watching dis film to just see a video of Hindu kashmiri lady crying soo badly....... Nw will u just watch dis film?

Fucking bastard you don&#39;t hav any rights to make film on kashmiri Hindus and show your secular views for appeasement on Islam....... When Kashmiri files is releasing why should you release same view film and appease muslim???...... If you are born to your hindu dad make films with correct facts instead of doing secular films..... I know your mom would hav got fucked with Bollywood khans so only ppl lyk u make secular and islamic films staying in India with 80% Hindus you show Hindus in bad lens..... Bollywood should be exposed and no one should see Bollywood films enough of Muslim man loving hindu lady and your secular type of films....... I wish your films flop in advance

Here's all the actor's family and last movie.
This film cannot justify the real struggl faced by the people and is somewhat biased. But we have accept its a good try.

Chutiya movie hai ye uss se achha h the Kashmir fiels dekho 11 March ko release hogi

Iska baap ....the Kashmir files ...aa raha hai...

....Your father Vivek Agnihotri has come to read the true story.....
Kashmiri files is way better than this movie.

They make joke of the pain of Kashmiri Hindus Shame on u

What a shit movie is this

u even make a love story on death.. spinelesss idiots.. sach dikhaoo.. ye romance nahi..

Islam is a Disease to the World

Whole movie is based on myth and fake secularism

Joot hi joot failaaao dlo
Hindustan in their mouth, Pakistan in their heart, they want to make this also Islamistan, this is just the story of these mullahs.
Plz watch the kashmir file maybe ankhe khule use dekhkr

After watching a movie today, I didn't even feel like watching any movie. The story is full of love. Or the temple will be built here, it would be good if Kashmir is taken away, or the temple will be built here. bole todo mt leader wo h jo jode haha ​​wht rubbish faltu movie aj tk ki
Ye sale movies yesi banate hai ab aai hai the kasmiri file deko

Either show the Kashmir exodus or show the chemistry between the two couples, both of them. From this one he will not get anything.
Do watch Kashmir files by vivek agnihotri far better then this movie Do watch <a href="">#THEKASHMIRFILES</a>

Are you ashamed of yourself for making such a stupid movie? Look at the Kashmir files. Vivek ji and have the courage to show the truth.
Such a  crap ..Fake propaganda Movie by  Hinduphobic bollywood

Kashmir file
Bullshit movie .... Painted it wrongly and manipulated it.... Not even near to truth.... Plzz watch The Kashmir files for truth

shame on makers...sikularism ke chhode....

The kashmir files ...must watch thee real story is there

Shit movie

The kashmir files 

Worst movie I have ever watched. Who is the idiot director of this movie. Return my money worst,worst, worst,worst. Nothing is good in this movie misleading, false story. 
For real truth of kashmir pundit, you should watch <a href="">#TheKashmirFiles</a>

Secular story, beyond the truth

Maha vahiyat movie 
Quran is the reason for all this havoc in world There will be no peace in the world untill every Quran reader is vanished from this earth

The Kashmir files 

Who is waiting for the  11 March &quot; THE KASHMIR FILES &quot;

The director has made this movie wrong. Guys, I have just watched the Kashmir files trailer. Brother, I am not showing the reality in this movie, which is to be seen in Kashmir files.
Not a good script. No real truth. Just the &quot;Cosmetic&quot; version that we see in the News. You VVC are a incomplete director. No research

Fuck this movie with 72 lund

Just for information asking why the Kashmir pandits do not go back and create their own presence in Kashmir? I feel that kashmiri pandit men are weak as they do not have guts to take back their ancestors land.

You Want A Slap take It From Kashmir files ...

KAHMIR FILES HIT HARD MORE THAN THIS

How much they get from Bollywood mafia,, for making this flim...!!!!

When Hindus will do casteism by considering only their own caste as great, then one day Hindus will become refugees in their own country. We are Rajputs, we are Yadavs, you are a cobbler, we belong to a lower caste family. Do not drink water. Eradicate casteism, only then Hindu nation will be possible, otherwise forget it.
&#39;The Kashmir files&#39; movei aari h ab Shikara movei me sab jhut tha ! Ab sach samne ayega 11 march KO the Kashmir files!

Stupid movie stupid director budha sathiya gaya h
Just realised how the director sugar coated the whole incident!!! AFTER THE KASHMIR FILES

<a href=""> real story of kashmiri hindu genocide is out today. The makers of shikara must watch watch learn.

The kashmir files aa gyi hai ..ab is movie ko acha slap marna padega 

Who are here after watching kashmir files

Only kashmir filesVivek agnihotri

Good trailer but such a garbage movie, I hope kashmir files will show the actual truth

Got punishment just for patriotism
Go and watch the Kashmir files trailer That trailer looks much realistic than yours

Agya Trailer Kashmir Files ka  Shikara toh jaaak hai aur nahi hai
i always wished a documentary or film should have been made on the Kashmiri pandits Genocide ..... Its directed by a talented person

This Movie Touch My Soul And Won My Heart ️ I Remember 2 Years Ago I Watched This Movie With My Students ( Manti ️ Arit  ).Now I Badly Miss Those Days 

Every kashmiri Muslim will have to pay for this crime. Even Allah will not spare them.

Jai shree ram Jai hind.jai bharat
Goosebumps
Whenever we vote, we will remember the sacrifice of Kashmiri Pandits.
I think there has to be movie of covid too where many Hindus been killed due to lack of oxygen and thrown in ganga not even the antim sanskar done. People died outside of hospital lack of bed, lack of doctor, and because of stupid government. If you have a guts then make movie on this. Trust me this movie will get the more rating then kashmiri pandits movie.

It&#39;s good to launch a movie during election time. And it&#39;s good to develop hatred in people. The country vch has got 70% Hindus 14% Muslim That country couldn&#39;t able to help kashmiri pandits,  strange. There are many pandits been killed by their own Hindus today but nobody uttered a single word. There are Muslims who been burned alive in the train, there are Muslims who been slaughtered in the name of beef, babies who been raped in the temple. And then the country talk about religion. First we all need to learn what is religion. And the biggest strange thing is that the Hindus has the highest beef consumption in India than Muslim. As the south Indian Hindus cannot live without beef. And half of the Muslim in this country live below poverty where they hardly afford one time food so they cannot afford meat. Remaining 8% afford it. But if you divide India into north and south counting 70% Hindus population the highest consumption of beef is used in Hindus. So it&#39;s very strange and hurtful that India has senseless people. Anyway people are jobless of course nowadays nd definitely they don&#39;t have any other work so they will keep watching movies which can kill there humanity.  Best of luck and good luck.

And liberals did what???Didn&#39;t raised voice for them just because they were hindus ??????/Ram Buddhi de tumhe

This is an emotion

I am secular until everyone get justice
If you are watching this in 2022 do watch The Kashmir Files in theaters.

By milking everyone we will age...whatever is done is done...
This is why we need hindu rashtra 
400000 hindus become refugees you didn&#39;t mention that and just to for secularism wrote indians 

Im an Indian and India is not one country there arr many countries in this country.... Religion, Caste, Skin tone... People will always ask you your Surname in this country to know which religion you belong to your one of our own or not...

Caste-based differences have also been practised in other religions in the Indian subcontinent, like Nepalese Buddhism, Christianity, Islam, Judaism and Sikhism.Muslim society has the concept of purity and pollution of caste. The lower-class (Ajlaf) Muslims of the region have faced other forms of discrimination. Upper-class (Ashraf) Muslims dominated government jobs and parliamentary representation.  There have been cases in which upper caste Muslims have opposed the burial of lower caste Muslims in the same cemetery.  A study found that there exists a caste hierarchy in the Muslim community.  The Sweeper Group is ranked the lowest. Other Muslim communities do not allow sweepers to touch the cooking vessels of upper ranking groups of Muslims.

That&#39;s why we support BJP JAI HINDUTVA JAI RSS 

Kashmiri Pandits ️️️️️
We respect secularism... But secularism should be from both side...&quot; We became refugee in our own country.. this line hit me hard &quot;And this happened in so called secular govt. Such a shame !!!

This is an example of secular india.feeling proud

Islam is haram 
Typical Bollywood movie, Where is the untold story here. A person gets to make movie on the Kashmiri Pandit Genocide and decides to romanticize. Very typical

I think the movie Is good.. Bt more focus is on their love story... Than about the situation....

Go and watxh kashmir files now

&quot;They are beastly people with a beastly religion. They are not fit to rule, fit to be ruled.- Winston Churchill.Muslim rule in India will come to existence again in sha Allah.

I love this movie

This is what u called a movie.  Not the same bullshit of Bollywood. Actress was underrated.  Her talent shows in this movie... face expressions are just like Tabu.

What do we want? AZAADI
I am very disturbed after watching this movie. Kashmiri Pandit Bhai. The pain of my sisters is like a nightmare for me. Whenever I think about them, there are thousands of kisses in my heart.
OMG !! I can&#39;t believe this is a bollywood filmReally appreciate to bollywood 

Jay ho kasmir

Jai Dwa Kadish
Jay bjp

Jay hind
Jay shrre ram
hindu muslim bhai bhai
Where can I get the music playing in the background from <a href="">2:18</a> - <a href="">2:22</a>?

Sikh is our brother Sikh is our brother what happened in 84 
1989 muslim 2002 mouslim Babri masjid Muslim abhi to aur bhi hai Muslim ko mara kis ne tha Hindu ne

Islam &quot;A religion of peace&quot;

Siddat movi ki tarah koi movi ho to batao

vidhu vinod chopra so cleverly made this film, failed to show the truth not even 10 percent,kashmiri exodus and wt happened with them is more than this movie. director is moron thats y many kashmiri pundits disown his movie, its not truth, no ialamic radicalisation showed by this moron director.

There is a Hindu who abuses Modi Yogis even today.
Jai shree ram

I just started reading &quot;Our moons has blood clots&quot; by Rahul pandita. It&#39;s his memoir of Kashmir and the bloody day. VVC should have made a movie of this book rather than his whitewashed version.

Shame on the director and producer they didn&#39;t show radical Islam.Boycott Shikara

What have I done that I am not allowed to live in my house??
ghatiya presentation of trauma of kashmiri pandits. kab tak ye charsee , hindu-vyathaa ka mazaak banate rahenge. Boycott karo, thumbdown karo es bollywood jehadi presentation ko

This is what happens when even a victim turns woke.

Inshallah One day our Kashmir will be free

The name &#39;Congress&#39; is a shrap/curse for the Hindu community

This movie is itself a joke which could not be able to show the reality.

Mesmerising movie and acting.....Shikara Hindi movie in Netflix... just mind-blowing...this kind of movies don&#39;t get big multiplexes due to 3rd grade Bollywood so called star kids movies. The acting...story .. direction...aha mesmerising...our taste could have been better if we been abstained to see so called mashala movies and get an opportunity to see good movies like Shikara.

Iam a kashmiri and i felt that pain 

32k dislikes, ig the propoganda against is just a conspiracy theory 

Hey ,this is a act of crime , ur just putting fuel to the hatred ,I&#39;m a kashmiri ,and I&#39;ve seen many Pandit families living happily in my area since their birth and their age is like above 80 and their children&#39;s too live here ,and there r many others ,Kashmiris never have this kina mentality or conscience to do such things ,well I&#39;ve heard different stories and others have their different stories,But all I know is that a kashmiri can never do such things ,by showing this ur just putting chaos on its peak...We&#39;re peace loving people and by depicting and showing things like this u r just heeding things that will just bring nothing out of anything...Stop this kina stuff and be at peace ,We&#39;re humans and we all understand human behavior and human feelings ,All I know is that a kashmiri will wellcome anyone with the same warmth like he would do for his own ones ..Just go through the comment sections see what u have put forward ,Hate and chaos ,Think before u act ,Peace..

Future Kerala
day of muslims
What a movie wawo super

Indian film and news totally fake dont trust them

Touching movie and heart rending reality :(

Bibi is alive
Me and my family was living that moment while watching the film...we were walking through the horrifying memory lane....my heart completely broke...

Kashmir  is sanskrit  name it is always  apart  of india

I m pandit ️
See!...DSP Is BHAIG SAHAB ...Dont make me desparate in his name...I dont want to become beggar or desparate.

Ab pata chala kunal k saalo K letter ka influence me to call to president on hotel mountview. SO DONT CALL ME INSANE.ITS UR MOTIVE...THATS  JUST CRUEL.

The trailer is better than the movie

<a href="">1:29</a>  after that Pakistan killed her

Also make Moplah Genocide Hyderabad 1948 massacre 

You saal film makers, writers are like extremists, you are playing with people's sentiments, you are using the names of Kashmiri Pandits to make your film a hit and you are not even showing any fear, you are fooling people that that's all with them. hua tha . If only he knew the true truth, then the heart became aware that man has become cruel. You are such double faced people who are ashamed to show the truth.
This is whole fake story see the real story in this video <a href="">

Lauda congress did this and their impotent leaders good for nothing did this to hindhus

Maybe the future of kerela, west bengal, assam

Guys read the historyThis happened because of Indian governmentThe party which were trying to run the Kashmir equallyEqual rights to everyoneThey were chosen by both Muslim Hindu peopleBut they lost because indian govt did cheat with the systemThen that party took guns the rest is what u knowIndian government is corrupt

allah is the biggest curse to humanity

Ok I dint find any muslim comment who showing sympathy but they show symahty to Palestine because muslim only care about muslim

Where there is brotherhood in Hindu majority, where there is brotherhood in Muslim majority, true secularism exists.
The justice for this innocent souls’ sacrifices will be done one day!

We must be united! 

Review film Shikara

<a href="">#JagoHinduJago</a>

FOR YOUR KIND INFORMATION, THIS IS NOT THE REAL STORY. IT IS FAKE AND NOTHING HAPPENED LIKE THAT IN KASHMIR.

These jihadis can never improve
Also make a film on those 50 thousand homeless Muslims of Muzaffarnagar who were made homeless by Hindus.
Because Kashmiri Pandits are a brave Hindi community, the government has not cheated me... You are a Pandit... I live in Kashmir... Pandits brother love from MP.  do not worry, with the help of Swabhmaan you people will remain healthy in Kashmir... Kashmir is named after Risi Kashyap...
This is what has happened with the people of Delhi. Hindus also did the same.
And Thank God I had the pleasure to watch it in the theatre just before the corona outbreak!

The Kashmiri Pundits saying that this movie didn&#39;t even show a fraction of the atrocities they had to endure is completely relatable! But this small fraction itself wasn&#39;t easy to digest! It was already so heartbreaking and teary ! Had they shown more, the viewers would have had a painful emotional breakdown! So yes, they couldn&#39;t have done a better job!But honestly, if it weren&#39;t for this movie , I would have never known the story of our Kashmiri Pundits and the pain that was inflicted upon them..

The main fault of this situation was Indian government(then).

a sab galat hyy...ham kashmiri o k bare meh
It is better for kashmir to be Independent/ be with India. But they should never join pakistan. If they want the development of kashmir. But also Bjp should not do politics on it. India ki economy shrink ho rahi hai hai. Bangladesh ka gdp per capita India se zyada ho gya hai. Please focus on development and education like China

I am an Indian muslim from west bengal.If  Muslims from kashmir have really done this. Then they must suffer. I was a suppoerter of Independent kashmir but after knowing this. I don&#39;t support them.

I salute you humans for what you do in the name of Dharma 
A movie that was supposed to bring out the sufferings of Kashmiri Pandits ended up demonising them. This is bollywood for you. <a href="">#boycottbollywood</a> <a href="">#justiceforSSR</a>

I have not heard any peaceful (muslim) comment.
<a href="">1:30</a>

Excellent concept and good pictorisation, impressed

India safe for MuslimsPakistan safe for Muslims hope everyone understand

What has been done wrong to Hindus?
Use time congress ki sarkar thi jitne hindume congress ke supporters ho aaj se  10 year baad kl tumhre bahen betiyo ka rep hoga tum  anpa ghar chorje bhagoge

That&#39;s the reason why i always stand with Israel

Kerala&#39;s future

Very big thanks to VVC for raising this topic!

Sub jooth ha is movie me
Movie wasn&#39;t that good as the trailer is

Shame on Vidhu Vinod Chopra fucking haters of Hinduism. They proved their hatred for Hinduism in films like PK and Lage Raho Munna Bhai. And in this film they&#39;ve deliberately done the marketing of this film as if it&#39;s actually about the plight of Kashmiri Hindus but in reality this film was nothing but a cliched love story and the entire Exodus and the pain of the Kashmiri Pandits was pushed right at back of the film, and it was as if the makers of this film were justifying their genocide and exodus.

Huhh.... So what about the kashmiri muslims who r still suffering... India is killing us every day...

It&#39;s happening in bengal and Kerala history repeats itself

Why can&#39;t we let people live?Why can&#39;t we live with peace? Either it&#39;s a Muslim or a Hindu this annihilation can not be tolerated.

UNLILES FROM THE RELIGION OF PISS

That's why CM of every state should be like Yogi.. even in the afternoon Hindutva will remain alive.
Future of Bengal ...Mamta ke karan

Sometimes after watching such movies it seems that God must not exist. One can hear the widow's cry of Gujarat riots every month but rarely hear their names even once in a year. This can be understood even in such moments. What would be the pride of the Hindus of Punjab and Bengal in the time of our ancestors and Batwara, it is said that they stole their home, did not take up arms but even after this did not abandon their religion, the sound in such a movie is too much because it is important to remain a little less. It's been like this for 30 years
India needs israel policy on terror

Pure love story+emotional story of kashmir .. Loved this moviepraying for betterment of Kashmiri people.. Ending was soo emotional.. This movie is soo much underrated

Is this movie in Amazon prime now ?

This jihad was carried out by terrorists as well as their Muslim servants, the film is wrong.
Will come but will drive you away first!
In which railway station the so called seculars and liberals,human right activist are clapping by wearing bangles during this genocide???

Bengal main everything is about to end
After the victory of Mamta Banerjee,This is happening in West Bengal right now 

Jo kashmir me hoa,  wo galat tha.  Wo galat tha.  Ab india me hoga tab kya karoge.  Comment  me jawab do

I am a Muslim and I really  feel sad for Kashmiris. don&#39;t know what has happened to humanity.

jesa karo gay wesa baro gy
Hey lady, lady, are you still haunted by terror today? You will come again and again, but you will not feel disturbed.
I want to know the hidden truth, thats why I wanna watch this movie, can any body help me to download this movie???

Sab kuch politics tha bhai .. Kashmiri Muslim  ka koye dosh nahe esmae.

Kashmiris only die for their freedom, they don't kill anyone, they don't remember anyone who dies.
Sab kuch jhoot hai yeh sirf deshat felana chate hai asa kuch be nhi hua hai

Awesome filling ️️️
Whoz next? Bengal or Kerala?
Every One needs Freedom. Free Kashmir you indian politics and armt

Where can this movie be downloaded?? Please reply
Was there a movie of this?
Movie lead actors are muslim. They did a fantastic job with their potrayal as hindus !  The heroine looks very pretty with Bindi !  Ending is very sad.

Loved the movie . Not every depiction of truth needs to be raw and agressive . It can be simple,   subtle yet truthful .

Reality of muslims and islaam

I am a Kashmiri Muslim I am in tears right now

In this movie, we show that a 56 year old teacher was raped by his 24 year old student and hundreds of people of Girija Tikku were gang raped and killed with a machine that brought them alive. Why did a wife force herself to eat rice soaked in her husband's blood every day from the Masjid? This was the message... If a man wants to steal his own body if he wants to stay alive then Sadkon will find pieces of his dead body in the garbage. The movie is a small pot of water with a pandit's mouth full of salt and acid...If you watch it then you are sad..Open the internet and see what actually happened..
I&#39;m Kashmiri

Very emotional

Bollywood has no shame. Romance is the main and central theme along with nice grand bgm instead of the extent of atrocities and mental torture that the Kashmiri Pandits had to suffer.

Beta just wait for &quot;Kashmir files&quot; to be released phir aazadi bolne par 100 jute na pade to batana.Jai shree ram

tomorrow its gonna be your state 
I honestly felt that while actors did a great job, the story was poorly written and it ends up deviating from the theme, the Kashmir thing just ended up as a backdrop. The movie fails to show the impact of these things on entire lives of people but makes it a romantic movie.

It was a massacre, not a love story. And there’s no such thing as Kashmiri Muslims, people from POK inhabited there and called themselves as “Kashmiri’s”

We want freedom

Miss you my home my kashmir After a long time, I am going to live in my home and that&#39;s why I am watching this video from Vadodara Gujarat last time.

This side doesnot show in western media

Reality to be seen is not there in this movie Gandu log Same cheej Muslim logo ke saath hoti tab Samaj aata
# IT WAS COMPLETE IMPOTENCY OF CONGRESS REGIME....THEY MUST HAVE GIVEN FREE HAND TO MILITARY AND INTELLIGENCE BUREUEA, TO ELEMINATE THESE ELEMENTS....

Why r u not showing the pain of kashmiri people who don&#39;t want to be part of indian country. It&#39;s time to talk about and take step for kashmir . And what about lock down , Indian army is totally disgusting and govt is blind .

We need web series on Pakistani and Afghanistan Hindus 

Congratulations for 1 year of Shikara

Learn something from muslims, this is called unity.

Ya koun sw movie h
Can any producer dare to make movie based on Gujrat Riot ? This is hypocrisy.

A film about the plight of the Kashmiri Pandits but both the lead stars are Muslim.A great way to lend authenticity to the events of 1990. I&#39;m pretty sure they understood the emotions of a Hindu Kashmiri Pandit.Very disappointing to say the least, in a country of 1,3+ billion people, not to mention over 400,000 of exiled Kashmiri Pandits, Vinod Vindhu Chopra, couldn&#39;t find two Hindu actors to fill the roles.

I really criticized.. bht galat hua pandito k saath

see this issue 370
In Kashmir, where Hindus were once 90 percent, today they are 1 percent.
In nutshell i want to say &quot; shame on you &quot;Tum loguun nai he kmr ka maahole kharaab kiya ....Thoo on director and producer......rih

Go and watch Srinagar Trailer ... You will get the TRUTH ABOUT KASHMIRI PANDITS ...This movie hiding the truth nd  just romanticize everything.

I really liked the movie, I don’t know why the movie is so poorly rated on imdb

This is totally propaganda jagmohon has throven out of kashmir kashmiri pandits

Shikara (2020) ⮘ f&#39;u&#39;l&#39;l M&#39;o&#39;V&#39;i&#39;E ⮘ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ ɴᴏᴡ ☛ <a href="">watchanddownloadnow.blogspot. com/tt10930586/wadn.html</a><b>All Subtitles</b>√ Lorsqu&#39;une pilule qui donne aux utilisateurs cinq minutes de super pouvoirs inattendus arrive dans les rues dela Nouvelle-Orléans, un adolescent marchand et un policier local doivent faire équipe avec un ancien soldat pour&quot;&quot;faire tomber le groupe responsable de sa fabrication. √When a pill that gives users five minutes of unexpected superpowers hits the streets of New Orleans, a teenage dealer and a local cop√must team up with a former soldier to take down the group √responsible for creating it. &quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;*-&quot;
Shikara (2020) ⮘ f&#39;u&#39;l&#39;l M&#39;o&#39;V&#39;i&#39;E ⮘ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ ɴᴏᴡ ☛ <a href="">moviesonfullhd.blogspot. com/tt10930586/yes.html</a><b>All Subtitles</b>################# Good CopYright########### ######√ Lorsqu&#39;une pilule qui donne aux utilisateurs cinq minutes de super pouvoirs inattendus arrive dans les rues dela Nouvelle-Orléans, un adolescent marchand et un policier local doivent faire équipe avec un ancien soldat pourfaire tomber le groupe responsable de sa fabrication. √When a pill that gives users five minutes of unexpected superpowers hits the streets of New Orleans, a teenage dealer and a local cop√must team up with a former soldier to take down the group √responsible for creating it. &quot;&quot;&quot;!?&quot;
⮚ Shikara (2020) f&#39;u&quot;l&#39;l M&#39;o&#39;V&#39;i&quot;E ⮘Watch: <a href="">playmovieoncinemax.blogspot.com/tt10930586/wia .html</a><del>All Subtitle</del>√ Lorsqu&#39;une pilule qui donne aux utilisateurs cinq minutes de super pouvoirs inattendus arrive dans les rues dela Nouvelle-Orléans, un adolescent marchand et un policier local doivent faire équipe avec un ancien soldat pourfaire tomber le groupe responsable de sa fabrication. √ When a pill that gives users five minutes of unexpected superpowers hits the streets of New Orleans, a teenage dealer and a local cop must team up with a former soldier to take down the group √responsible for creating it. &quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot; √
Shikara (2020) ⮚ Füll MöVíë ⮚ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ ☛ <a href="">moviewiacin.blogspot.com/tt10930586/hd.html</a>`All Subtitle Available&#39;########### ###### CopYright################√ Lorsqu&#39;une pilule qui donne aux utilisateurs cinq minutes de super pouvoirs inattendus arrive dans les rues dela Nouvelle-Orléans , un adolescent marchand et un policier local doivent faire équipe avec un ancien soldat pour—faire tomber le groupe responsable de sa fabrication. √ When a pill that gives users five minutes of unexpected superpowers hits the streets of New Orleans, a teenage dealer and a local cop must team up with a former soldier to take down the group responsible for its creation.***
False story shown

We will save Kashmir by freeing it.
Jai shree ram 
Guys seriously i m with you I am from haryana but seriously i am feeling so shame on congress and on Hindu&#39;s who didn&#39;t take any actionBro I don&#39;t know why i am crying and feeling so shamePlease sorry sorryi born in 2003 but still whenever I heard about this i got pain in my chest and tear rolling out from eyes.Please sorry..

Worse is happening to Muslim minorities  in Kashmir right now under fascist Modi. A disgrace to the teachings of Gandhi. The Hindu Indian population have lost their way.

HINDU
The problem with indian government is that they own Kashmir but not the Kashmiris.. you have to win their hearts first ..

I just love the movie and @ last tears flowed through my eyes.

One day India will be Hindu country.

They are hiding the truth , plz don&#39;t watch such movies. You can watch&quot; srinagar &quot; Movie instead of this.

<a href="">2:08</a> we can just hope, even though giving pandits their rights seems impossible in bjp rule. They have turned Kashmir into hell, even pandits will not want to return. Bjp gets votes in pandits name but didnt gave home to any kashmiri pandit

The story really broke me from inside......!

This is totally hiding the reality

Shame on you bolloywood

shame on  u kashmiri peoples
Kashmir is a valuable part of Hindu Rashtra.
Dont show us love story, show us the truth about what happened in kashmir during exodos of kashmiri hindus 

OMG how dangerous.... it&#39;s similar like Hindu in Bangladesh

Now is the time to take revenge from them
Propaganda piece nothing more nothing less

This is a family movie isn't it??
Itz all fake

Jannat.me.gair.muslim.koi.jaghaNhi.h.

Sad thing is everyone has played politics on those nobody tried to resolve their issues.

They aren&#39;t refugees They are IndiansSometime something happened for reasons , hope they will return soon in future..

Another political stunt still waiting for truth

My home land my house jihadis burned it Ram will never forgive them

32k dislikes... sure Pakistanis are jealous after seeing Benazir Butto&#39;s hypocrisy being displayed here.

Today i saw this movie and my heart cried . Full of anger and feeling the injustice

Trailer of &quot;shrinagar&quot; have done more justice than this whole film called shikara. Check it and tell me what u feel about it

I had seen this movie bt director failed to express true emotions of kashmiri hindu.. Is better trailer wasim rizvi ki SRINAGAR ND Mudda 370 ka hai.. Pls like nd share tht movies trailer.. Goosebumps na aaye to bolna jo loga 370 k support krte unka aaina dikhane layak h ye movies

Ab isme bhi love ko ghused do

We will never forget this atrocities against Kashmiri Pandits.
God forbid this happens to anyone.  God forbid everyone gets their rights. The oppressors should be destroyed.
What do the administrators of that place do while they are keeping us free…the traitorous people should also come out in the same way…we are the bastards…..
This will happen in all India in future 
What is happening with kashmiri pandits it not right. More than anything the world needs peace. Nobody has the right to take away a person&#39;s home and claim it their own. It&#39;s such a shame that some people do it. Forget the hindu Muslim ... Look at people like people.Allah has promised justice to each. Indeed those who have done wrong will face him on the judgement day!

Achha brainwash kiya h madherc<a href="">#0d</a> Congress ne... Ye Kashmiri Pandit kya hota h... Saaf saaf bolona hindu ko bhagaya tha... Bsdk brainless tum ho hum nhi. ...we did not understand whose fate it was but the matter was considered religious that is why Kashmiri Pandits were spoken instead of Hindus.
keren &lt;3 from indonesia

One thing in this movie is most underrated is the acting of the actors,so perfect

Next place is kerela Assam West Bengal and uttar Pradesh Bihar
the kashmir files is real movie about kashmir by vivel agnihotru

BELARUS FREEDOM!Donate please1NTiHDW3mA1MQufu2Rs1dhEXPXfRPtNe1J
Kashmir is the heart of India and the rule of India...
It&#39;s not true I think

After watching This movie... If it&#39;s true story...... Then I&#39;m ashamed of being a kashmiri  I&#39;m in depression cox of situations of kashmir 

Upload this on  hotstar please

Very nice movie. All the actors acted so well...

I proude to be a pandit

That is reason I hate mus......

Shame on Bollywood

Reality was not shown at all  it survived 10 times more, loudspeakers in mosques, and why did it not show scenes of kidnapping and rape of women, why did it not become a source of profit 
Best movie ever
Where Jihadis are seen only
Link of full movie plz.

<a href=""> 

Why A Kashmiri Refugee Camp Was Named As ‘Aurangzeb’s Dream?

’ – The Historical Context Of Psychological Trauma

This movie is just a piece of joke. Far away from reality. How exodus of kashmiri pandiths happen &amp; real criminals are not shown in the movie. Go through the real history &amp; facts.Bollywood is befooling you &amp; only running their business &amp; making money out of ur emotions &amp; sentiments..

Fraud movie
When they got a chance, they vacated Kashmir. And till today we could not even switch off the loudspeaker. Why?
Where was liberandus when this people thrown away from their home

Plz give the vedio link of movie SHIKARA

this is exactly What indian army is doing to innocent muslims of kashmir !! <a href="">#kashmirbelongtoPakistan</a>

This is not complete truth

Jai shree ram bhaiyo

People kept aside nepotism topic and praised janhvi kapoor They feel patriotism in that filmThey people donot except this movie..Janhvi you are beautiful, hard worker and humble One question Is shikara actors are not hard worker.We got many patriotic movies But this movie is different.Fools always like starkids and next minute they said stop nepotism in Bollywood

Drama drama drama.... There is a lot more truth... I like making a love story on this big issue..
WO ( KASHMIRI PANDIT ) armed rebel BHI BAN can make his cause with JK GOVT THI, NO INDIAN MEDIA NA NO INTERNATIONAL MEDIA N INTERNATIONAL HELP NA BOLLYWOODNA USS WAQT KI CENTRAL GOVT (JO CONGRESS THI). Tabhj unho n always peace n secularism. Have you ever believed in armed rebellion?
After all this, Bhi Aaj Tak KASHMIRI PANDITO n AK 47 Uthaane Baat Nhi Aur &quot;secularism&quot; I believe in our constitution and for justice.
This much happened with Kashmiri Pandits
Always indoctrinated your people with love stories lieing in the name of Bollywood never mentioned the blood she&#39;d of Muslim majority and illegal occupation by Indian military hippacracy is the best policy thank you bollywood

fake propaganda aganist kashmiri muslims nd jammu dogras...fake movie...

Pakistan Murdabad
Osm
It felt very bad to know that four lakh Hindus were thrown out of their homes, helpless in their own country, and there was no one to listen to them? I do not like the Prime Minister of this country but he has done a good job in opening Kashmir for all of you. Thanks to vidhu vinod chopra for showing us this wonderful movie actors are fabulous.
If you watch a movie then it's super duper, then watch the movie and you will become crazy about the song.
Fake movie... About Kashmir.. never show actual Kashmiri pain and suffering genocide of Kashmir people.. only for money you make movie,.



There are no 400000 people, there is no force of militants or radical Islamists... Shame shame you look like this...
Its a fiction not a reality about what had happened in kashmir.

Huge Respect for Vidhu Vinod Chopra

O valley princess, tell me how are you? O valley princess, tell me how are you. Am I empty in your house? Are you also like that? O valley princess, tell me how are you? Is the sun still golden with you? Is it a soft summer afternoon? Is the evening sun still setting? The roof of a mud house. O valley princess, tell me how are you, one day I will come back to meet you, what is in my heart, I will tell you everything, I have been broken for some years, I am your son, I am a Pandit..., I am a Kashmiri Pandit... 
Nice story 
Kashmir belongs to Hindus and not to Muslims, Modiji should send Kashmiri Pandits to their fathers.
What a movie, please watch it once, it's a very good movie.
Hyancha aychaaaa gho !  Marathi men should directly go to Kashmir and POK and stay there... baghuch kon kai upat-to te.

They don't have the courage to show such things in the name of the director, they have completely lost their power and they don't even feel like they have fallen like animals, that's why they are making movies which are fake or unrealistic.
Hindus have become enemies of Hindus.
Agar hamri indian army No Huminity army na hoti to kya hota hamra yarrr Long live huminity army 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
This is a quality of good film. not a  aksay kumar fucky housefull 3 film.

why had not shanti and shiv any child??

I saw the burned houses of kashmiri pandit in j nd k. It was miserable

Why do they cast all muslim actors to play hindu roles I dont get it -Sadira khan playing shanti dharr. Sadira, why ashamed of using your full name?Adil khan - Shiv kumar dhar. Salman khan - bajrangi bhaijanAlia bhatt - hindu girl in kalank.Madhuri dixit - hindu girl plays muslim tavayaf in kalankVarun dhawan - hindu boy plays muslim man in Kalank.Sushant singh rajput - hindu boy forced to play muslim man in KaidarnathSaara ali khan - Muslim woman made to play hindu pandit daughter in kedarnath?and so many more I can go onThe hypocrisy and agenda of Bollywood funded by daud, saleem, underworld, mafia,  is clear. It enrages me to no limit.

I&#39;m a Kashmiri Pandit and they were not able to show even 1 iota of the Atrocities and Mental Tortute that we and our Future Generations had to go through.

Bollywood people have gone mad and even make a cake in the name of a picture 
Gandu Bollywood atankvad ko love  story bnake kyu dikha rhe ho...

Kya movie h zabardast aur A R RAHMAN sir ko salute for such beautiful music
Rather than focusing on the circumstances of Kashmiri pandit this movie focus on the chemistry of couple.  Seriously it&#39;s a shame 

GREAT FILMTHE PAIN ... HIDDEN YET.  HOPE ALL KASHMIRI PANDIT GET JUSTICE!

Freedom till death
In the movie, there is nothing like this, I have just covered the pot.
Movies should be like this Movie. The Best. .

Today I saw this movie  And I become  the Big Fan of this movie . Seriously this movie touch my heart 

10000000000000 claps for the brave Kashmiri pandit women who spoke in front of vidhu....... whatever , who was given a shameless reply .

This will be same in kerala ..hindu people dont sleep

even a little
I will pray that everyone's house will be filled with happiness. If you have seen my comment please do a SUBSCRIBE friend, 7 subscriptions will be completed, the target is 10.
Cry miss u

Nice movie.. Like wise make ghodhara incident movies too.. Otherwise it will make shikara a very narrow minded movie

They are saying Hindus to go but in actually they said Hindu males to go and leave females here. U can understand what their intention was.

This movie is also like the story of Pakistan, just like it said in the air strike that there is no power, this movie is also the same story where it is told that there is nothing in Jammu and Kashmir...
Me being an Indian will proudly say that Kashmir was never and shall never be a part of India. During partition it was forcefully taken by us from Pakistan.

There was peace in the world again 1400 years ago, whether a pig was born or there was destruction or laughter in the world
Those who haven't understood after watching this movie have missed the time to understand...because their plan is not just for Kashmir, they are just giving pain to India...
Such a great Rael movie, don't watch such a painful movie. Aadha dekhte hai started crying...he said God hai tu
Kashmiri Pandits will definitely get justice.
Kashmir Pandits will definitely get back one day Jai Parshuram
Excellent movie well done
Hrrr you will fuck a Muslim woman
Congress Madarchood

Karma is done with everyone…..ready to remain a Kashmiri Muslim….
Jai sri ram

Very nice movie..

Part/full time work without investment.Daily basis payment and no target based <a href="">work.In</a> covid-19 you can do work from your home.  To get the work write &#39;JOIN&#39; and send me on whatsaapp- 7800016240

Kashmir Kashmir always was a paradise but ruined by humans

It is the first time that Deshbasi has become a refugee while leaving the country.
its so emohtionaly

itna jhot 

New faces full of talent

What about dalits?? Dalits are aslo hindu but still they  suffered just like  this ..From upper cast hindu&#39;s .Why??

Bhai Hindi Muslim mat karo .. Those Kashmiri people who have done this… They are neither Hindu nor Muslim..
Very nice and heart touching movie

Only one Kashmiri Pandit has raised the stone.., one person has built Shaheen Bagh..That's my Sanatan Dharma..
Shame biased story

GOD BLESS THM TO KASHMIRI

This movie is putting salt on wounds of Kashmiri

Liberal Hindus should be stay away 

Selfish person made movie . To make money   by giving fake concepts. He is scared to tell truth mwat happen . I feel sad Hindu s  Still want to be slaves In there country or director scared of them

He went nagaland for some donation to the chief minister of nagaland so please include that part too so that the whole  of our country will know better about northeast indian and ensure them that  we are Brother&#39;s and sister&#39;s  not from China!  We all are 1 family ie INDIA!In Sushant sign Rajput history (to make great  India ) Jai Hind

So mind belowing is move this dange mohan garder me bi hoa the

Pakistan ZINDABAD we stand with kashmir. Kashmiris did the right thing in 1990 by expelling oppression.

Vidhu Vinod chopra disgusts me . He killed Kasmhiri pandits all over again . if you have guts to direct the truth only then make a movie or sit and mind your own fucking business !

Movie mislead real facts
You didn&#39;t show the real truth why ??? Why you named them &quot; militant &quot; they all who attacks on our Kashmiri pandits they are Islamic people who are not ready to live with Kashmiri pandits in Indian land

We demand resettlement of our Kasmiri brothers at the earliest! And we are ready to pay any prize for it.

Disowned ! No rape no genocide, nothing shown !

There&#39;s no point in seeing the other half!

Bollywood is trying to add fuel to the day.
Abi Virodho, they have shown the mistake of a movie in which they have shown that Muslims are supporting Pandits even though they have not killed them.
This will happen future in Kerala

Kashmir will become Pakistan &lt;3
Cowards have no land!!!!
Liberals go blind when they see this trailer

Aur karte rago hindu-muslim bhai bhai
The whole truth is not shown in the film
Jagmohan , a real dog make Kashmiri pandits homeless

Muslim log hmlog kitne izaat dete hai unlog hmlog k kya hai kya hai
<a href=""> is false story the real story is here on above link must watch and share.

Shame on Bollywood hatred felana h inko toh

Just a propaganda not reality,are they afraid to show the truth???

I hate this movie

nice movie definitely watch
We need way more movies which show the pain of kashmiri pandits. Its was not just about a love story

Suruwat m movir real dikhate dikhate romance ki trf le gye

Best story

Keep a movie aside..  the main issue..... Whatever happened is wrong .. It&#39;s India....

My home is in Anantnag kashmir but now my family live in Samba JammuLong live Jammu and Kashmir Long live India

I dont know why mus*ims were doing this

1% bi dard ni. We are ignoring the people of India, we are ignoring Kashmiri Pandits, we are facing Hindustan, we need revenge for our pain, we will meet everyone and we will definitely wait and watch.
Allah is not going to forgive kashmiri muslims (who did this)

Biggest mistake of kashmiri muslim

Nice song
And what is the oppression that has been happening to Muslims for years??
We should also change this  by driving away the Mullah-Katvos from Kashmir  by confiscating their property  Revenge of Rap with Rap  Revenge of Blood with Blood  Only then will those Kashmiri Pandits get peace  Brothers, we will have to take up arms please  
Jai ram raj

The truth of the terrorists has been hidden in this. These terrorists should have been shot. At that time they were brokers in politics. Now Modi has filled gunpowder in the backyard of Kashmiri terrorists.
Shame On Director of this movie ... Real incidents are totally hidden in this movie ... Don&#39;t watch this movie ... Plz ...

This would have shown the story of the mother-in-law and no Hindu would have sacrificed his mother's name. It's just a joke
