I came back to see this review lol. I still have my pixel 3. However I&#39;m about to upgrade to the pixel 8 pro. My battery in my pixel 3 is on its last legs 

Anything about pixel 3axl too??

Phones from 2015-2019 really had great backs

Anyone in 2023

Bro im going to buy google pixel 3 today 🇵🇰I want to use phone for long term like 3-5 years.. wish me luck

worst Pixel ever

Worth at 2023 120 dollars??
Let&#39;s take a moment to appreciate how much time and effort he puts into the content for us. Love the videos! <a href="">0:43</a> i love this.

I love how pixel 2xl was clearly the superior looking phone to the regular 2 but pixel 3 looks better then the 3xl

I&#39;m using the pixel 3 now because I had to send my s22 ultra out for repair... And this feels right I&#39;ve had it as a second phone for photography for like 2 years but never used it as my main... I&#39;m happier with the smaller size, I just want a new updated internal phone this size.

Google is simplicity! minimalistic approach

Is a pixel 3 good for the 2022 to 2024, UB ports also have mentioned it on its supported devices, How is it compared to oneplus 3/3T and 5/5T

Watched on my Motorola Edge S ️
I am very unhappy, the screen flashes green and productivity has this problem, I do not recommend buying Google products.

I&#39;m forced to hit the like button within the first 5 secs of all your videos....trust me!

SO. MUCH. NOTCH.

I&#39;m still using the smaller pixel 3, and i must say i haven&#39;t came across another smartphone that can beat the night mode currently at its price range lmao

Still using my Pixel 3.  Will get the smaller size Pixel 6

I brought this for 150 $ in 2021 is that worth

No small phones to fked up quicker our planet.
Our notch is bigger &amp; more uglier... take that Apple!

Theviduyapaiyen

I still think it&#39;s funny how Google didn&#39;t want him to share any info on the Pixel 3 despite how they are beyond leak heavy nowadays. The Pixel 6 was pretty much revealed. That being said, watching on a Note 20 Ultra.

I m really tired of watching samsung phones️

.

I love my renewed Google Pixel 3! It&#39;s amazing :)

Hello Markass BRownlee from the future!

what conspiracies? o___O

Apart from the great review I must say I like the t-shirt with 42 and where did you buy it if you could tell me please. It&#39;s a great number, why would you carr it?

The camera has fantastic clarity. Images are sharp and detailed with good colour balance. However, it still doesn&#39;t capture light as well as Samsung phones do right now.

Still have my Pixel 3 and I can confirm its one of the best phones out there!

I just ordered a Pixel 3, very much looking forward to checking out this phone, intriguing phone ..

wait he used &quot;do it for love -p holla&quot; here too? i thought it was just the airpods 2 video lol

Okay I have just the pixel 3, my biggest problem With this phone before I even know what it does is that it hurts my finger tips,I&#39;ve turned off all vibrations there&#39;s no way to turn off the other sensations but it still feels like it&#39;s vibrating underneath my fingertips!? Am I the only 1?!

I WISH GOOGLE COULD MAKE AN REALLY HD ICONS

Love my Pixel 3, bought Feb 2019 and doing really well still. Was expensive when I got it but the quality, battery life, camera and all round great experience makes it worth it.Get one cheap now - you&#39;ll love it!

I enjoy your video but that notch

Same phone, other thing is, battery charging issues. The battery is not working properly and my mom said that Google is offering a replacement, I litterally thought it won&#39;t be the same phone, but it will, which I am excited about because I cannot wait to try it with Google&#39;s first wireless charger!

Edit the title 

Watching on my 2 days Pixel 3. Solid !

Not as good my previous Samsung phones. Battery poor from the start but now just over a year old a lot of irritations including a strange quirk of a caller calling me twice i.e. when on a call I will get beeps that the same caller is calling simultaneously!!!!

damn I just got a new pixel 3 I thought the reviews would be pretty good but now I realize my phone probably sucks

Really don&#39;t see the problem with the notch o bought this phone after seeing this video and don&#39;t notice any problem with it the phone looks fine grow up the rest of the phone is fine

$799 is a bit much for me. Hopefully Pixel 4 will be like 

I have the 3xl and just noticed the downgraded our picture quality on everyone taking away their best feature of this phone ! just because I don&#39;t want to pay an extra fee to use it a month which was just recently added after having it for a year smh!  They are stupid , back to I phone...

Was a great phone for about 8 months it&#39;s almost been 2 years and the amount of problems I&#39;ve had with this phone is unreal. Never getting another Google phone

Now that the pixel 4a is released, lets get this for $200

Wait a second ... <a href="">7:02</a> - that&#39;s a OnePlus 6! Could just be me though.

Oof that notch is hideous

Watching this on my Moto G7power, thinking of updating phone, yeah that Notch is bigger than mine lol

Awesome review!

Nice.

Scence When do phones have ram WTF

Just ordered this phone. Sealed the deal for me finding out you can remove the notch in settings.

No headphone jack, no sale
No headphone jack???
<a href="">6:48</a> it&#39;s crazy how &quot;this is super google&quot; in 2018, is the same technology that Apple, OnePlus and Huawei are finally using now

Ah yes any hitchhikers guide to the galaxy fans?

why don&#39;t they have headphone jacks....smh

This looks worse than the iPhone

why does everyone hate a notch? he literally made minecraft to us

i can&#39;t even afford a freedom 251

Very nice smartphone.

it&#39;s ugly as fuck... wtf is that notch and chin

We all thought that if the Pixel 4 had more cameras everything else would be better the only thing better was the cameras but other than that no sd card support big chins we didn&#39;t want but we got anyways and no fingerprint reader what gives Google so that tells us that the previous Pixels even though they also didn&#39;t have sd card support was still better

That iPhone notch tho from the 3XL is way better than the Pixel 4&#39;s big top and bottom chin like the Galaxy S9 idk why pixel just didn&#39;t stay with the iPhone notch

Notch reminds me Hitlers moustaches 

Thank you for making this video I love how you&#39;re just straight to the point and not using extremely big wordslike other YouTube users have done to make the whole video just f*<b>***</b> confusing but thank you I&#39;m actually about to go purchase to pixel 3 XL and I just needed to get another opinion thank you for sharing everything you did I greatly appreciate it

I have the Pixel 3, my favorite phone ever. It is just so useful, everything works and is optimized.

How much?

I wish they would just change the display,cuz I love the back and the model is fine toothe camera is honestly the best but the display... meh not futuristic like others

Pixel 3 is the dopest small phone right now

Anybody still have this phone? How is it performing? I’m planning to buy this phone refurbished from amazon. Currently have the iPhone 8 and so sick of iPhone so planning to switch to this google pixel 3.

Although an iPhone user, I&#39;m becoming obsessed with Pixel phones and definitely want a 3 to compare the camera to my 11 pro.

It looks good on the front and the features are dope but the look on the back is actully terrible

2020 update, the call screen feature did come to the older pixels

What do you think about the &quot;not pink&quot; color? I thought it looked tan colored. I&#39;m on a panda Nexus 6P. I almost went for a Panda Pixel 2 xl but decided to wait. Now the Pixel 4 is out and I&#39;m not interested. I&#39;m going to buy a Pixel 3 xl but no Panda color way. I&#39;m thinking of going with the &quot;not pink&quot;. Please respond when you can. Thanks.

ugliest notch I have ever seen :-)

This is the most ugly phone I&#39;ve seen and just 4gb no external sd no jack,uuuuuu

Which phone(s) do you use for your personal use?

1 year later and it&#39;s still my prefered phone. Waiting for the 4a.

why no one ever mentioned anything about the call issues，or just bad luck of me

Notch of shame 

Watching this on Xr lmao

I am very disappointed with the phone AND google services. Google dropped the ball multiple times in their customer service and did not compensate for their mistakes in any way besides “I sincerely apologize.”



I decided to not get a warranty from Best Buy where I bought the phone because google offered a 1 yr manufacturing warranty. This was a big mistake. 



I bought the google pixel 3 because of the camera. The camera broke, which apparently is a problem for this phone (according to what I found online). First step to try and fix the phone is reformatting. 



I needed a google assistant to walk me through the steps to back up my material and reformat the phone. I asked the assistant 3 times if my photo and recordings were backed up (I confirmed this by looking at the transcripts of our conversation). She checked and confirmed that all was backed up. However, all of my recordings were lost. This set me back quite a bit with my work. Google ‘sincerely apologized’ (there wasn’t much else they could do with this one. And this same response was given when I felt there were other alternatives to fix their mistakes). 



The camera wasn’t fixed so I had to send my phone in and they would send a new one back to me. This means going without a phone for 2-3 weeks weeks.



Within a month of receiving the “new” phone, the battery dies completely by noon (4-5 working hours). I question if I had received a new phone or a refurbished phone? The phone that I sent in because of a broken camera battery lasted much longer and it was several months old. 



I now had to send the phone in again, go another 2-3 weeks without a phone. I was very disappointed with this product as it was said to be one of the better phones on the market and it wasn’t cheap. I requested a refund instead of another draw out exchange for a ‘new’ phone. 



I was told I would hear back from someone within 5 days. It took them 3 weeks to get back to me. And all I received was an email saying please call us. I called 6 more times until we finally arrived to unfavorable and disappointing answer. Each representative that I talked to said they would look into the issue and get back to me. Some promised to call me back within the hour, others the next day, some said in 1-3 days. No one ever got back to me so I had to continue to call and share my process all over again. On the 4th and 5th call, I asked to stay on the line while they looked into it since the previous representatives didn’t get back to me. Each time they assured me they would personally take are of it and promised to get back to me. I am a trusting person and so went along.  The google assistants were very nice; however, they all lacked follow through. This process went on for another 2 weeks and hours and hours on the phone with google. 



Each time I had told them that I am leaving the country right after christmas and thus am running out of time to send the phone in to get a ‘new’ one. 



They finally gave me an answer saying that their policy does not allow exchanges and cannot help me in getting a phone faster than within their 2-3 weeks exchange rate. It took me 6 weeks to get to this answer and I am now out of time because of leaving the country to get a replacement. All of this is clearly documented and recorded and they were not willing to compensate for their multiple mistakes in any way. They would just say. “I sincerely apologize.”



I do not recommend this phone or anything that will require you to rely upon google services.

I might switch to a google pixel I have a iPhone XR right now tell me should I or should I not

so bored hear u talk.
Who else thinks they should change the app icons

Hi Marques, can you please make a video addressing google camera app on pixel devices constant crashing. You can see the magnitude of the problem seeing the reviews on google play store. Google seems to be doing this on purpose.

So it&#39;s pretty much the same. All&#39;s they did is hold back some features from the 2 just so they could release a 3 and hope that dumb people would jump on board with buying the 3 even tho they just brought the 2

Ima buy this one

The notch is so big and the chin is so large ew

I got a pixel 4 ad 

Apple: has notchEveryone: Google and Samsung has notch:Everyone: 
At least the pixel 3 has more screen than the 4

Anyone else here with a shitty iPhone

just ordered mine getting here Saturday keeping it for a couple months while i save up

Friggin bathtub notch
I am currently a reluctant iPhone user. I started off a Galaxy user from the Galaxy S3 till the S5, and would immediately upgrade as soon as possible, and absolutely loved every model, that is until the Galaxy S6. I had the S6 briefly before losing it, and upgrading to the S7 but at that point, I was no longer a Samsung Galaxy Fan. I have always had the latest iPhone and Galaxy SmartPhones, one for business, and one for personal. Like I mentioned before I was originally a Galaxy fan above all, So I always made that my most used personal phone. However, since the S6, and no longer being a Galaxy Fan, I reluctantly became a iPhone user. Making the latest model my personal, and the model right under it my business phone. I say reluctantly because I was at one time the biggest Galaxy fan, and despite being familiar with using an iPhone, because always had an iPad. I never loved any iPhone product, and because of how Apple operates as a business, never wanted to become an iPhone user, but I did. Well, for the first time since the disappointing S6, I am considering getting away from the iPhone again. As of now I’m heavily leaning towards going back to my first love the Galaxy S model, but have thought about the Google pixel as well. My concern with the pixel is I will be lost and frustrated by its operating system. Because a long time ago when I was looking to purchase my first tablet, I did a ton of research, since I wanted to avoid buying an Apple, iPad even though I was familiar with it, and really like it. As I mentioned before rather not give business to a company like Apple, that in my opinion almost intentionally makes their users have to pay Top a Dollar for everything, and deliberately does things to maximize profits. So because of that I did a ton of research and everything I read either had the iPad as the best tablet with the Google Nexus a close second, or vice versa. So I purchased the tablet being rated the best that wasn’t an apple product and bought the Nexus. BIGGEST MISTAKE I EVER MADE, so I started doing some research on why despite it being called the best I hated it, and found out, that google nexus used a pure android operating system and for those familiar with it or comfortable with using it, realize how much better it is. However those not familiar with a Pure android operating system tend to have a huge learning and getting use to curve. Well the curve ended up being to great for me since I only used it a handful of times and then it just sat being unused for a long time till I decided to sell it on eBay. I should mention it held it’s value unbelievably well, and sold it for not much less than I paid considering how long I had it. Anyways ever since then and because I have also tried the Moto smartphone operating system and could never get use to it. I’m hesitant about going with anything than what I already know Samsung and/or Apple

Thanx mate I am looking at this phone to replace my Samsung as my plan has come to an end this was a good in-depth review I am excited

This guy puts me to sleep he seems he is so excited about this phone as if he was doing his taxes.

Honestly the best looking phone of all. Not to mention the best in general. I love it!

Pixel 3 =  budget specs at a flagship price ,a fine example of google trying to be apple an sell overpriced junk. Thank god we still have Samsung doing it right.

Where can I find the wallpaper seen on thumbnail? Links please!

Dual speakers worth the notch

Guys what is the flame icon in the status bar?

<a href="">7:40</a> Mind blowing

In Feb&#39;19 i bought Pixel3 phone and till today i am facing multiple issues with device.

It was already diagnosed by B2X authorized center Mumbai for seven days but after one week i found multiple issues with my phone.



1. Again Earbuds are not working properly.

2. Phone is hanging too much.

3. Overheating of phone.

4. Touch is very slow after repairing.



Now looks like I am using a cheapest and worst phone. Such a pathetic service by a brand like Google. Will never suggest any one to buy this expensive worst phone.  Totally worthless.

The black square on the right isnt perfectly in line. Great Video though

I&#39;m 18 and I&#39;ve never had a phone..............

I&#39;m always mad when they don&#39;t add the headphone jack but then I realize I never use it anyway. All my headsets are wireless but I just like having the option anyway. You never know. 

&quot;This is so Google&quot; lol. <a href="">6:50</a>

Why would they add that screen calling mode to other devices? Wouldn&#39;t more people buy the phone with a unique feature like that?

You don&#39;t have to get the xl if you don&#39;t want the notch

I got mind today and I&#39;m loving it so far

I KNOW WHY YOU KEEO REMINDING ME OF SOMEONE!!! Anyone remember the guy who would make cartoons to his hilarious life stories, his most famous about high school and college? Maybe his name is Swoozie or I’m completely wrong. Anyways you look very similar to him. Also I love the review!

Should&#39;ve stick with the Pixel 2 xl design for both... Facts?

Best phone all over the web and i use to buy phones from &gt;&gt;&gt;PARTYSHOP...WEBSITE

as soon as he said no headphone jack I just wanted to cry

Wanna know a fun facetI’m watching on my phone

hiii bro nice hair style
It&#39;s a terrible phone and Verizon is a terrible carrier. Problematic since day one and the contract fucked me over. I hate this pos phone. Don&#39;t waste your money on it and fuck Verizon

i am Notch that impressed

can someone tell me what a notch is

N O T C H
Google is better than Apple

You look like Hannibal buress’s better looking brother

Even though phone notches dont bother me, the pixel 3 notch is just to much

I used the pixel 2xl for a few weeks and it was honestly the worst phone experience I have ever had. The phone wasn’t smooth and personally I find the pixel phones ugly. Especially the pixel 2. U g l y.

This phone is so cool 
He sounds like a white guy

The things I don&#39;t like about my pixel 3 is I really wish I got anything but the Not Pink version the white and black look way better also my Verizon one has a locked bootloader

My dad going to buy the google pixel 3 but my sister  have apple phone but I don’t no the goggle phone is a good phone? Can you tell my me google is good or not ????

Got  a brand new pixel 3 boxed also with google goodies message me for more info

Wrong side for volume buttons in my opinion, but it&#39;s a nice showing when turning the volume up or down!

iPhone  power FOREVER IS BEST IN WORLD  IPHONE POWER
So the camera on this beauty is better than iphoneX camera?

Android and Apple together 

I already have pixel 2xl panda variant and i love taking potrait mode from the primary camera so should i upgrade to pixel 3 specially for the portrait mode from the main camera or not? Is there any a big difference between pixel 2 or pixel 3 main primary camera? What should i do please suggest me...i m not asking for the front camera only for photo capturing from primary camera and for potrait mode

Markass brownie

Notch, Notch, Notch, Notch, Notch ,Notch.... Everybody!  Lol

WHY NO HEADPHONE JACK

looks like a nice phone. but probably wont be worth to upgrade my galaxy s7 yet.

i dropped my phone in a pool it was a i phone 6 R.I.P so im proabably going to get this one thanks for sharing :)

Hello! iPhone XR user here, I have a secondary phone which is the first gen google pixel. The camera software is outstanding! I really like how when you take a picture or video it automatically saves to the Google Cloud!

No head phone jack 
Forget about the notches, I have a 2008 car, how am I supposed to listen to music if I forget the adapter? Are headphone jacks that difficult to design around? Do they make the phone more bulky? Help me understand! &gt;.&lt;

Why do they put the finger print thing on the back!? Do they not know of phone covers?!!

Hey Marques!Have you noticed that Google pixel phones don&#39;t require a PIN/Password or anything to turn it off while is locked? This is a lack of security and one reason of why I would consider another phone... The majority of other phones have this.How come that Google doesn&#39;t have this in their phones in 2019?

bless they come with headphones

So no headphone jack so you can only use Bluetooth headphones

Are the speakers better on the XL

Must admit, this guy is the boyo when it comes to reviewing tech stuff, top guy.

Simply put. This is the ugliest phone I&#39;ve ever seen.

i really like this phone

Can you sometimes mention the UI? I haven&#39;t gotten a chance to look at the design that google uses

google

What wall paper is in the video?

Did you pay for your pixel or was a &quot; sample&quot; sent to you in return for favourable review by Google? Similar to your Samsung reviews.

That notch can kiss my ass!

no jack no storage no interest
A speaker on the bottom...

Hey Guys, my iPhone is getting older and i would love to Get a new Phone and im considering the pixel 3. Would you Guys recomend this phone? And why? :) and should I Get the pixel 3 of the pixel 3a? For me the camera, speed and display quality are the most important. What do you guys think? Thanks guys!!! :)

P3XL surely wins ugliest notch award lol

Why do androids have to copy the iphones crappy notch. It just degrades the androids specially considering the notch was just lazy design they marketed as a gimmick.

Pixel is a joke trying to be apple...

Just don&#39;t get the bigger sized one. Smaller one=no notch

FUCCK I wanted to switch over from an iPhone to a pixel but <b>GOD DAMN GOOGLE MADE THAT SHIT UGLY AS FUCK.</b> No wonder I pay higher prices for a premium look.

Sorry im just kidding

Mark-Ass Brownlee

Now what to do ??P30 pro or still Pixel 3? 

No headphone jack  good luck with that Google.....

niw they tryna be like the iphone x- xs max

lmfao the weather was 69 degrees

i&#39;ve had a few google phones in the past, and based on my experience after couple of years, they all stop working, either battery problems, or boot loop issues. Don&#39;t buy Google phones, you&#39;ve been warned.

It&#39;s thic

I think pixel 3 is more nice with the design

Keep putting fucking adds on shit I still won’t buy

HOLY SHIT AT <a href="">4:20</a> THE TEMP ON THE PHONE IS 69

<a href="">6:55</a> .....what phone is that?

8.3M subscribers...killing it bro

google phones are so ugly and its expensive, its not worth it to buy.

We do not like notch phone.

We need more RAM!!!!

I want jack back in every phone. 

Yeah another easy way to sell your identity to google. No thanks...

I&#39;ve recently gotten into watching old tech reviews as a form of entertainment. I love watching videos like the LG G2 that I haven&#39;t watched in years and laughing. Your videos are always amazing! It&#39;s also great seeing your growth as a tech reviewer/filmmaker. Ur killin it bruh!

Bluetooth headphones cause cancer from all the radiation waves. No thanks I’ll stay with my 6s

Seriously this is the replacement for the iPhone.  I really like how the Android and also the Google thing integrated with my life.  Everything sync well and also the cast are available for the all smart TV lol.  And apply just for the apple TV.  But I really hate when they tear down the 3.5mm earjack which no really convenient even I know there&#39;s are Bluetooth earphones support

I was almost going to buy this, but damn, the microphone SUCKS. I don&#39;t take a lot of video, but when I do (it&#39;ll be of my kids) I want to hear it. I didn&#39;t notice you begin the mic, but it&#39;s a huge negative for me

what a horrible notch to be honest

Notch yo favorite phone

How is the battery life on the regular Google Pixel 3 compare to Samsung S8. I&#39;m looking to upgrade my Honor 8.

why do people complain about notches? like, it&#39;s not a big deal at all. You are not actually missing anything. The part where the notch is located is usually for notifications and icons that nobody cares about. The only problem could be when watching full screen videos but it&#39;s just a matter of time until you get used to it. I never had a problem with the notch, the first phone with a notch that I had it only took me 20 seconds to forget it was there. I even think notches look more aesthetic than the hole punch honestly, although I admit this one is a little bit huge. They could&#39;ve perfectly made it reasonably smaller.

For videos, which would you say is better, S9, or Pixel 3?

I am glad that you can eliminate the notch. My pixel 2xl experienced lcd panel death.

That notch is just criminal! I am lost for words.This notch fiasco needs to stop FORVER.

Pixel is junk do not get 1

Black hands

So basically just get the pixle 1 and save money

What&#39;s the battery life like? Im using a Asus Max pro and get 2 day battery life.

This video was on my birthday 

phones are lame

Buddy your third black absorber is misaligned

OMG how ugly the notch is!!!! How much i despite this pixel 3 design. If not because the software, no one will ever buy this ugly device

Gigantic noth, damn.

That notch deserves its own zip code. Yikes!

I hope google makes a pixel phone with a 1 inch sensor like the Panasonic Lumix DMC CM1. Google computational photography on a bigger sensor would be awesome.

The notch is sooo wrong. Wouldn&#39;t buy it just based on that. Horrible.

whats the intro song

That notch is disturbing.

I actually really like this Pixel 3

Someone please teach me how to get access to downloaded picture which i need to upload on Facebook

Really a creep phone  i been using it for few months And uploading photos on social networks are very hard and pretty impossible

Stupid design

Love this phone..

Why does everyone hate the notch?

Eww notch..
iPhone gets a notch...no one cries. Pixel gets a notch, b*tches all day about it.

The small one is perfect EXCEPT IT DOESNT HAVE A HEADPHONE JACK. Why do we keep getting phones like that? It&#39;s honestly such a big inconvenience.

Hey Man..  I had a Question. After watching your videos i do want to buy one Phone... Help me chose..  Budget is around 40k Rs Indian Rupee.  please help

All is well but i just want iphone7 design

And no headphone jack, I hate not having a headphone jack!!!!

Not impressed with my pixel 2, had issues with audio jack not impressed with screen, will be going back to a Moto budget.

wtf is the point of NOT PINK color option? different button color? seriously?

There are craters on the moon that don’t match up to that notch.

Is there a hesdphone jack?

Bitches be like: the notch is bigger than CHINAWell.... there’s one without a notch it’s the regular pixel...Do some ᖇEᔕEᗩᖇᑕᕼ before “trying” to roast

<a href="">4:20</a> 69 degrees fahrenyeet what a coincidence

For real, the notch from Pixel 3 is just the way too ugly from any other phones...

The 2 tone finish makes it look  tacky, which it is.  No micro SD card slot and no headphone jack makes it woefully obsolete compared to other phones.  I&#39;ll pass on this joke of a phone.

It&#39;s amazing google is able to build the best camera in a phone only with ONE camera and not three like the new s10

I have this phone.

Who else thinks google should make wireless earbuds

Let me say it for you: hey guys mkbhd here...

My mum told me I can buy any phone what do u think is the best phone!?

I wonder how MKBHD intro syncs with any music 

Made by htc..

It&#39;s basically just a iPhone X

Wall please

After looking at the google pixel 3 and Samsung note 9 in great detail, I’ve decided to get the Nokia 3310

My baby

Considering switching from the S9  (not the plus) to a Pixel 3, not the XL.Partly because of the software, design, simplistic look and vibes I get from it, and just because the updates get pushed faster.Is it a &quot;wise&quot; decision?

Google please give 10000 dollers.

“Is this what you wanted”

Is his voice um ok?
I think we should wish buenos noches to notches.

Dude u sound so white. You&#39;re like a black Jake Gyllenhal

Worst fucking fone I will had for years glitchy as fuck. Have to press the screen hard as fuck swiping is a problem too.

Where download walpapers?

disappointed,ugly design and have not much progress made.

My PC costs $750...…
That is cool

Wow it has a notch, who gives a shit

Im sorry, I dont care how good the phone is, the pixel 3xl&#39;s notch is way too big. Totally obtrusive and gets in the way of everything. Not only that but, it has a pretty big bottom bezel for having a notch. I also hate the new gesture controls because they dont work the way they do on the iphone x. Swiping up on the pill brings the google assistant, not the home screen. You have to tap the pill to go home. What a shitty idea. Honestly, this is why I say the only good phones are from samsung and apple. Cause they know what they are doing and can make a beautiful looking phone that is easy to use.

In Sweden Google pixel 3 costs 1200$

I have a New factoryboxed Pixel 3 for SALE, 700$ is the price and u have also 2years of warranty 

Black tech

Great review as always!

Nigga have a lot of time to get a new one

The Notch is bigger than Big Chungus.

shill

L.O.L.
no one cared or even noticed the &quot;notches&quot; until these bullshit reviews came out.  just more manufactured rage that will be forgotten once social media tells them what the newest thing is that should be mad at.  STFU and get over it....first world problems redefined.

Mimix 3 looks better

That notch makes Samsung users like apple
Hope no one crawls out of that notch. These phones are way costly then they should be.Not buying.

One day I’ll be able to afford a phone like this

I like the Google Pixel 3 Better than the Google xl.

Hahahah the notch is even uglier than the iphone one....

What happen to the days when MKBHD use to drop his wallpapers in the info????

I think overall my maxpro m2 with Google camera much better than this phone.

Hope pixel 4 comes in pink or purple

Bootleg iPhone xr
Gonna buy a car instead of this phone !

Google should stop making smart phones

Google making fun of notches

What kind of shit phone is this better day bring back Sony Ericsson yes

Hooo

dude the camera you using is better quality than my eye.. I&#39;m going to buy one just to look with it

That notch

Hey guys! It&#39;s impossible to contact Google directly so I was hoping you guys can spread this suggestion if you like it;I love the Google Dictionary Chrome extension (you can double click any word and it brings up the definition of it and it&#39;ll even sound it out for you) however, there&#39;s no option to save these words to a list for review in the future. It would be a handy tool learn and remember new words! I know there&#39;s apps out there that let you do this but I like sticking to Google! :)

Imagine google using dual cameras. That would be whooooshhhhh

lol just get wireless headphones
everyone is talking about the notch... why not just get the smaller one? I was thinking about getting the Pixel 3 (NOT XL) and started doing some research and came across comments from people who bought the phone and shared the experience. I really want some advice on what phone to get. Its just that my selfies look really good in Google Pixel XDedit: dont @ me

What is the notch

I wish google would create their own os aside from android or iOS

That phone looks amazing no matter what, too bad android and macOS don’t get along

I have a Pixel 3 and it sucks. Samsung Galaxy is way better.

After testing the Pixel 3 I still think the Pixel 2 is camera king. The 3 really let me down with picture quality it&#39;s bad and Pixel 2 has better focus also, i even prefer the style of the Pixel 2 5 inch better. And to top it off can&#39;t even use the camera on the Pixel 3 anymore untill they fix the error. Pixel 2 is still the Winner over all.

Why isn’t there an earphone jack.... I’m a huge music listener and I don’t wanna listen to music aloud in public.

My tribe condomes this phone

<b>M A R K A S S B R O W N L E Y</b>
I got the 3XL and the notch isn&#39;t bad at all

i see hitlers mustache theree

No headphone jack ? You gotta be kidding me ?

Is he wearing.... an Apple Watch????

But does it have a headphone jack?

doesn&#39;t it requires wireless headphones?

I really do not care about the notch I just want the phone!!!!

Putting phone to silent by flipping. Lumia 630 had it. Choosing picture from multiple picture lumia had that too.

In which device you record this video

Pixel 3 non XL is basically Pixel XL with way smaller bezel and latest snapdragon. Price is still atrocious tho.

For me pixel 3 regular don’t like big notch
Ahh ha ha...that’s hot
See the m , xxxbulfllm

when you can’t afford the x

Want a discount on the phone? Enter this code in the Google Store cartPixel 3 promo code: B-JVB0DFVIU0LPZKURB3T3SYCPixel 3 XL promo code: B-JVVPGVZEKRCOWNXEPDXA0LN

You can disable the notch through developers mode settings in pixel 3 XL

What kind of camera phone doesn&#39;t have expandable storage? Like, you know we&#39;re going to use it to take excessive amounts of pictures. How hard is it to add a microSD port?

The zoom function is insane grest. This idea is superb. A real reason to buy. The night side also superb. Google is so inocative.

Google should have bought HTC and make their own phones, tablets and many other products. HTC had the best design phones. The HTC one M7 was the best phone. They should have called them Google and Google X for the bigger one and should&#39;ve market it like Apple does their iPhone.

it’s ugly

samsung: yOU CoULd lANd a pLAnE oN ThAt

Notch is a copy of apple

Confusing review MB you should not mix with xl which I know is your favorite for your big hands but this is a confusing review

I’m thinking about switching my iPhone to a pixel. Is it worth it?

thank you talk for is at google phone new phone att

I love the google pixel 3 !!

Why is the notch bad?

LG G6 gang
Notch, no expandable storage, and and no headphone jack.. No thank you

I want this for Christmas

I just got my pixel XL 3 I love it.

sad to see that pixel 3 xl dont have at least a 4000 mah battery and a lower price one plus 6t looks like the one to buy

Hey, should I go for pixel 3 or wait for Samsung&#39;s new S10 devices... Saw rumours and I honestly did not like the design. Specially from back... Could anybody explain me which phone is the best, a Google phone or Samsung S series? I understand that Samsung has some features which Pixel phones does not have like expandable storage, headphone jack, best display (super amoled), no notch and good screen to body ratio, super slo-mo at 960 fps. And best things I believe about Pixel phones is the camera and regular updates... Which one is makes more sense?

the bummer is this: no 2160 @ 60fps !!

I&#39;ve got a $100 off coupon for the pixel3 if anyone wants it: B-DCT6H38C3Y1YWHTV9T3HX9A I think it expires at the end of the month. Just comment if you use it so others know.

Why I didn’t get invited 
why does it have such a big ass black box on the screen

Love the commercial.. don’t know about the phone ???

I just got the pixel 3, the small one lol. I gotta say I really love the speakers, they used to be at the bottom and sometimes my fingers would cover them but these speakers are ugh so good. I love the camera and I was upset about not having the headphone jack but hey at least they come with earphones with the c-port thingy. So I&#39;m happy

Fucking paid review

is Google  pixel 3 work on j6 too

Deeeez notch
Anyone noticed the right black shape on the wall in the background is not perfectly arranged to the red one near it? It&#39;s bugging me

Whats up with most mobiles now? Why no headphone jack? Dont tell me i can use the  adapter or wireless stuff. Removing the jack is just stupid

That notch is ugly thats the only thing i will not buy this

The big notch looks cool

Google just sent me that, I think because I have pixel2 and pixel3xlPromo code -100$ for Pixel 3:B-IATUU25OPTGDKFRYZENLRF7Promo code -100$ for Pixel3 XL:B-IBDRQZMQOG3BQE1SGLCTSJKTell me if it works

Even if the pixel 3 is smaller, it&#39;s much better. Easier to hold and the screen is still a nice size. I prefer the square screen anyways.

Google Store Only:Pixel 3 Promo code - $100 off: B-P3DXV4YP3RS91GO5GTJNYVSPixel 3 XL Promo code - $150 off: B-P3ZQS3UYJMRS8OGG17KRW1L

Use these at Google Store and Get $100-$150 off..Pixel 3 promo code: B-S9X38HD4EUCGSGQ8ONXCGU6

Pixel 3 XL promo code: B-SA4FHW8Z2CJ3VVNQZPZOVXP
Who Will Buy Pixel 3 With This Promo Code..Will Get $150 Off - &quot;B-AH1E38US75J4OF71Z7L2802&quot;

And For Pixel 3 XL - &quot;B-AFOQ86W8YSLLS7OASUT7W2T&quot;

Haha I just flash pixel experience  rom in my redmi note 3 no need of it 

I cant wait for this stupid notch trend to be over.

That notch looks like a creepy face!

Yo mark-ass Brownlee

&quot;no headphone jack and no expandable storage&quot;I&#39;m done. Will get the s9 when the s10 comes out

Nice review!

Dude, your footage looks so crisp on my 1440p monitor! There&#39;s not a lot of content in 1440

The Pixel 3 looks like a rip-off of the Oneplus 6 with a bigger chin on the front

Said very well but I still choose Apple mobile phone

By the way, I was holding my nose tight when he was saying NOTCH.  ;-}

Am I the only person who doesn&#39;t care that there&#39;s no headphone jack?  They give you headphones that work with the phone or you can use Bluetooth headphones. I&#39;m so done with Galaxy&#39;s edge screen.

Yeah, I think I’ll stick with my 8plus for this year; and the many years ahead.

Hey Marques, I was wondering if there is one phone that you&#39;d recommend for people to buy in late 18 early 19 and why? Thank you for everything that you do.

I don’t carry about that Notch . But I neeed a good battery  atleast it should hold on 5hrs or <a href="">5:30</a>hrs of  screen on time without heating issues

The notch are crazy

Thats not the intro track in the description it’s Do it for love by P Holla

I have to say, I got the XL on sale but man the notch and chin are not aesthetically pleasing. Really appreciating my iPhone X right now

one word.   u  g  l y   +   !!!
So IMPORTANT INFORMATION THANKS SO MUCH

It’s a crapier version of the iPhone X ‍️
because this phone doesnt have expandible storage im not interested.. but am very curious about the shush mode that looks cool

Wallpaper?

they should add the headphone jack in the next pixel

What&#39;s a good place to purchase this..? And which is better overall Pixel 2 or Pixel 3...?

whats wrong with the notch? lol as long as the works thats the most important thing.

Without competition..Google won..the ugliest notch in 2018.

Whatever you do, do not buy a Pixel phone. I had been using an Iphone 5 for many years without any problems. But I am not a fan of Apple the company so when it was time to get another phone I switched to Google Pixel. If you search the Google forums you will see thousands upon thousands of issues revolving around constant crashing, rebooting, microphone and phone call issues. (and google not responding or taking responsibility). My phone has been a nightmare and google just about makes it impossible to contact them and do nothing to resolve these issues, (based on posts in forums, and my own experience) . I spent $700 on this phone and has been a terrible, time wasting endeavour. . I have not given up on Android phones and have purchased another manufactures phone. The google phone is totally useless. Shame on you google for not owning your problems and putting the burden of your errors on your customers.

damn.. that notch is huge compared to the g7&#39;s. 

Hi @MKBHD. Would you recommend the Pixel 3 for a long term phone (Ex: Usable for 4 years), or is it the type of phones that we will need to replace after a year or two? Thanks for taking the time to reply!

Hi @Marques Brownlee. Would you recommend the Pixel 3 for a long term phone (Ex: Usable for 4 years), or is it the type of phones that we will need to replace after a year or two? Thanks for taking the time to reply!

This reminds me of the iPhone X from the from like when I first saw the front I was like iPhone X who?

OnePlus 6t comes with a waterdrop notchBut pixel 3XL has a swimming pool notch!

Wallpaper link...??
disappointing

How much money you got from google to do this promotional video? However it cannot beat the iPhones!

They copied apple with no home button

This phone with a few minor difference is essentially the exact same as the pixel 2!! I&#39;ve never seen a new phone with so little differences to the last one be released. Such a big scam

what&#39;s that frickin dot on the top of the phone?

wtf! Why can&#39;t they bring back the headphone jack. Assholes trying to follow Apple&#39;s shitty moves for no reason!!

I haven’t used my headphone jack in almost 3 years and I still wouldn’t buy anything without one.

Google was making fun of apple now they are coping apple ..wtf

I’m going to get it!!!!!!!!

I used to LOVE google phones I started with the first nexus and went through all of them till we got to this Pixel stuff.I see some ratings websites rating it 5stars, NO the phone CANNOT be 5stars! 5stars means you got everything correct. Except the idiots at Google Forget a majority of the population have a Hifi System (I have a Quad 909) it runs with a 2x RCA connection to a 3.5mm earphone Jack. And I do not want Google Assistant popping up every 5seconds and how do I connect the phone to my Quad Monoblock without the headphone Jack??QUAD MONOBLOCKGoogle that sh*t!Im not changing my Hifi system I simply changed to a mobile phone WITH AND EARPHONES JACK.I also Snowboard and want it connected with earphones WIRED earphones??? Why? because I snowboard for 8-9hours straight and I need my phone to play music and still have battery

this phone is a peace of notch...

so what exactly is the notch

OMG the notch. Really though? Who effing cares about the damn notches?

No headphone jack...no thanks

Pixel 3 or Oneplus6t??

2 reasons I wouldn&#39;t get a pixel this year. One of them nobody seems to be talking about. First it&#39;s a couple hundred dollars more than I can afford, and secondly the  screen looks like the same screen used in the Galaxy S6/S7. I took a picture of a picture from my S8 and it had the same problems with over exposure, high contrast and limited color gamut that my S6 has. The white and black on my dog looks way over exposed and the blonde near her muzzle is way too brackish red. I swear they used the same screen from the Galaxy S6 or possibly the S7 in the Pixel 3, but nobody&#39;s talking about it. I don&#39;t see how people are satisfied with their photos when they&#39;ll always be viewed on an inferior screen. That&#39;s my big holdup for now, especially when the S8/S9 can both be found for around $400. I really want the dope camera and software from Google but they must use the latest screens from Samsung next time or again, no sale.

Only available on Verizon. Dumb

What background is that

but you can hide it.

If you would like to change your intro, i recommand miami 82Sound a lot like the previos asdfmovie one.

Did you fix the studio for part 2?

That notch is massive

Does it have a headphone jack like iPhone 8

Ugly as fuck.. that awful notch!!!

S9+ or pixel 3...??

Notch notch

Guys my contract ends, what phone do I get?

900$ nah but for 600 OK that&#39;s reasonable

I just noticed you leaked one plus 6 t way earlier

Pixel 3 still has the most ugly industrial design of all top phones on the market.

As far as the pixel 3 is concerned it is pretty much better in night sight ie better than iPhone X&#39;s and X&#39;s max

Bruhh.. All these phones really trying to ride samsungs Dk... Apple and Google pixels.. Really like Samsung D

Note9 is winning

Lol u were on America&#39;s got talent right?

I miss nexus 4 and nexus 5 days..I really do..I want Android kitkat back

I can&#39;t wait to get that for Christmas

Why are Google phones always so ugly?

which color Pixel 3XL I should buy ?

No way jose .google wants to sell you phones to spy your privacy

is the &quot;shush&quot; mode available for pixel 3 or just XL? I have a pixel 1 so anything will be better than that!

Does the pixel 3 and 3xl have Face ID

What... I had no idea it was coming

Okay boys, which phone should I get. No bias. iPhone 8 Plus or Google Pixel 3?

Wow, I’ve seen a lot of comments here and for someone who doesn’t have a preference and is struggling to figure out what phone I want to upgrade in March, non of this is helping...I personally like a head phone jack ask like it’s accurate sound, but if it got took away from every phone ever I wouldn’t be so bummed about it, as I would be able to use the charging port. From a business stand point, every company in the whole world creates an endless cycle of “does a business create a product because the consumers asked for it or do the business sell a product that no one asked for and people buy it and that’s the expectations” from experience I’d say both, I disagree I don’t think companies “copy” each other, if 1 business is getting a lot of money the other company needs to see how they are doing so good and what the customers like to keep them coming back. Again, just like every business. If anyone could give me some advice on what phone I could get for someone who uses social media, gaming and is constantly got tons of photos with no storage left that would be great. I just feel like some people are taking this “copying” thing too far. If Apple copied Samsung then why can’t you customise it as much as Samsung’s do, for example on my Samsung A5 2017 I could have any medical problems such as diabetes be listed on the lock screen in case of emergencies. And if Samsung copied Apple why don’t they have a mute button, a full Face ID scan thing or be able to run snapchat like a dream (I hate that ). These are just 2 examples, there are multiple companies that use research and customers needs and wants to try create a phone that people would buy, some people enjoy them, some don’t but that’s just the personal preference on the phone. A lot of people say “omg iPhones are so smooth” but for me personally after maybe a few months of daily use plus a lot of storage being used it lags a fair bit for me, that doesn’t mean that someone else’s experience isn’t fantastic. If anyone could give me some ideas on what phone to get that dumbs it down for an idiot like me that would be fantastic, if anyone is even watching this by now. Thank you!

I really like the Pixel 3, but I don&#39;t like the Notch because it is just way to big. The notch should have been wider the taller.

I like how the notch looks like this •_•

biggest disappointment of this year. Google is going full Apple

Why no headphone jack??

I don&#39;t mind notches. Especially when you can blackout the sides like in one plus. But that is one hideous notch.

tryna copy iphone x
I&#39;ll stick with my Pixel 2 XL. 1. Aesthetically similar, but larger in screen size and resolution than Pixel 3 (non XL).2. Software and security updates still for another 2 years (until October 2020).3. Most (if not all) software updates from the Pixel 3 lineup come to the Pixel 2.4. Pixel 2 XL flagship still kills camera wise than some if not most 2018 flagships (now with RAW support in native camera app). 5. Can pick up a second-hand one for USD $400 or even brand-new for around USD $600.If you do buy a secondhand one, test it first for the blue hued screen issue. Some Pixel 2 XL OLED displays still have this problem.

The video camera is really bad

This design is bad

Candidate for ugliest phone of the year !!

Going from iPhone to pixel 3 I am reminded how unsmooth the Android operating system is. There so many cool things they do right but Apple has I message and FaceTime and just an overall smoother experience that Android just doesn&#39;t get right.

AND ELLA MAI&#39;S voice is so good

Literally an iPhone lol. Some cooler features, though.

&quot;buttons are clicky&quot;

I just got my pixel 3 yesterday

I&#39;ve been tuned in for a very long time

PIXEL 3 ISSUE: Hey Marques, I have a pixel 3 128 GB and during a voice call on cellular or wifi calling doesn’t matter which I am on I hear this odd noise that can overpower the conversation at times. Best way to explain it that it sounds like an electrical current in the background and it comes and goes. I am not the only one to have this issue, its over reddit.

So it&#39;s waterproof

Does anyone else have their screen flickering while using the camera apps(Camera/snapchat) for a few seconds. Issue is intermittent with mine. Should I get a replacement or is this a software issue?

Intro music?
The pixel 3 would have really benefited from a 20mp sensor,ik Google is all mighty with software,but I feel they missed an opportunity

I don&#39;t usually mind notches but God damn this might be the ugliest one I&#39;ve ever seen

Hi iam willing to buy pixel 3, heard that pixel 3 also have display problems is it true. Pls give reply

The back scratches off easily :/

Man, I respect you for your way to handle reviews about smartphones! I like you!

Usd 300 okey

Link thumbnail wallpaper, scratch that ,LINK ALL OF YOUR WALLPAPER PLS

Is it good to have Huawei?
What ..that notch is all i can focus on...

where can i get the wallpaper from  <a href="">2:58</a>

Nice iPhone wannabe. And nice notch. So iPhone can do it and pixel wants to do it too. How sickly Funny this device is.

The Google Pixel 3s Notch Looks like my friends Hairline

I am a Samsung and Oneplus user and I feel it&#39;s not gonna change soon.

That notch is so fucking ugly

Yall honestly need to chill its notch is not that big.....stfu

I have to say it but.. That is one ugly phone hardware

Front facing speakers are really great. I had them on my Nexus 6P and it makes a huge difference that you wouldn&#39;t notice until you&#39;ve had it

Oh wait is that a notch... 
no headphone jack ? oh come on Google, you have gone the retarded way of the Iphone, nooooooooooo :(

People should really know the purpose of things before they shit on it. Just look at the notch! People took massive shits on it, yet they didn&#39;t even know the reason why its there.

I am keeping my iphone 7 plus until I am 80

No 60fps!!!??

I upgraded from a Nexus 6p to a pixel XL (not by choice, but because my Nexus had that damn battery issue and Google&#39;s warranty covered a phone or equal value) and I have to say: I&#39;m not seeing a reason to upgrade to a pixel 3 xl from my pixel 1 xl even with all the cool new features. My pixel 1 xl has served me very well.I have to say though, imy disappointed by the fact that their new front facing cameras aren&#39;t able to do face detection. I would really love an Android version animoji but I guess that ain&#39;t happening. AR stickers were interesting for about two seconds

Don&#39;t be so proud of this technological terror you&#39;ve constructed, the ability to wow a planet is insignificant next to the power of the force

So do you prefer the Google Pixel 3 or the Apple phones?

Google Pixel 3xl camera  is amazing plus the software

that notch , THAT NOTCH

Someone needs to rehang the artwork in the background.  I couldn&#39;t stop looking at how crooked it is.  

The Pixel 3XL is a $1350 phone without expandable storage. What a joke. It&#39;s as if Google is now competing with Apple for being the enthusiasts most despised phone maker.

Notch is to use it like bath tub guys.

You dont even get a headphone dongle with it? lmfao

Imagine if google put 2 cameras on their phones That would be an amazing camera even though this is already amazing

I just wish there was a way to turn off the touch sensitivity to the right and left of the notch. I keep on dragging down the notifications thing while typing or whatever. Or I keep on skipping really far ahead of behind on YouTube videos by brushing that area

Love you, bro, but the black diamond/square on our right on your back wall  is distracting :)Needs a little nudge clockwise

Google spyware OS + Chinese spyware = no thanks 

The top notch looks terrible

My pixel 3 i bought today has MASSIVE amount of vibration during above 30% volume.. im suprised no tech channels have reported this. Also the sound is like its underwater and muffled.

Should I get this phone?

How long does the battery last when using it consistently? I wanted to know for both the pixel 3 and the XL? @marquesbrownlee

I will never buy a phone with a notch

Link for the wallpaper plz

noooo that notch is so ugly ;_;

Marques holding a oneplus phone in a pixel review LOL

Sony has and makes better cameras. The Xperia XZ3 is 10x better. Oh, and the Pixel isn&#39;t undisputed. The Nokia Lumia 1020 is 1000x better.

Anyone saw the Chrome&#39;s new tab layout as it&#39;s pretty similar to pixel&#39;s notch....I guess that&#39;s where the inspiration comes from

Xiaomi destroys this.

Is there some kind of speaking technique This guy and Zack use in their videos

Looks so fucking ugly
nice t shirt @MarquesBrownlee, where did you get it???

Do you color correct all your videos?

I’m thinking about buying ️ one

I was waiting for <b>PIXEL3</b> but I was praying for that i don&#39;t get <b>NOTCH</b> on it 

RED,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

Super mobile
Sim tray is bottom 

The reason I like google and Samsung is because there phones lasted longer and they didn&#39;t use glass like iPhone !Why the hell would they use glass???This is why you need diversity on the design team. Someone could have told them the notch is ridiculous!!!

That notch kills it for me

When can this phone come to Tmobile 

Wanna hear a Joke ..?Pixel 3 xl notch .

Definitely have caught up to Apple quality assembly. its really disappointing they didn&#39;t add a hardware mute on the left side.

I cant wait till he does the Samsung Galaxy s10

You could fit a whole Samsung in that Notch 

Off brand iPhone x

No promised headphone jack and at large the same hardware from Pixel 2... Why Google?.. you could do it much better...

No headphone jack 
Amazing review. Thanks

How did you put the search bar there??

I would like a order of NOTCHos

Looks like a well drafted script with inputs from Google. Great!

My one stop start for all my tech

Damn. It&#39;s so annoying they aren&#39;t going to do the software updates on one, or two. That&#39;s some real Apple BS.

What happens with bagdes notification? Is there any way to fix it?

Can you do a 2 min video on Honor play , u missed this phone but did a review on pocophone or just mention Honor play in your video when u do a gist of several phones ......... :)

it&#39;s still a good phone

That on the top of the screen looks so ugly, the iPhone X too. Prefer the style of the s8 and s9

Don&#39;t mind the notch... I fucking hat that there is not headphone jack.. 

Is it just me who thinks the notches on this and the iphone X actually look cool? It&#39;s more interesting than just a full screen.

the marques experience

Google why don&#39;t you just work with Samsung instead of copying Apple&#39;s top notch.

The only problem I see with the top notch is not seeing all your notifications lined up at the top. The headphone jack thing isn&#39;t too big of deal either.  we&#39;re using Bluetooth earbuds all the time now. At least thats how I look at it.

I do not like to notch. I will be considering the smaller phone for this fact. All I want is great front-facing speakers and as small a bezzle as you can give me. Do not obsess with the fact that the bezzle is still 1/8th of an inch. That&#39;s fucking fine.

Yuck.... Alcatel looks much more exciting than XL

I have the pixel 2 XL but I&#39;m thinking about getting that smaller pixel 3 however I don&#39;t know if I should get this one or wait a year because this seems kind of like an S model in iPhone like it&#39;s not the next version yet I&#39;d like to hear someone&#39;s thoughts

How is man wearing his watch on his right hand? Unacceptable.

Apples update process inspired me to buy a pixel but Moto x 2015 made me fall in love with andriod

Thank mr Rogan
This phone is meh, the note 9 is more promising.

Why wouldn&#39;t google just sell the software instead of keeping it confined to newer models. They could capitalize on their developments but not have to make a bunch of new phones.

Why care about the notch? Just don&#39;t get the XL.

Can anyone help me with the link of that giant 3 wallpaper on google pixel 3?

Great review mate

Amazing review, but the notch is a deal breaker.

Big phone person apparently hates on huawei

Total shit design..
black pls

Good video 
Have you used the mod for night sight ?

I have a Google pixel 2 and I love it

Friend: is that an IPhone X !!!Me: No it’s a google pixel 3 Friend: Oooooooh

this is so good

I’m currently on an old iPhone and it works fine for my needs but if I ever make the switch to android this would be my top choice.

The phone is trash

Wtf is with phone companies taking away headphone jacks. A phone I would otherwise get ruined again.

I would have designed it better

Nope.

Where is SOS button, infra-red hardware,?Apart from that lot of unwanted 2 or 3 camera and stupid design notch.Seriously where is innovation? Are your people are in technology field?

Name of song in the beginning?

You are so rich pls do giveaway for this please.

Once a phone gets rid of the headphone jack I just give up on it

&quot;You could land a plane on it&quot;.

No headphones jack.  I&#39;m not buying this

Is there a pixel watch?

I hate notch
️ woaaah heart melting..
Notch of shame 

<b><i>NOTCH</i></b>

If you everyone doesnt like the notch just don’t get the XL damn why are you all complaining just get the $799 one your saving $100 and removing a notch you don’t like..

Don&#39;t &quot;notch&quot; it till you try it 

Does any body know if it&#39;s ip68 water resistant?

I&#39;m have the pixal 3 it&#39;s a great phone

I would totally buy this phone but the no headphone jack and notch is the reason I wont buy it, I guess samsung is my only hope now

You mean to tell me that.... at first they were like laughing really hard at apple for making a notch, but you know apple actually did a notch for a reason... (Face ID) and now google decides to copy what apple did for a reason, but do it in their phone FOR NO REASON..... not only for no reason but also made it worst in design wise.... google what is you doing?!?

Its a flop

Thanks MKBHD

My Pixel 3 with &quot;amazing display&quot; has blue tint. Probably returning it :( Fun part - I&#39;ve got two (second for my wife, pink one) and second does not have this issue.

They should have an option soo you can make your screen smaller soo the screen starts below the Noch soo it&#39;s less annoying

The Google Notch.

over priced, just buy a Xiaomi with 6gb ram for half the price.

There are two cameras in the front, but it only have one in the back! What are they thinking about???这他娘的也太奇葩了

Expect. . . I hope mainland China can buy it through JD.com
Who needs two cameras in the front???? Not even face id?That is a s**t phone

Oh... Google Pixel 3, I'm waiting when it comes out, put a barcode in people's eyes... is it coming to Indonesia or not, or is this a Pergamum cellphone? Like you who have Google, you bastard?
how much?

Wallpaper he needs to start Posting those wallpapers every video

So. .. it&#39;s mainly the design that&#39;s disappointing? What about the quality?? I&#39;m window shopping atm!

The notch 

He speaks really well... It was so smooth and flowing that I really enjoyed watching it.
what is the IP rating on the Pixel 3

Got the pixel XL 3 yesterday and love it so far. Had the 2xl before this and the S7 edge before that. Screen is beautiful and it&#39;s mostly flat now rather than having the edges that were very curved and made it very difficult to get a good screen protector to adhere well across the whole screen. It&#39;s fast and clean, as it should be, and I don&#39;t see any issue whatsoever with 4gb of RAM. This isn&#39;t a performance gaming laptop - it&#39;s a little phone. 4gb of RAM is plenty to get through the next 2 years. I am happy with the purchase...

One question- if we turn off the screen using third party like screen off and user finger print sensor to wake the phone will it turn on the screen without asking PIN or password? and does it have double tap to turn off the screen option?

Intro music?
Want to upgrade from my phone Samsung S7 which I like but also take a lot of pics...Google Pixel 3 or S9?

4GB RAM and that price? First google phone I&#39;m not buying yet since Nexus 4. If price drops - will get smaller one.

Ewwww that ugly notch!

pure trash and this notch is the worst design ever. Why everyone are copying the ugliest thing that apple invented? please stop

My lover. Need translation Arabic please

Middle and right black squares are crooked

When will you be reviewing One Plus 6 T.. Do you have update how the phone will be??

Where is 2:1 aspect ratio?

I&#39;m a bit concerned with its maximum brightness. PhoneArena indicates that it&#39;s just barely over 400 nits. Does it get difficult to view under direct sunlight?

who the dickhead will buy this?

@Marquees Brownlee, have you noticed there&#39;s a hidden Easter Egg that is basically a pressure sensitive white screen that you can write on?

The camera is the main reason I would be tempted to buy this phone, but the build quality could definitely be better given the price and google phones have a history of bootloop issues, nexus 5x, pixel and pixel 2 had this issue. Getting early OS updates is a double edged sword, you get the latest features first, but you also get the latest bugs first and in the case of the bootloop, that bug just killed my phone. I would like to get this phone, but have mixed feelings about it&#39;s value for money in the long run.

Pixel 3 million views!!!!!!

Despite similarities to Apple&#39;s iPhone X, the Pixel 3 looks like a promising phone. The most standout features are the following: improved photo quality, Shush Mode, and call screening with the help of Google Duplex. One feature that I don&#39;t like on the new phone is the colorful home buttons. Customers should be given a choice as to what color their power button should be.

team iphone xs max

Where are all these awesome wallpapers from? Like the thumbnail pic and stuff? ️

Meh imma stick wit mai iPhone SE still for the next couple years.Also google pixel looks like a disappointment. Not in performance but just for its looks as shallow as itMay sound lol.

Value addition and product differentiation is shifting to AI based software to such an extent that they are actually giving better output with less hardware. In such a scenario, journalistic focus on leaks and coverage of hardware is misplaced. With AI playing an increasingly important role, hardware is more like an elephant&#39;s tusks, more showy and less useful, while the real bite is in software.

The notch is sooooooooo ugly

The smaller one definitely worth considering, the large one is notch-city i will avoid forever. The iPhone 8 Plus remains my perfect phone so far.Things i look for (among others):* No notch* Fingerprint reader on the front, be it in the chin or under the screen. Like the notch, i have fp readers on the back.* No camera bump. Sadly almost nobody does this, i would prefer it with an increase in phone thiccness* No rounded back, my HTC M8 wobbles as i use it while it&#39;s on a table.* Don&#39;t care about 3.5mm jack, it&#39;s nice to have but i prefer wireless headphones, not having it helps with water resistance* USB-C is a big plus, lightning leads to dongles and the miniUSB is worse performance and not reversable* Don&#39;t care about game performance* I don&#39;t need more than 32/64GB of storage.* Don&#39;t care about gaming performance, i have a PCMR machine for that.

I think fuck the front camera, just a little notch for hearing or that technology where you don&#39;t need it

Tbh i dont mind notches. What I dont like is how phones are being made out of glass entirely.

Is this a joke ... someone please fire the exterior design artist. God that phone looks horrible. Ugly as hell.

Does the OLED screen still have the limited color range like the pixel 2 did?

Dude my frnds call me 42! Wher&#39;d u get tht shirt i wan 1!!!!

Good night!
Is this the Google version of iPhone X..... No matter what comes out my note 9 beats it all

Is that a pcalc shirt

Dumb.... 2xl for life

For an entire office that&#39;s obsessed with design, why has nobody gone insane like I am over those red and black tiles on the wall that are horribly aligned. Fix!

HATE that notch

wall paper ?

<b>Finally the top notch phone is here</b>

What about night photos?

People are really fucking mad about this notch 

The people who are complaining about the notch are anyway buying xiaomi phones only...

It’s look like a cheap iPhone X  .
When are they adding optical zoom to their camera??? Sorry, but no AI can fix the blur you get with digital zoom.

Samsung is the best!

It has a notch...I don&#39;t know anyone who likes the notch....Everyone I know hates the notch...Why do phone manufactures still put on a notch.Also why not glass? I want less glass, I don&#39;t want cracks everywhere, I want a bezel thats thick enough to protect my screen if dropped

Really? Of all the things available to copy, Google copies an imperfection. Samsung DON&#39;T YOU DARE!

You have some talent you need some more subs

He was like I like a lot Yeah f google be sending you checks bro

Hands up who always beats Marques to his end game of...&quot;peace&quot;...Sir,Sir.sir....me sir...!!

Eminem shot venom live video in Empire State Building with Google pixel 3

Shash mood 
Hey guys I just want to warn others to please do not buy the Pixel devices. As one of the many people who bought the original Pixel that had hardware failure after a little over a year over owning the phone (how convenient that it happens often after the one year warranty expires). Google is refusing to offer any kind of help to repair the phones that get stuck in an infinite bootloop and send you to uBreakiFix which costs about $400 to repair the phone. Just do a  google search for &quot;google pixel bootloop&quot; and you&#39;ll see what I&#39;m talking about.

You&#39;re right, specifically bought the regular pixel 3 to avoid the notch. If I can help it I will never support a phone with a notch. <b>unless it uses it for notifications and it&#39;s blacked out 99% of the time otherwise</b>

Copying  without knowing what you are doing.. a big <b>notch</b> is the result

Nice shirt

Google used the same back from last year and now put a notch -_- google.

excuse me...&quot;no headphone jack?&quot;
What is the best big market phone out there tho?

Intro track wrong in description its i do it for love  by p-Holla

Huawei Mate 20 Pro definitely put Google Pixel 3 XL to shame.Hurr durr &quot;Stock android better, and it gonna have 3 years software update support&quot; hurr durr..

No aux jack, not buying
Google just made a fool out of themselves. The spec of this phone is from 2016 !

Plz do a video with the comparison of pixel 3 and 3 xl

I want to know more about the Titan chip for security.

Really silly for supposedly Innovative Google to copy the Apple notch and the lack of a headphone jack and the lack of expandable storage. What happened to Innovation and originality? Sad! Samsung has no notch, a headphone jack and expandable storage plus always something new that&#39;s never been done before.. Like next year it&#39;ll be a foldable phone and a phone that&#39;s NOT made from glass.. Maybe these new ideas May Fail but at least they&#39;re trying to innovate and they&#39;re original

No headphone jack, no deal
That notch is frickinHNNNNNNNNNG

Cameras suck lol just say no to cameras and yes to in display fingerprint scanners full display phones and flexible displays with a 6,000mah battery. Really I would buy a phone with no camera on it all together. I wish you could order phones with different specs. I would take a and display fingerprint scanner and a camera from a phone from 10 years ago because I don&#39;t care about CAMERAS

How about do away with the front cameras all together I could care less about cameras or taking pictures. I take one pic a year maybe. Everyone cares about all the other stuff design scream memory chipset speed. Taking pictures is dead last.

The phone has lots of cool features and I really wanna get it but it just reminds me of an off-brand iPhone x

Did anyone notice the notch resembles the tabs on Chrome?

Pre-ordered 2 of them, Love my Pixel 2, gonna love my pixel 3. Converted my wife as well. Her iphone 8 was a useless brick of a phone.

How can people diss this when the displays top notch?I&#39;ll see myself out.

For past two consecutive years, I would think of buying a Pixel, but then Google never fails to disappoint me. Such a bad design. I understand that the software is the most important thing in any smart phone, but they should at least invest some more money in designing a phone. What OnePlus has done with OP6 is amazing with almost half the price. Also, not to mention the RAM. We will be entering 2019 in couple of months and still 4GB RAM? I so miss the Nexus lineup now.

So, how can I install software of P3 to my P2? 

thats a lot of hum

Guess I&#39;mma have to buy the pixel 3 so I can send bill collectors to my automatic assistant 

I will not buy a new smart phone that does not have a removable battery, expandable storage, headphone jack, and bonus points for an IR blaster. My LG G4 from years ago had these things there&#39;s no good excuse for new flagships not to have them too, it&#39;s not <b>courageous</b>

Hey marques intro is awesome

apple, why did you start this notch bullshit. fuck apple.

really! note 9 all day...without a notch!

In review please do detailed about software changes...

<a href="">3:50</a> that&#39;s a lie and you know it man

daaamn! the phone is lit .and u lit too bruh 

Most notches honestly don&#39;t look bad. My problem is all the brands copying Apple.. just why? Why does Android need to copy this? I would understand smaller brands copying but the Pixel is one of the most popular series. It has tons of clout and copying Apple is so unnecessary. The 3XL would look better if it was nearly screen-less instead of the tiring notch.

Not better than LG g7 think

Well I&#39;m more than satisfied by galaxy s9 plus

so true, I like the pixel 3 better than the disappointing XL

Meh. Glad I went with the OnePlus6 back in June instead of waiting for this. OP6&#39;s speaker sucks, but that&#39;s about it.

sticking with my Google Pixel 2 XL 128gb at least until the end of 2018 &amp; maybe until the Pixel 4.

Google&#39;s flagship phone is still mid range at best

Please, please rearrange tiles on your wall, so edges match one another.

Oh like Minecraft notch

Only one comment: what the bloody hell, Google? What a shame!Going backwards. :/They made fun of Apple last year for the headphone jack and many other things and they are doing the same. Smh.So, it doesn&#39;t have expandable storage? Damn it!!!!That stupid notch, what is wrong with these companies? Just why?!?! No need to.

Not gonna lie chief it ain’t good

Can you straighten your triangles/diamonds behind you? Can&#39;t unsee

that notch is over notch

He got sooo much revenue off this vid 

Wow... Sucks that they&#39;re not bringing those awesome SOFTWARE updates to the Pixel 2.

I prefer the black/white color scheme and I personally like everything about the phone design except for the notch I wish more phones tried to use the camera design on the oppo find x

What&#39;s this issue I heard on BGR about the speaker back vibration at different volume levels ?

soon have the first generation Google pixel so does the 3 not have a head phone jack?

That notch is the worst thing ever invented.

4 gigs of RAM????...... MAJOR WTF.... Pixel 2 got slow for a reason. they didn&#39;t learn for the 3?...

Don’t know why but clearly white and not pink looks very similar,there is no colour difference

Yawwwn... when is the Pixel 4 coming?

Design looks so boring, pixel 1 is much better

Shut up u peaceful looking guy love ur vids 

i hope this phone fails

Dont want to see anything else on this phone...ever...because 4Gb ram.

Dont care about the notch,  would have preordered.  Google lost 3 sales from me, my brother and friend because of only 4Gb of ram.  THAT IS GARBAGE.

whats the big deal with the notches? its a fucking phone

SUPER ZOOM ?you mean huawei SUPER NIGHT MODE xD ?
This phone is not(ch) for me

Cool

One plus 6t is better choice

INTRO SONGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG

plzzzzzz the intro song plzzz tell me
The squares aren&#39;t aligned... it&#39;s driving me crazy

Notch is shit.

Idk people complaining about the notch but does anyone remember the first pixel and those completely unnecessary bezzels?  I still use a pixel 1 so the notch doesn&#39;t even bother me at all. And you can shut it off if it&#39;s annoying.

The Google Pixel and the Apple iPhone are the best in video stabilizer video recording, fluency and updates are the best

In pixel 3 xl, XL means extra large notch
Show coole

How long until that AI phone answering thing is patched into other phones?  I&#39;m gonna guess 2 months at most.

Can you report how Snapchat looks on google pixel 3? Whether it’s average like the norm of android or crisp like IOS.

That skywilliams song, downloaded that and the &quot; I keep it on the level&quot;

samsung a9 is more exciting for me

im excited for the smaller pixel 3. I love the new functions. Here&#39;s hoping the assistant gets updated in the netherlands too

why is everyone focusing on the notch?

Where did you get that shirt? Does anyone know?

I do not like concave iPhone.
I AM JUST HERE FOR A GIVEAWAY. SAD THERE IS NONE :(

Ugly notch phone. Don&#39;t want it.

Pocofone is still better.

Google is poor.

@marques Brownlee  Why so much emphasis at the start about these phones being flagships... are you implying something??

pixel 3 looks better and the new software seems nice

I will buy....the pixel 2 XL lol

The deal breaker to me is internal memory being only 128G and you cannot expand it. 128G won&#39;t be enough for me. Bye!

Which are the Sony phone&#39;s still worth buying??

You guys nic pic over everything. Looks like a badass phone.

Save some money and get the one plus 6T for almost half the price and way better specs

Was gonna upgrade from my HTC 10 until I heard &quot;No Headphone Jack&quot;

is their blue tooth , is the volume good

I am a simple man, I see notch I walk away.

So I have had IPhones since 2015, and when I first had an IPhone, I was convinced they were the best and I’d never get another android. However iPhones have been crappy over the the years to me. The only thing that’s kinda holding me on is the camera and iMessage. With google, I don’t like how they only do software updates/security updates for three years, but Apple does their security/software updates for five years if no a little longer. Do you feel the security/software issue is big enough to not get a google pixel?

What the fuck is this no headphone bullshit! Nazis!

what an ugly ass phone lmao! Google really fucked up this wanna be iphonex

I just opened a new tab in Chrome version 69 and realized that the Pixel 3 XL&#39;s notch looks exactly like the Material Design browser tab.

tasteless
Apple does some shit and everyone copies. People hate the notch!!!! We don&#39;t want notch in any phone.

Notch can be turned &quot;off&quot; in settings so I don&#39;t see it as much of an issue. Would still get the XL for the battery and resolution.

Samsung - Apple have a big notchGoogle - hold my beerSamsung -

LG IS THE BEST. GOING FOR V30+

ALL COPIED THE ESSENTIAL PHONE. NO BODY THOUGHT THAT NOTCH IS THE ONLY WAYTO GET THE DESIRED MAX SCREEN. STUPID COPYCATS

FUCK YOUR ADS

<b>It look so luxury</b>

Why is everyone so fucking crazy about the notch?  I could literally care less.  The design of the phone is BEAUTIFUL.  If you want a front facing camera and speakers there will be a notch.  Get OVER it.

Fuck this stupid notch thing

Can someone from the comment section help me with by letting me know how he made that intro that looks like &quot;The Window Opening&quot;? What it is called? And how I can do that? Please it&#39;ll help me a lot!

This phone should be re-branded as The Jay Leno.  Hopefully for Google it will be as popular as him.

Cant decide if I should go for the Pixel 3 or Pixel 3 XL?

Pixel 3 xl or v40? Thoughts?

EVERYONE THERES A SETTING WHERE YOU CAN REMOVE THE NOTCH

It feels like Google isn&#39;t even trying anymore. Apple is the only company still making decent phones

The notch is deeper than Marian Trench.

how do I find that wallpaper in the thumbnail tho 

I think the phone is NOTch for me. Haha

If somebody noticed or not.Last year camera was on different sides on both devices.But this time they both have it on the same side

o___o

Sad that the cool phone assistant features aren&#39;t coming to the other pixel phones

<a href="">4:30</a> 
Anybody else saving their money for who ever goes notch-less first?

You could land a plane on that notch 

Still love the pixel line, but I don&#39;t think it is worth upgrading from the pixel 2 xl this year.

if you are facing issues in your google pixel feel to call on - 1888-623-9983 toll free

I&#39;ll wait for Pixel 4 XL 

I love this phone bro but have no money 

aside from wireless charging and the slightly better oled screen, all the improvements are software based. I like the regular pixel 3, am not a phablet person. However, i don&#39;t see the value at that price. Im still rocking a nexus 5x and through custom roms ill be able to update it to 9 and receive most of these features in the future. I&#39;m seriously disappointed with the pixel 3, if the upcoming OnePlus 6t is water resistant I&#39;m probably going to upgrade to it and download the Google Camera API with HDR+ and calling it a day

The &quot;small&quot; Pixel 3 would be perfect for me, but at 800$ I just can&#39;t .. I can&#39;t even, even. Will probably upgrade to a PixeI 2 with the prices dropping now.I would love if Google could make something around the 400$, cut costs on the CPU using the previous model i don&#39;t play any games on my phone, cut on the speakers quality since i literally don&#39;t know anyone who actually listens to music on their phone, maybe even make it just 32Gb Storage and only one camera in the Front. Bang Instant success for the mid-range market.

No MicroSD...nope

Hands down, without question the ugliest phone of 2018.  Note 9 infinitely better looking with a headphone jack.  No brainier for me personally.  To each their own though.

The notch is bigger then the hole it leaves in your wallet after buying it

Pixel sucks,,,,,long live the Apple inc.

No headphone Jack = No buy !

Sexy Phone I love that software and and speakers, btw who the fuck cares how the phone looks it&#39;s how it preforms that matters to me. ho[efully that 4 gig of ram gets updated :. (

This or One Plus 6T...we shall see

Google is really hedging their bets on this phone selling well to Pixel/Pixel 2 users.Joke&#39;s on them because I got the Note 9 and its 3.5mm jack as an upgrade from my regular Pixel, which I love but I can no longer feel the way about this line of phones like I did with the OG Pixel.  GOOG can get right up out of here with that superfluous BS, especially pushing software that is hardware exclusive (call screening in particular).I went Note 2 to Note 4 to Pixel and back to Samsung.  All of the ways the Pixel succeeded seem to have been ignored.  Shame.

ugly ass phones

I noticed you didn&#39;t say anything negative or positive about the screen.  for the pixel 2 XL I remember people complaining about the screen because of the blue shift.  It seems as though that is no longer an issue.  I wish when you hid the notch, that it would move notifications to the top as opposed to moving them below into the screen area... that doesn&#39;t make sense to me the notifications should stay at the top but the left on the right should both turn black.

wasnt a big fan of apple after their shitty greedy marketing but i gotta say apple is still in the lead of trending in smartphone design etc

I&#39;ve been a OnePlus fan since the X, seriously tempted by the pixel 3 as it will be available in the UK with my carrier 3. Not exclusive to certain carriers as the 2 was.

I&#39;m okay with the smaller version but the big one is just disappointing, if anything I&#39;m gonna wait untill pixel 4 to get a new phone

They&#39;re gonna sell a lot of Pixel 3 and like...NONE of the XL

Wow, I haven&#39;t heard P Holla in years, interesting song choice and great vid.

So the notch is the phones selling point!.  Google pays me Google owns you tube. Just aknowledge it&#39;s a big standard phone ffs

Uhm thanks I made the right choice to get xz3 :)

What a disgusting looking phone.

Even the notch has wtf face O_o

The only perk to getting a Google phone is the software update support is superior to other manufacturers. The continued lack of external sdcard support (for backup) and head phone removal I won&#39;t buy a Google phone. OnePlus6 or Note 9 are the only two phones I am considering at this point. Though I am most likely to stick with my v20 another year.

Bought the Note 9 , 512gb screw Google and the 1000.00 PDA phone that has specs from 5 years ago.

The smaller model looks nice, maybe I treat myself to a second phone for Xmas, haven&#39;t used Android phones in awhile!

What? All that function is not coming to old pixel? Not even call screen? Is there any special hardware required for that in Pixel 3?

Black phone with a black power button and painting inside of USB port black impressed you with the design ? Come On, Are you expecting Android users to think like Apple Fans ?

Google pixel 2 camera vs pixel 3 camera
Stopped watching right after he said; 4gigs of ram

Definitely notch buying this phone...

Chin, Notch &amp; Bump

What&#39;s the point of different corners?

Pixel 2 had better color combination.
What about the notch...the big notch

The front of this phone is so powerfully ugly. Christ almighty.

Wallpaper from the thumbnail anyone?

Is it waterproof or resistant? IP rating?

Awesome phone!!!

The Assistant screening calls is such an awesome feature!

It&#39;s simply not acceptable that Google decides to kill the headphone jack. There is no reason in the whole god damn world to do it.

Same bro.. Vera level... 
It&#39;s a joke phone. Also stock Android is shit.

Notch kills it for me... I&#39;ll never get used to it.. &#39;That&#39;s how they get you Man!!!&#39;

Good phone for price. Worst design ever
Total waste of money. Still super expensive and not so impressive screen whatsoever. It does have a good looking body but by watching a few videos still looks cheap, even if YouTube reviewers says it feels premium. Now with the most ridiculous notch. Google might be the one controlling the software but honestly their idea of a great phone still a mirage in the middle of the desert. Only a great camera isn&#39;t enough to sell a phone. They are trying to hard to be like Apple charging customers more with less features and throw gimmicks to make seen revolutionary. Honestly Google....plus look at their prices and battery sizes...much to learn and apparently the people that make this decisions need honestly be replaced. You want to be the cool kid on the block, you must innovate and show a stellar device in a World that Apple and Samsung dominate.

I was waiting to make sure. I really want to change to Google, bit they keep disappointing me. I&#39;m now writing this comment from my brand new Note 9

google now should be called googly since they fucked up on the design

Notch of shame? 

Who. TF. Cares. About. Notches?? So many words and time spent on such a made up issue that was created just to be able to say something bad about the iphone X at the time. stop fueling this false issue!

What if I speak different language at the Google call. Is she gone translate it. Or....

Real me C1 having lot smaller notch with dual camera and it has expandable memory with 4230mah and even facial recognition.... Also with premium body only for 7k??? What&#39;s the point to buy this

i don&#39;t care about , i can get used to it btw. it&#39;s 2k18. a $100 phone even got notch in it. no prob the regular pixel didn&#39;t include that tho. i really like what they do to the software. and hey? 899 is a good price for features they offer.

Tryna steal iPhone look smh apple really on top 

Guys, let be honest. Galaxy S8 and S9 are best looking phones for last 2 years. Just best looking phones. End of the story.I just can&#39;t believe how all brand are following the ugly notch invented by Apple.

No headphone jack!!!!!
I hate notches, wauw.. Love my Galaxy s9

I got a hands on at a local Best Buy.  Both these phones seemed solid but unusually light to hold.  Is there anyway to move the toggle button to the right of the phone.  It is nearly impossible to press on the XL

Watched on pixel 2

P-Holla  ;D Super cool!
Copycat from apple or banana

Disappointed. I can tell Marques you having a hard time endorsing this

Looking forward to receiving mine. Ships next week!

<a href="">9:35</a> freeze frame is exactly the problem is with tablets. I have much rather go for a sleek notebook when I need something more than a phone.

Fail 
This phone is <b>TOP NOTCH</b>

can suggest me which i will buy  pixel 2 xl or one plus 6t upcoming

But they said night sight is coming to pixel 2xl

ugly
so what&#39;s the difference,  it&#39;s they refurbished pixel 2s

Im watching this on pixel3..wbu?

The notch .. totally failed on the 1st look

Pixel lost its identity with that notch

It doesn&#39;t matter if you were able to get used to the notch over time. If the average consumer does not like the notch, they will not buy the phone to begin with, let alone get used to the notch.

Why why why google? I just don’t get the finger print scanner in the back? Never going to work for me. Please make it onscreen scanner like the vivo apex! Then I’ll seriously consider moving to android! Been waiting and waiting here.....

software features are not coming to earlier phones? Boo!!

Pixel team should have a better design team...who approved such a ugly notch..NOTCH..

Fuck Google they wanna go the apple way and abandon their fan base with their overpriced fucking shit

What a disgusting disappointment of a phone.I haven&#39;t been a notch hater until today. Terrible.

The notch can be disabled

Seems nice but it&#39;s too pricey

How about NO NOTCH and you just put the battery/wifi/notification icons/etc. IN THE TOP BEZEL LIKE WTF STOP MAKING PEOPLE ANGRY

Middle and right black squares are not aligned.

A giant notch and a giant chin. Nice google

Now Google is reserving software features only for the Pixel 3.  No thanks.  It&#39;s been a while since I&#39;ve had a Samsung but I think I&#39;ll re-visit.

I stick with my S8 Plus until next year Google sorry.

I hate this phone, just because of the notch, everything else on the pixel 3 is fine. Samsung is the only one not coping the notch that&#39;s why I&#39;m staying with Samsung. Samsung is leading the war against the notch and its doing a very good job winning the war.

Still cant buy this phone in any Nordic country directly from google :/

Design veryyyyyyy similar to iPhone ‍️
Notches are cool. Get over it.

Photo burst

Top notch quality

EWWW that is the UGLIEST FUCKING PHONE EVER!!! WTF google......

I&#39;ll stay with my s9

Thank you for this. Looking forward to see how its video camera compares to iPhone XS&#39; and and Note 9&#39;s.

Pixel 3 is a definite buy, and it sounds like the Slate is a winner too

i dont like gophones
This is one ugly phone lmfao

Jeez these are unbelievably ugly. Quite disappointed by Google.

Who remembers when Google CONSTANTLY dissed apple about the notch? Yeah, I remember too.

How much you want to bet that the Pixel 4 will have the world&#39;s smallest notch -- and that they&#39;ll screw something else up?

Please, align the black square on the right, it&#39;s so disturbing :)

No expandable storage is alway a deal breaker for me.

If you don&#39;t like the notch than buy the normal Pixel 3 not the XLstupid hipster morons :P

I don&#39;t understand why people are complaining so much about the notch. The  Pixel 3 (not XL) looks awesome! It even has the same features. So, why complain?

Notch gonna lie.. don’t like the notch :/

There are Iphones, smartphones, google phones, pocophones and then there is the Note 9 - The boss...can&#39;t touch it. Headphone jack, huge battery, MicroSD, S-pen, The best display, amazing duel cameras, fast, good sound speakers and jack, no notches, etc...

Phone screams cheap and cut corners.  With all the pixel 2 problems I don&#39;t see the pixel 3 being any better. I&#39;ll keep my note 9. Huge notch, huge chin, no micro SD card, mediocre display combined with the corners Google decided to cut on this one like the last one. Just junk.

The small one Looks like an iPhone 8 lolThe XL Looks like a donkey

Is it worth going to a pixel 2 xl or 3 xl from a Galaxy S8+?

<a href="">5:05</a> thats so trippy...looking at the display on a camera thats filming a smartphone screen which is filming you indirectly looking at it.

Natchzi would be proud...

Scratch mode

ROFLWho cares about the notch, my disappointment is they DIDN&#39;T configure one side of the notch to be all of your system alerts and the other side programmable so something AWESOME.I think that&#39;s their fail, NOT the notch

Where did you get a PCalc shirt haha

Google Pixel 3 has beaten every smartphone. Because it has the world&#39;s largest notch.

n that is big notch, and just a single camera, yes single.!!!  hhhh,  boomerang gate google,

The fact that they are withholding software features from the Pixel 2 just to strongarm you into a Pixel 3 makes me absolutely not want another Pixel phone ever. I got this thing to get away from the Samsung/Apple shenanigans, and now Google has become just like them. Pixel 2 will be my first and last Google phone. I miss the Nexus phones.

Can Top Shot be disabled?

I&#39;ll be trading my iPhone 7 for the regular Pixel 3, I&#39;m not a fan of large phones. I&#39;ll be waiting until year end to see if Verizon offers any real deals on it, not the usual crappy buy one get one free when in fact you pay for two and get a credit for 24 months.

Thats one ugly notch!!!!

Conspiracy: Apple paid Google to intentionally make Pixel 3 uglier

Get that thing out of my face 

That notch can fit another smartphone inside it and still have room to fit more!

I like notch

&quot;personal audio sounds good&quot;..... no headphone jack.... WTF is this review/impressions videos came to be? just another add payed  by big companies?... what happened to the truth?....

so marques choose google over fans... hummm interesting...

I like Google and android , but these are couple of ugly phones ( trying to copy apple )

I think the small Pixel 3 is looking good.

Such a bad design to include a huge notch at the top along with a chin at the bottom. Really ?

Really a top notch phone

The notch doesn’t bother me that much. It’s the chin at the bottom that is killing me. Lol.

No headphone jack is a plus.  Why wired, when you can go wireless? But that 4GB RAM doe.....Definitely sucks.

What happen to google pixel series. Worsen

Fake ass iPhone lol

That shit is ugly and looks outdated I’m good with xs max

How is the sound compared to Axon 7 with Dolby atmos and front firing speakers? The best sound I have heard out of a phone up to now

just preordered my first pixel, REALLY EXCITED

just say THE google pixel 3, why do u sound like a russian?

What? I want pair of USB-C headphones for my Pixel 2 

I need to learn English :&quot;v
Great video! Thanks. One correction though - face recognition is there in all Pixel phone’s! It’s an OS feature not dependent on hardware ;)

Notch of shame 

Marquees do you go to black communities and teach  kids about tech and the tech world

Awesome.I&#39;ll stick with a PC and separate phone.

64 GB In 2018!!! not bad

Who cares if the notch is &quot;DAMN&quot; big? It shouldn&#39;t change the way you use your phone.

I have been team google since nexus 4.  Had nexus 5, 6p, pixel.  If youre gonna charge as much as an Iphone and have a notch w/out headphone jack, i might actually switch to an iphone.  This is so lazy but if I&#39;m spending this kind of coin, I want the apple physical store i can go to that comes with that.

Man, that intro music really takes me back...

This phone is ugly

&#39;&#39;And we don&#39;t add extra features on the bigger phones!&#39;&#39; -Google

My problem is if the must have features of the pixel rely on their software then the software should be features of Android and not exclusive to the pixel platform.

My note 8 kills this pixel!lol

Hmmm.. A lot of news say the camera features will come to pixel2 too. That&#39;s how Google has been and I really hope they won&#39;t become like apple or Samsung..

Love that new google assistant feature of receiving incoming calls.

I see one plus 6 there..

Who else saw a Google ad before this video!

Biggest disappointment of the year in smartphones.

At <a href="">9:46</a> into the video I love that wallpaper, anyone know where I can get it from?

I think I can stick my dick in that notch

Worst google phone ever  !!
That&#39;s a top notch phone..

Hardware  not more interesting than google hardware .

<a href="">0:27</a> &quot;first&quot; look

What a notch!

Top <b>notch</b>

After few months, MB will switch to OP 6T as he did with Pixel 2 and OP 5T.

Should I say it?....I’m gonna say it.......”IT LOOKS LIKE IPHONE X...NO JACK EVERYTHING,, NOOOO ADDED STORAGE”!

What is tht notch ...yuck. I hate it more than the iphone s notch

Anyone know what the real name for the intro song is? I looked it up, but none of them were exactly what was on the video

That notch kills this phone for me. Such an ugly design. I imagine it would drive me crazy watching videos with that big chunk of the screen missing.

A big ass notch 
Sony XZ2 Premium owns this Pixel or any other android phone right now.. the Sony&#39;s phone is a beast..

Apple&#39;s copy

Notch looks crap

I will not choose the NOTch pink version! ಠ_ಠ

Everyone laughs at Apple. Google copies notch and removed headphone jack LOL

Absolute plastic garbage!

Google, are you serious about this notch?! That&#39;s bad,  that&#39;s really bad!!

That notch is bs

Gross any notch and all glass great. Not really liking those features

Man I&#39;ve been watching you since the Motorola Droid. Now you are getting exclusive reviews for Google! Far fucking out mate.

Lol

The middle black square in your wall feature is cockeyed. FYI.I went with the XL, hope to get used to the notch

It&#39;s just ugly

World best worst mobile phone ever.....
nod ankara speciali!! xdd
I don‘t know if to buy the One Plus 6 or the Google Pixel 2

That notch thing is the biggest back step on screen technology. And I can&#39;t stand to look at that screen.

Except camera

how many staff that google hire to innovate this new features???

iPhone Copy :(

I like it!Exept for the notch and the one camera than but further it is a good looking phone in my opinion

The iPhone notch is way nicer

Get the Huawei nova 3i I swear it has every single thing you need, been 1 month since I used it no regrets

It&#39;s hard to look at with that notch

yeah just saw the notch...im out

Must be some kinda insider notch challenge among companies

Lmao good try FBI with your tracking device

Christmas is right around the corner.. so I guess you can say google is in the <i>notchy</i> list

Pixel Design Team: Let’s copy everything people hate about Apple...no expandable memory...checkugly notch...checkno headphone jack...checkugly pink color...checksky high price tag...check

Dis for not in 4k.

Screw the XL the Pixel 3 is easily the best 2018 phone. Time to burn my OP6.

They Say They Don&#39;t Copy Apple.Ehem

Hold up, let me get this straight. This phone is really selling for 1,200 USD!? Ridiculous. My Razer phone 1 has better specs than this crap.

Looks like Mandy Sekiguchi
The notch just turned me off...

What a coincidence,I got the same design in my dream a month ago

Pixel 3 sucks... Google is the next Apple

MKBHD made a mistake in Title Google pixel 3 Depression !!

I personally think the notch looks great. I would rather have the extra screen than a large bezel. I mean you have to have a place for the time, battery, WiFi, notifications, etc.. Why not have them to right and left of the notch. Instead of black nothingness. Just my opinion.

Cheap Phones
The iPhone notch never bothered me but this phone I can’t even barely watch this video because it’s annoying me so much.

Thank you for the review man, but I am notch-panic person! I am enjoying my Pixel 2 XL and don&#39;t want to switch just because of that feature... I could be wrong, but i don&#39;t understand the whole point of it for now. Waiting for a Pixel 4 XL without it lol

Why all of you must have to follow apple? disgusting

Stop following apple please

Somebody please explain me what&#39;s the use of the Notch , specifically in this mobile??????????

My phone doesn&#39;t have a notch, so I never really had much experience in viewing a display with the notch. Yesterday I viewed a full-screen YouTube video on my co-worker&#39;s iPhone X with the notch display. We both noticed how the notch on the right side of the screen did distract from the viewing of the video, breaking up the continuity of the image around the right edge. The video was a how-to on an aspect of car repair and was well done in terms of framing the image so that the viewer would see enough of the surrounding components to get a good feel of actually being there and seeing it directly, but the presence of the notch was definitely noticeable and did not help at all in contributing to the quality of the video.Given the sizes of the camera apertures and the speaker grill on the XL, it seems to me that Google could have gone with a top bezel that would have been about 1/2 the depth of the current one with a little effort. The same applies to the bottom or chin bezel, again much too thick. Customer demand and reviews from many evaluators over the last couple of years have clearly demonstrated that phones with minimal bezel thicknesses are the way to go. It really puzzles me why the, otherwise smart, people at Google persist in trying to foist these unwanted old designs off on us, while charging the current premium prices for these so-called flagship phones.

Pure Shit.

Link to that wallpaper please

New phones each year.  What nonsense

When you want to listen with type c buds and you need to charge the phone....

- Notch- Glass back - No minijack - Protude camera Let it burn in hell
How&#39;s the battery life???

Totally want one of these!

Why did Google decided on this dumbass trend called the notch?!! And made it even bigger than competitors. I am happy with my Pixel 2. Pixel 3 doesn&#39;t seem like a good upgrade.

Looks like a great successor to the hp pre 3

I&#39;m debting between the pixel and my beloved company razer. Which phone do u like better. Also did the razer phone have a fingerprint reader and camera filters and modes like panamera

Water bottle!

notch.....

The notch has a casette player. Don&#39;t say you didn&#39;t know.

I&#39;m just upset that they don&#39;t have a panda version

So some companies are going to be copying iPhone now???

What an uggly uggly smartphones, Shame on Google, they really dont know what to do with their millions, oh wait, they know what to do... Crap

Fu notch
<a href="">7:00</a> There you go, OnePlus 6! Never Settle.

the Pixel 3 is even uglier

We just landed on the Pixel Notch 3, from the leak island.

I hate the notch, I was considering switching from Samsung to pixel but not with that notch

love the notch &lt;3

I really appreciate your knowledge and how well you go through all this. Well Done!

Dear Google, it is a super ugly phone. You gave android a bad name.

Google = Apple Sucker!
