One chance from a million to land powerless gliding airplane with super stressed passengers and crew. Look at the lnding angle. It was perfect in milimeters I guess.

This is pretty historical footage

wow just watched the film - it was so put together and the ending credits really gave me perspective - after watching this I am truly amazed! the way humans come together, the importance of family, how you can&#39;t reproduce human decision, are a few things this film showed me and I respect Eastwood for picking this topic as a movie, and doing such a touch notch job - the ending credits showed all the passengers and Sully it was great!

For real huh?
haha incessantmace
good one!

jesus, did your parents have any children who lived? you&#39;ve always been a big fan of what? This crash landing? And you hope for more positive results? Like the passengers will win the lottery together, too? You&#39;re a moran.

I hope all my pilots r that good

amazing. this guy is a true ace pilot

i would sleep like a baby if he was the captain of my plane

plane

i&#39;m guessing wrong page?

Yeah, this view hunting on youtube has just gone to far...

i thought it landed sort of pointed down it looked like a flat landing to me

My mom went to highschool with the pilot. 

Said he was a really nice guy. Guess he can add, badass to that title.

How many of these videos do we need on the front page of youtube?

Nicely done video, it looks like some sort of cctv-camera. Do you work there? Anyway, I&#39;m from holland and haven&#39;t seen these video&#39;s here on t.v. Nice to see a live cam at work.

My respect goes out to the pilot, he did a great job by saving those people. That is the most important part of all. Nice video.

Wow... pretty sick

I would like a comparison of chance as if it would have been a 767 (for an example)...



It looks like a very small plane... gotta help with destruction on impact?

Title Correction: It&#39;s not Hudson Bay...it&#39;s the Hudson River. 



(Hudson Bay is the large bay in northern Canada.) 



Cool video...very cool landing.

i think i see a dead body floatin in the river at 0:12

Fake!...just kidding!


Great skill by the captain and crew!

Super pilot! Amazing landing!
Actually ALL pilots are trained to establish a glide pattern and maintain airspeed in the event of a loss of power. In this case BOTH engines failed at 3000ft so he didnt have much altittude to work with and this was his best option. Oh, and I work for US Airways.

awesome footage.  i don&#39;t really believe in miracles, but DAMN this comes close.

Skilled water ditch... Nicely done!!!

It&#39;s like a nice boat on the river!

wow....that was really smooth....

So cool...
