Parnam, and  Salam  please meditate ok one hour.daily then you can know the real life. Wich  you live isn&#39;t a.real life. I always see youOn t . V.  Salam.

Salman Khan Aamir Khan picture Salman Khan Aamir Khan Salman Khan Aamir Khan picture
2021

2021

Your style would not be better than Aamir and Salman's burger.
Only Salman Khan will fuck with Aamir Khan
Salman's Jaga Varun Dhawan Aamir Khan's Jaga Ranveer Singh is the best
Superhit nhi thi bhai

This movie has been seen many times, Firvi feels like watching it and it is about Aamir and Salman that the movie cannot be complete without them.
Hit hai

It can done only by Salman and Amir..

plz amir sulman ko hona chahiye with raveeza krishma bhala shakti kapoor kash ye puri caste ho
At the time of comedy, the story will also be super and the film will be successful and the story will have to be made by Salman or Aamir.. These young actors of today will not challenge this film.
This film will absolutely flop Ranbir Varoon, no one will join this film..make a script that will go to Aamir or Salman and take such an idea...
Aamir Khan and Salman Khan movie new remix ok

Sushant Singh Rajput as Amir KhanAditya Roy as Salman KhanSonakshi Sinha as Karishma KapoorTamanna Bhatia as Ravina TondonJohny Lever  as Vinod (Bhalla)Rajpal Yadav as RobertParesh Rawal or Shakti Kapoor Perfect h

Salman and Amir he is best actres andz apna apna in dono ke bina flop ho jaygi

Salman and amir best hereo

vrun divan
amir &amp; salman
Aamir and Salman Khans

Andaz apna apna was above average

Aamir Khan| Salman Khan

Yes

Ranbir, ranveer/ranveer/arjun
Without Aamir and Salman Sequal is not acceptable...

yr you are good person , your voice is soo good

only varun dhawan and sushant singh rajput 

that director is crazy
Shidddhat manhotra and varun dhawan   ranbir ko to bilkul bhi na lena nahi to flof hogaigi. Ok

Aamir Khan aur Salman Khan lead role rahe toh picture superhit ho sakti

Aur yeh film flop hogi bhai

Varun dhawan .....and...ranver singh.....best pair....and tapsee panno...aur....parineeti chopra

salman and aamir

Fake

Nice bhai

Salman Khan aur Amer Khan Inko leke banao

Andaaz apna apna to flop ho gayi thi ab iski remake banegiChalo film to full comedy thi

Salman's Jaga should be Varoon Dhawan and Aamir Khan's Jaga should be Rajkumar Rao.
salman ka role varun dhawan  kare amir ka role shahid kapoor kare aur  karishma ki role katrina kare ravena ki role jackline kare  agar ye casts hoto fhir toh hundred persant film super hiiit

Shahid kapoor &amp; varun

Nice

Salman ka role Ranbir Kapoor Aamir khan role Shahid Kapoor
Shahid Ranbeer
Salman Khan and amir

Old cast

Salman and Aamir were there.
Amir salman
salman khan and aamir khan look like that
salman aamir govinda shahrukh anilkapor snjay dut in ke samane anjkl ke naye hero varun arjun sedart ranvir ranbir ye sa b bilkol bkvas lgt hai ye sab kritya hai kochna thodaa dirty cein's aur kuch uchal kud aur koch nahi
Yes, Varun tried very well in Juduva 2 but he did not have the fun that he had in Juduva 1.
There would be no fun in this film without SK and Aamir.
my mtlab andaz apna apna 2
Aamir khan and salman khan ko hi ho an chahiye
salman khan aamir khan
Varun Ranveer
Salman Khan Aamir Khan looks good Jodi will come with me after many days and it will look good
Aamir Khan aur Salman Khan Pehle bhi theek Thi Aur abhi thik hai Honge Inhi Koi Lena thik rahega Kisi Aur cast ko  Loge  toh movie flop Bhi Ja sakti hey

Nice. .

Varun dhawan and ranveer kapoor...

Wow superb

Tiger shtof or varun dhawan best hain andaz apna apna 2 mei

chutiya news
Wowww

Faltu

Very bad dear.
Wowwww

Nice amirkhan
