This is best acting ever done by akshay kumar

No one can sing this song in hindi except kailaash kher sir hats off 

kailash khair vocals 
in movie aksahay kumar is a real hero

Hello

Who says khalish sir was great voice any field 

Kailash ruined the song I think. Better AR or Sonu sing this gem in hindi.

Pakshiraj Real Hero of the movie

Robot is the best movie but 2.0 not satisfied..

For the sake of your religious festival during the 365 days, you do not eat any female goat or chicken for a few days and FIR is bad. As soon as the festival ends, in the same way, you keep loving the birds that eat chicken. just to show off
Government, scientists, leaders, actors and industrialists are all involved in killing birds.
Kailash kher....like

Guys this time to pray to god to kill everybody because we all are monster

So nice 
pakshiraja villan
It was one one of the best movie related to nature I have ever seenSave Bird Save animals It made me emotional ️

Underrated song of an underrated movie 

Pakshirajan was doing right But in wrong Way

Just love the humming <a href="">0:10</a> - <a href="">0:27</a> soulfull 

Me

The real is Pakshirajan Not Chitti

PakshiRaja The real hero 
Only nature lover&#39;s here

This is not a song its an emotion for the birds and all birds lover like dr salim ali who agree 

Please make your own song or run your own 5g sim.
If I can do this much then I will make a film...
This song is a masterpiece and a emotion for a true bird and nature lover 

I love this song

Every person has the right to live in his pocket.
I have a rabbit and I am just observing him and than suddenly I realised this song.......my baby cent my bunny 

From  1:6  to  1: 14    i dont know  why  enthiran  ( 2010)  days  comes  in my mind 

Mega world's superstar universe is only and only Akshay Kumaryes this is our universeReal hero Akshay is the most moral king of all
I love you Akshay
This world is not only for human 

This song is tribute to salim Ali bird lover

Nice 2.0 🇮🇳
 Hart touching love
Akshay best actor
Acting
Palshiraj

This film is about the danger to humans in the times to come, if we do not find a way to protect ourselves from radiation quickly, what will happen to humans? 
Beautiful God bless you and your Family always

It is the future which is coming soon!

Give me literal goosebumps, loved this movie and the msg it portrayed, save our planet save our wildlife

 emotional song
Akkians 
Pakshirajan was a hero

So beautiful! ️
Most funniest movie 
Both are heros

This beautiful song brings tears to my eyes 
Save  birds to pakshiraja

Pakshirajan️️
At least put the water........

Literally felt I would cry while seeing this in cinema !

I love this song

The real hero pakshirajan

Best message towards humans

Real hero pakshiraja
Pakshirajan = akshy kumar dono hero h
Went to theatre as Rajni fan came back as Akshay fan ️

Don&#39;t allow 5G please

This is indian musical history’s most underrated underdeserved song

The girl voice is so pure in the starting

Rajni sir is good in his place but this time in 2.0 , akshay kumar sir stole the whole show ! He was actual treat to watch

Everyone says here ak is hero but when chitti was upgraded to chitti 2.0 everyone was way too happy

My small bro Ka best song

indian movie high bughet 2.0
Human save = chitti robotAnimal save = pakshirajan

Ar rahiman sir has created such an incredible effect through his music in this song .

emotional  song

Maturity is when you realize Chitti is villian and Pakshirajan is HeroI literally cried in theaterGlad to have Director like Shankar sir

A beautiful song with a mission .

Best movie

LISTEN TO THIS SONG TAMIL. THE BEST.

The character looks like Salim Ali the bird man of India i think they get inspired from Salim alil

Save birds

Kis kis ko pakshi o se pyar he I love 

That's why this letter is a hero because he was saving everyone.
Par sabko woh insano ko Mar raha tha shayad wo tujhe Mar deta to kya hota to tu yeh keh ni pata

I cannot explain my fellings . welcome all good people&#39;s

America aur china main celphone tower bhut kom hai india main bhut hai kiyu. Save bird save earth

Real hero pakshiraj
Lead character of this movie was pakshirajan not chitti

Pakshi rajan is Hero in the movie ️

Tamil is unique

All of you please save the Bird 

Main Bhut hun

Pakshirajan
This masterpiece song but yet underrated.. don&#39;t know what happens with the taste of people&#39;s

Gbbb
Love song 
Birds lover 
BASTARD humanity, BASTARD humanity, BASTARD humanity!
Pakshiranjan from Robot 2.0 was absolutely right,Thanos from Avengers was absolutely right,humans are the bloodiest species ever existed in this world, in order for MOTHER NATURE to thrive, they need to be dead! That&#39;s why I feel an enormous amount of joy whenever I see human misery ️

Safe animals

Use mobile KO less
Real Hero Pakshi Raja Chitthi not
Safe Birds Safe Earth️️️️
This Film is perfect Example ofWe r IndianCinima <a href="">#Rajinikanth</a> Sir<a href="">#Akshaykumar</a> ji<a href="">#ARRahman</a> <a href="">#Shankar</a><a href="">#Kollywood</a> <a href="">#Bollywood</a><a href="">#Superstar</a>

It is  nice song

Real hero

People commenting it&#39;s sad by using their phones . 

Pakshiraj zindaabadadd
Really we humans have divided the earth but birds have not divided the sky
<a href="">1:06</a> is a best part of song and video...

Super star Akshay kumar is a great man

Whenever I go in the car, I always hear this masterpiece.
The great song on birds

Pakshiraja is Right Realy lRealy birds are one part of humans

<a href="">1:00</a> hartteching music

is this the first time A R Rahman &amp; Akshay Kumar have been part of the same movie can&#39;t remember any other i might be wrong

<a href="">1:22</a> 
IT IS VERY SAD SONG 
World Sparrow Day 20-03-2022
Most underrated performance of akshay kumar

Wow  ️ wonderful ️
Hariharan sr is best choice for singing.. kailash kher is not gud singer..

Hearing to this song after hearing the original Pullinangal song in Tamil many times. Quite good in hindi as well.

No one can sing it better then kailash 

Superrrb Awesome Fantastic song

<a href="">0:06</a>

<a href="">1:21</a> 
Every person who uses mobile is here. Bad thing is that I am also using mobile. ,
I request to our government , please do something for birds 
The world will be a better place when humans start thinking everything in this world doesn&#39;t belong to him or her.

I love a k
Bird lovers: Akshay Kumar is hero and Rajnikanth is villain. Mobile lovers: Rajnikanth is hero and Akshay Kumar is villain.

Arr

Akshay Kumar real hero
So best movie yarr. Akshay Kumar
Thamizhanin Perumai  Rahman 
Good song 
This song very good
Who know the real name of pakshiranjan(salim ali bird man) why people unlike this video?

How can you dislike this video?
Nice, Sog
Akshay kumar justified his role as Pakshirajan ,with nice Msg. to save Birds and nature 

I Support Pakshirajan
people commenting from their phone and saying &quot;save birds&quot;

This film shows our future ;i.e; how 5g,6g...so on will destory our India?

Arnold Schwarzengger was offered the role of Pakshirajan but he demanded 100cr later it went to Akshay kumarBut, even Arnold could not match Akshay&#39;s level of acting in the movie, gifted actor of Indian cinemas 

Dislikes are from the smartphones manufacturing companies

Amazing song
Soul ful voice


Nice

This song lyrics was written perfectly in telugu &amp; tamil but this song is sung soooo beautifully in telugu by M.M.KEERAVANI(M.M.KREEM) it might bcoz vast his experience in singing &amp; himself a great music director.. unfortunately in hindi lyrics lacked if not it would also a great song but the way sung by kailash kher ji was so beautiful..

Message from this movie  is absolutely correct for human beings because as our science is moving ahead, our living creatures are losing and after 10-15 years we will realise that what mistakes we have done.

Tiny little being,O tiny little being,May you sing your songs forever.Lovely little birdie,O lovely little birdie,This is my only prayer to God.No limits in the world,No borders in the world,Can stop you, innocent bird.Your sky is limitless without borders and boundaries.Every leaf of every branch is yours.You adore the entire world with your melifluous voice.My heart wants to fly with you, dear birds.My heart wants to fly with you, dear birds.Take me on your wings,Let&#39;s go away.Let&#39;s go away from this land.

Pakshirajan Crying Sence Make Me Crying

Best song of mans an birds

Yes it&#39;s is good

Why need 5g

Movie name pls
Akshay Kumar best Villain dangerous Villain
Kelash kher super

Love animals 
Dislike only humans are not animals
This is biology of birds

There is No Scientific Proof That Birds Die form Mobile Tower Radiation.

People are busy with Dilvar Dilvar while this song deserves more love

Why this beautiful song have less views compared to those scrap songs in Bollywood have more than 1 billion views 

Akshay was best to portray prime minister Modi instead of vivek oberoi 

True m hm hi villian h pakshi Rajan nhi we should think about birds k
Super song
Akshay was right in the film but no one has right to kill anyone if it&#39;s Animals ,birds, insect or humans we

so cute Birds

Kata Ni Bata Ni Tumne Ye Asam  epic lyrics
Nice song
I watched this movie in multiplex in 3D with familyIn interval

I had this song and my tears come ...... No need 5G..... We r happy in 2G.   (2G is called 4G right now)

Birds love you

Love from Tamil Nadu to Akshay Kumar sir.

Destroy google and americas smartphone

here is akshay who played 70-80 yrs  old guy when he was 50 while our sultan and king of bollywood[not for me] still dance around trees and  still called versatile , god save the sick mind of such people .

Basically Akshay Kumar is the hero of this movie

If you think this movie is worst then you are worst not movie....

It is inspired by Mr salim Ali khan

Don’t forget the legend AR REHMAN
Akshay Sir&#39;s character made me cry

this is the first time I loved the villain more then the hero  love you akshay sir 

I love birds 
Nature peace better that electronic gadget

This is true that is we have to so it is important that birds should live

Wow 5G ko ruko

We will save bird

Why I feel good when pakshiraja started killing people using phones....

Thanks corona virus for taking revenge kindly take more big revenge kill more humans pls

Only tamilnadu fans of Akshay sir like here

Falling in love with his every character day by day ️

5g tower  testing
Wow my fav movie

Hats off to Akshay Kumar, A.R. Rahman, Kailash Kher, Abbas Tyrewala, Shankar &amp; Nirav Shah (cinematographer) ️️
Aaj ke halat bi yhi ho rha he phele panchi Mr rhete oxygen nhi mili to or aaj insan Mr rhe he

ab 5g has come to trouble the birds
Very nice <a href="">song.love</a> it so much ...

Super
Nature has taken its revenge by sending away Corona.
a film way ahead of time...... but nowadays audiences prefer romantic movies than this movies....... shame on us

Akshay Kumar acting as old man was so natural and convincing. Such a great &amp; versitile actor. Unfortunately he can&#39;t be considered as a king of Bollywood, because only &#39;Khans&#39; with their pathetic &amp; uninspiring acting skills can become Kings in the corrupt Bollywood.But always Akshay Kumar is Real Don &amp; King of Bollywood.

AR Rahman ️
we humans deserve viruses like Corona 
Birds..

u guys don&#39;t deserve  this kind of music vocal and cinematography go and watch shit like tonny kakkar

A Pain in his Voice 

Woww so bufeatiful song

This is true, we only say this in the name of movie, but it is true that birds' ko mobile range says desies hote hai or unki deaths hoti hai we save birds birds
The real hero of this film was Pakshiraja, not chitti️️

We have put a stamp on the name of humans.
This world is for all the living and non-living organisms.

Nice song
I literally thought about birds since I watch this movie still I&#39;m think so I play this song Just imagine what will happened with birds after 10-15 years when all network become close and we get data from satellite 

A r Rahman magic touch

We are busy in now a day take carry of animals

Do we really need 5g?We are just thinking of the speeds and data..But how the n/w and bands will impact the birds...no one is thinking about that..

Such a beautiful song ️️
This is getting up my mindddd!..️

Any super star fan here

Dil bhaar aata hWhat a soulful voice️my all time fav KK( kailas kher)

When rahman start singing. It take into another world
Akashy kumar is best hero
Everyone has the right to live in this world
Please save birds

Was made by Akshay Kumar
Accha laga pakshi song
this movie was very nice isko national  w

Dislike those who eat cooked food mainly.lgta
Such a emotional.still 2 years


Jio is killing the birds by disrupting the range of the tower.
This film was hypothetical about this topic....but still a piece of art to be appreciated

Save birds  save world 

Nice

Tamil version was mind blowing

Birds 
Akshay Kumar gave a message in his film.
spellbinding
This song teach us save birds .  Really save us and our nature. Love this song. Thanks south Indian cinema . Thanks Shankar sir and AR Rahman sir.

Sanjay
Salim Ali️
He was innocent

Salute to S.ShankarLove this storyfeeling guilty after seeing this movie

It is our duty to protect birds and animals too.
Akshay Kumar ji's character is the best
This. Is true love

This song touched my heart. Really .
Kailash kher voice is amazing

Heart touching song

<a href="">2:09</a> minute of goosebumps..

What did you do today  Bird is not there, why did you do it? I am telling you who is dying because of my mobile. Save bird save bird 
I cried after watching this movie.this conveys very important message for human being.we need to  raise public awareness to save birds.they r getting extinct everyday very cruelly by human and latest technology.that why we r having too much of climate changes every year. I dont know maybe in near future we also will die bcz of technology,rediations now a days,ppl dies in such an early age,I know wt will with generations.Allah knows the best.

Save birds save birds 
If Thanos is right, even the bird king is right. For his beloved earth.
Wow, it&#39;s Heartouching song

bring this song to tv
Song is the best

But Something Is Off In This Version. Tamil Version Gives Goosebumps. Sry If I Have Offended Anyone. It&#39;s Just My Opinion That&#39;s It..

Not only birds we are killing all animals even knowing that they also have life and emotions plz don’t kill or torture animals

Kailash Kher has amazing voice

If u see this movie and u are crying or emotional than tell me by giving me like

I like this song

This voice is not giving that  cinematic dramatic punch  to the song

The birds seem to have adapted quite well to me. I see red-tailed hawks and scissor-tailed flycatchers roosting right on top of cell phone and electrical towers and grids, and seem to be thriving. Life seems to have a tenacity and capacity to adapt unlike any other.

In 2050 people gonna regret by watching this more

The Tamil version of the song is just a master piece

I am the worst human..i am sorry pakshi raj..i am so sorry..

If you write Kailash Khair's name also then what will happen.
people who say they should cut the cell phone towers and help birds but burst loud crackers and fireworks on Diwali. What a hypocrite  they are...

Save bird save tree and save the world 

Sunny

My fevourite <a href="">#Akshaya</a> sir I love you sir
Getting you 
Save birds save life

Pakshi rajan part is masterpiece in this movie

So sweet truth, he keeps the birds stubborn.   pliz
The vibrations of mobile phones really bother the birds.

This movie is great. It also tries to say that birds have a right to life

<a href="">1:09</a> best part
Goosebumps...great song , divine music by the god of music AR Rahman , amazing cinematography , amazing presentation , of this sequence I&#39;m talking about and all the sequences of past life of Akshay Kumar... sahi mein mujhe rona aa gaya tha jab Akshay Kumar ki baat koi nahi sun raha tha aur jab wo protest kar raha tha tab use dhakke mare gaye , jab wo roya

Watching only because of Akshay Kumar otherwise I am also hater of This production

Am from west bengal.Ami choto belae koto chorai pakhi dekhtam,,,ekhon 7 bochor hoe geche ektao chorai pakhi dekhini ️️
<b>DEDICATED TO LUCKY ALI, YE SONG DECADE KA BEHTAREER SONG HE. LOVE FOR CREATING THIS,  FROM: S SINGH RAJASTHAN</b>

<b>Yes story writer, cinematogra, screenplay vala should get national award...Well done superb love from rajasthan</b>

Super song
Akshay Kumar fans Hit Like
mindblowing song i have ever heard.

Outstanding song !!! Soulful song.I want to request people to watch and listen this music video instead of hunny sing and badshaah&#39;s songs.kailash kher sir sang it very very beautifully that it carried tears from my eyes.

Yesterday my most favorite love bird Is died the most careness is seeing only animals and bird Im not stopped my tears listening this songMiss you my lovely nemo is not died you alive my in heart 

One like for cinematographer nirav shah
this is such a beautiful sss confirmed No 3 is my lucky number

Akshay changed his name
dead you know this song is sung by a.r.raheem.son of legend Rehman sir.. ️️

We demand a movie with diff ending this time..where ppl find alternative solutn and listen to Akshay kumar

I liked the villain character in this movie..I would have been happy if he had won at the end

Only Akshay Kumar&#39;s story is watchable in this movie

The one and only movie where Rajni sir is sidelined..great screen presence and acting  by Akshay sir

AR Roman brother nice song
<b>Heart</b> <b>Touching</b> <b>Beautiful</b> <b>Song</b>  

I had tears watching this scene.

Back Ground Music is most beautiful ️ ️
Stop killing birds and animals like chicken, goat,pig, cow

Stop eating chicken

Akshay Gunda's picture will be seen by Rhea Chakraborty Gundi or Salman Sahid or Sarukh Budha Mahesh Budha Karan will watch Kutta Log.
Is it irony that a Buddha is used by someone and someone who is young is used as an idiot?
I could not find in you tube

I&#39;m Feeling proud to be Ornithologist.

No one praising kailash kher,who sang this song.

Kyword

Song is blissful, but thought of why the world&#39;s most populous bird in the world was ignored in the video. The bird is Chicken

I am speechless
South industry is best industry than bollywood please like

Street dancer 3 full movie 
And stop in the4g and5g nat
Nice lyrics
I LOVE  MY PARROTS AND THESE BIRDS ALSO I LOVE  ANIMALS ALSO I LOVE INSECTS ALSO 
Who do not like a video i will say that man is supit

Nice good work nice song  this song make me cry  my love hero number 1

Which bird lover do you like?
Love with birds please and save birds

Still wondering why ghenda pool getting so many views, and not this!!

Khalesh Kher Another magical voice 
Song could have been better.... Watch please in Tamil version

Superstar Akshay kumarLove you from Assam

My all time favorite song... and you...

This entire earth does not belong to humans but belongs to everyone. That's right.
this song sung by kailasa kher hit like right or wring

I&#39;m daily morning watching I&#39;m feel relaxed 

Rahman is god of music....can any other music director create this kind of song ans the kind of music...just listen to this song in headphones or earphones aand try to listen each sound you find layers arranged very well ans you also hear lot of bird sounds.....pigeon sounds especially

What do you learn from doctor pakshiraj nature is useless and donot try to remind people or you may be killed.

It was awesome experience in theater when this song came on big screen

I like song

Very nice song

Very nice song

We humans are virus.

The song has a deep message

Current issue brought me here

This Movie Thought Us That We Should Care Birds and Not Treat Them Bad Because They Are Also A Living Thing Like Us.After Seeing This Movie Then Also We Didn&#39;t Cared Then We Should Be Ashamed

Yes 
it must dedicate to salim ali

It is a truth that if there were no birds then we would not be alive and we should not use cell phones.
Chitti is not real hero of 2.o

Akshay kumar is the real hero of 2.o

Please save birds Please reduse radition

One of the underrated song, this should be on trending️️ crona is another form of pakshiraj

Song is really very hurtful

Akshay Kumar one of the best actor in Bollywood

Shankar vision n imagination + ARR magical music+ Akshay= this song is a GEM

Akshay Kumar is my favourite hero he always makes a picture which basically based on some problems

Pakshi nhi to manushya nhi please don&#39;t kill the birds

Kelash kher legend voice 

Amazing voice, lyrics and specially the music

Akshay kumar hero not a chitti

Full movie send sir
Brothers, I am writing a book. Tell me which subject's professor has Akshay Kumar played in this movie. I can't remember the name of the subject, so please tell me quickly.
Akshay Kumar has become the professor of which subject in the movie? Leave your answer.
Akshay kumar all rounder actor har acting me fitt action love story  comedy emotional dance vilen deshbhakti historical drama pure natural acting
If we don&#39;t save nature....it will leave us with coronavirus like horrible destiny to us!!

Akshoy kumar is Hero not Rajnikanth in this Movie

I don't care about you, I am walking from the ground, I am walking from the ground.
Corona has come to kill everyone
2.o best movie ever made in India
Plz upload full movie, we r getting bore bcz lock down

Tq give to these song to all

Akshay is Real Hero.. Whose Agree  With me ?

What a composition by AR Rahaman sir

Who else is watching this on their phones

Song Or thora hona tha dil var ata he sun kar mera

Listening in lockdown situation all over the world April 2020

Ye gana westorn touch vocal se gawaya hota to jayada achaa sound karta kyoki musoc westorn he ..example arman malik Etc

Dukh wali Baat ye he ki Bharat me content wali movie piche reh jati hen sirf is liye ki bharat ke log hi inhe Pasand ni krte

6th April 2020..magical Kailash Kher song  another AR Rahman&#39;s masterpiece.

I don&#39;t know why I am crying...

Don&#39;t kill birds.. Especially bats

Pakshirajan is real hero not chitti

Brother, those who have also made positive comments have done all these things from their mobile phones. We are not villains but are forced to become villains because in the future we will need more towers and more frequencies because people are not satisfied even with 4G.
Aksay kumar is nice

Good

Corona is also a reason

Whenever I watch this video my eyes are wetty

Very beautiful song 100 million likes for       song and Akshay kumar

<a href="">#savebird</a> save nature and save our planet because global warming one day end of the earth before that we can improve ourself

This is akshay&#39;s best performanceHe nailed it I m cried when he convince people  and they ignored him 

Sab birds ke liye regret dikhayenge But no-one will limit unnecessary  usage of phone

Thanks

please send me link of this movie

Goodsong

This song is dedicated all the birds of our earth

Akshay sir spoke true and good things while starring and Kailash Kher was very happy, this is amazing, I will do as much good for these animals and birds as I do for them, Jai Hind 
Birds ️
<a href="">1:26</a> &#39; one world , humans are world citizen without endless border like wise birds and all animals also world citizen&quot; indian prime minister modi spoke that phrases in UNO in tamil. it was originally written 4000 years ago by Tamil poet tholkapiyar in tamil ... now for this song translated to hindi.....tamils respect all things including non living things....so only worlds oldest language Tamil is still surviving ...

Thise song fully shooted in USANot edit fully real

Nikhil 
I love this song
Somebody please tell me the device name which is used by Akshay Kumar try to understand the birds frequency in this song?

Save nature  buddies
It was awesome song

Sad to see people not watch these wonderful song less views 

No punjabi song compare this music

This song written by the great man Na.Muthukumar ( Tamilnadu ).(( Rip sir....)) Ur lyrics  spread everywhere like a Air

No matter how many good motivational movies you make, people's thoughts can never be changed... Songs with sex scenes get 500 million views and this video is only 5.5 million views in the last one year. 
Sublime ,Melancholic ,wonderful composition,a very different kind of rhythm ...

I cry while watching this video.
I&#39;m crying right now not because of the lyrics of the song,  I&#39;m crying because of the reality.Humans... You, me,everyone we are all responsible we&#39;re killing our planet

Very lowest viewed song

She is not khan she is a king and real hero of bollywood diamond

A r rahmans music   i have only one word  purity

Reality save bird 
Isme muje @kshay sir ka role ka laga or who ka laga?
Save tree and bird

<a href=""> please view this video and thank you

Kelash kher 
supar

Awesome 
Save bird

️️️️ nice
Who is listening to this song again and again even today?
We can save the birds

This song deserve more views and likes...

Please save the birds please
it's true
Best song of 2018- 2019
Love this song deeply

Akshay kumar is real hero in movie 
Love this song

Sunkar, I don't know where you go...................................
Real hero is pakshi rajan

wow amazing <a href="">song.ye</a> song rulati hai
I love birds

So beautiful and starting of this song awwwwwwwsome

Very nice song......Best....Plz tell people to get out from their busy schedule on Instagram and Facebook and listen such songs and do something good for environment.

2.0 is best movie  best story
Dis like persons died soon
Save birdsss...............

But what killing the birds is entirely not cellular network....its a minor factor....the main cause is usage of fertilizers in the farm lands which not even killing birds but also humans......so go organic guys.....

India need this types of movie

Akshay kumar is a Hypocrite.He &amp; amitabh bachchan supported to cutting of Aarey forest while many bollywood actors &amp; actresses spoke against this. I request to all my brothers &amp;   sisters to boycott his films because in films he pretend himself a patriot &amp; social human while in real life he support defforestation.<a href="">#SaveTrees</a> <a href="">#AareyForest</a>

Akshay KumarHypocracy also has its limit*Save Aarey
What an acting by Akshay

kilash kher voice not suitable for this song ,in telugu its more beutiful

In truth, we move from the ground...we move from the ground to us till the ground. We go up to the ground and come back with the sea to the ground. Lots of love for poor creatures 
Akshay Kumar superb acting in 15 minutes of film, otherwise robot 2 is flop

What a great song by Kailash Kher Kailash Kher is the great singer of India country

Tu emotional song

This movie is stupid , mobile tower radiation doesn’t kill birds ,  so much money spend on faltu concept,

In this movie Akshay is not a villain. He is also a hero in this movie Please . For 3 hours do not use smartphones ..

Akashay Kumar ji very good picture. ..Show your eyes to the community. ...SAVE BIRD please Rajanikanta Sir Namaskar
Bakibilla
One like for Akshay Kumar
So cute

The original Tamil version of this song is better.. if you consider the seamless flow of the lyrics merging with the melodious flow of the song.. But this one too is right up there.. In the heavens.. Only ARR can make such heavenly music.. Divine...

Wow nice wonderful

The world is not for only humans,I love 

Best Song.......for birdsOne like for the birds....

3.5 dislikes from mobile network companies

The best song and movie

Best movie of all time in india

Par bhai movie tatti thi

Save birds save birds

The music of rahman and  voice of Kailash kher has created music...... Every time i listen i get tears due to overwhelming...

S.Shankar is not a human 

You all will think it for some time and do it again

<a href="">#SAVEBIRDS</a>

Very emotional song

Urs real hero in this move

We support you Akshay
m
Vakageet
My India

I love birds

this not a song of 2.O; you are wasting my time

The movie where akshay kicked rajin&#39;s ass

My favourite song

Love you akkkkkiiii
Tamil version of this song is best.

bird is a things that gives us another life。please dont kill the birds love the birds
We are so sorry dear lovely birds

How many of you cried,,when Pakshirajan was trying to convince the people, and people ignord himTell me by likes !!!

<a href="">1:36</a> device name plz plz bhai log
Don&#39;t waste time using mobike study karo aur pachiyo ko bachao

Even I want to sit on the wings and go away from earth and meet my died birds

Who is after mission mangal

This World is Not Only For Humans1 Like For Birds 
Why am I Crying?Human Beings are worst creatures.
love you song friands​ 
we dont want 5g....please save birds

After watching on 1st day show , i seen old man akshay, when he was crying when birds countinouesly going dead ,i am weeping for 3 days when i saw this seen , truly akshay is best actor

I love this movie

Save birds

We should save birds

Akshay Kumar hero not Balan hero
Nanhi si jaan berry nuce sing illov uuuuu
I love song  
My Love song
Akshay Kumar is right in this film for birds   only one time everyone give water and food in home terrise
SJY

I am sure. birds are conserve

Akash sir, it should happen that  the tower is removed from the earth and then Modi ji requests that the tower be removed. .... Plz attention
These song are heard touching

Who&#39;s watching feelings gud

Super movie
Akshay Kumar is not villan he is real hero.

It's such a lovely song and it's such a wonderful view
Earlier yes technology had to be banned.. How much people understand that yes everyone will use it.. Now yes it has become everyone's habit.
Man can do anything for his selfishness 
Rajni is villin. The hero is akshya.

Motherchod akshay ko apna hakk ka rall nhi mila picture mei

I salute Salim ali sir
Earned 1000 cr from Akshay Kumar's account 
I love song
Soothing bgm when akshays story is told in the movie ️

the dislikers need a bullet fire on their ass ,,all should help animals and save forest ,,,

One of the greatest movie akshay &#39;s good acting

I love these world animal and bird  but I don&#39;t  love  human  
Most challenging role by akshay kumar...

Nice

We don&#39;t need Robot... Just save the birds...

Sad we learnt nothing from the movie 

T song that touch your heart

pakshirajan didn&#39;t get respect which he deserved

Akshay not a villen Villen we areWho can agree with me?

Although pakshi rajan kills to  the man who had using the mobile  but -I&#39;m supporting to akshay  because he did for bird to stop radiation of 5g electromagnetic fields wave which  is harming for birds And its very sad movie for me

This song is very nice. The movie is not bad, but the environmental theme is a bit off-putting.
2.0 best song bil chhu liy hai

Akshay kumar top class acting 2.0
Sai h

l love Bird and this song

I love song 
Most Beautiful Song
Starting music ..very emotional
Heart less people who disliked this video

Nomorecellphone

How many people like this song?

heart touching song..

Nice bro

Don&#39;t comment kyui ki self phon not use

I slalut by akshay 

In my view Aki better work from all in 2.0.He inpire all tech companies to Do work for better tomorrow for all.Not to destroyed future.

Heart breaking song
Brilliant movie   thanks for rajnikant &amp; AK

Pakchirajan is not Villian He is Real Hero Who Agree This

Swar se tede jagaye rango se ambar sajeya ---What a wonderful intro dialogue in the opening of the film that makes you want to heart.
Akshay Akshay hi
Please upload 2.0 screen shot fire scene

My hero akshay sir and Rajani sir
Who wan save bird

Super sang akshay Kumar
I understand
his way was wrong but words were true

It so beautiful I liked it

nice

Akshay Kumar flashback sence awesome...Pakchi Rajan role ...
Nice song Love thise song

please you all don&#39;t kill the birds

I became vegetarian after watching this song in the theater. This song touched my heart. I thought if we have options of fruits and vegetables why should we kill any innocent birds and animals.

A r rehman is the best music director of india

Save  bird.....
Akshay Kumar making awesome movie for us🇮🇳️️
Sweet song
Akshay Kumar is both the hero and villain of 2.0!!!! My GOD!! AKSHAY KUMAR is looking unbelievable

So nice song i fell like
Super

My fav... hero

Salim Ali is a birds king .akashy Kumar play a good role

I can’t wait for part 3 of this series I like chetti

I honestly felt bad for this guy after seeing what happened to him. This was a good movie even though I didn’t understand what they were saying I had to guess and read about the parts I couldn’t understand

Please save the birds

The world is not only for human

1 like=1000000 Love for birds and nature

Akshay is the better actor of 2.0

LOVE THIS SONG naturally..

This film should get oscar award...how many of u agree...

I am Akshay  kumar side 
my hiro aksye kumar
After watching the reality I really stopped using mobile too much and never make a call to customer care for low network , save birds please please and quit the bad ass network that hurts birds

One like for birds please
Cool  song
Who is that idiot stupid who was scolding to that pure heart  person

Great song
I am in the side of Akshay ...not robo ..

This song deserves #1 on trending forever...!!

Akshay not a villan in 2.0 He was a hero....

Decrease towers

nice movie safe bord
Akshay Kumar is the best actor
Akshay steals the show in this movie

Save Birds save earth

Akshay is not villain..agree???A like for birds..

vv
so sorry

so kute by by

Who loves Akshay Kumar sir and Rajinikant sir
We have to save birds growing more trees and reduce radiation this movie gives us a most important lesson which we have to understand

Acutely we r villain ....

This is the world&#39;s best film please love birds don&#39;t kill please and Akshay Kumar sir and rajni sir I&#39;m your biggest fan

I like

1.22 what a  lyrics  with best voice hit if you like..

So sad song bard don&#39;t call plz
best

Akshay is khiladi of booly wood

I love this SONG in the team of pakshi raja

Nice video

Akshay kumar is big actor boss he is not villein in 2.O is a hero Next He will hero of 3.0 because of he likes to all <a href="">#SAVE</a> BIRD&#39;S #

Everyone has written that they have gone to save birds and in the mean time we all have started using our phones again.
I love this birds
In China, in 1958, due to Mao Zedong's madness, 70 to 80% of the birds in the country were destroyed and because of them, the children ruined the entire crop. As a result, there was a famine in China in the next 5 years and 4.5 cr log maare gaye.....
Kailash kher

Nice

Best...song...
My favourite song kk

I listen to songs and I come soon.
Akshay is not Villan is Bollywood superhero

like brids song like birds  most 2.0 most message for  birds  most movie best movie for 2.0
Kailash kher deserve more songs in bollywood. Such a soulful voice.  In the movie Akshay was villain but in reality we all are deadliest villain for our nature.

Akshay kumar is tha best actor and good men

Nice song
This song is excellent and very nice .i wish the birds save please. 

I love you Birds

2.0 movie gave
Akshay Kumar ne SB k Dil Jeet leye the is movie Ko kr k is k leye Akshay Kumar Ko award Mila hi chaiye bot JDA achi acting or movie bnaye thi
save birds

Akshay sir great
Akshay sir grest
Movie daal do
Please save Birds

We are villains , destroying Nature

aesi film sankar bdatihe
I love birds

Robot movie

like you Akshay Kumar
Butter chicken

Who are watching this beautiful song in 2019?

Nice

He is the right person he is not a villian

I love peacock
nice

Please don&#39;t kill BIRDS save BIRDS

wow

SAHIL

How much does Akshay need?
I like this song

Apna akki kabhi ghatiya movie ki kar hi nahi sakta osm song love you akki
Nice&amp; Please send full movi link

Aksaya kumar u r really brilliant........

Really I love animal

I love animals and I like this song .

2.0 is the best ever film

Akshay is right and rajnikath

Nice

We are vilin  is very important

We. Are  Killer who kill the birds                  ️                    ️

My favourite movie 2.0

Robot 2.0 is the best movie

2.o is very nice pic.

 i am on Akshayes side he did it rigth
Good

nice song sung by kailash kher and wonderful music given by legend only one mr a.r. rahman. 

This film touched my heart 
Plz plz full movi update
I love 
I cried a lot 
I agree

Very good song

The music is so good.

This is very best song and feeling

This not song this is feeling

Save birds

The song is very sad l like it

I like (Robots.0)

I agree

I am Akshya 's side.....because I also love birds. ....He is not a villain. .....We should use such technology which does not cause any harm to the birds. ,
It is emotional

Whose eyes watered after listening to this song
Akshy Kumar is right is bird ke leye

Jai DBOSS YAJAMAN

Uri: The Surgical StrikeAditya

I agree

Very nice song heart touching

Superb song
Akshay is not a villain he is a hero of  2.O movie

Nice I  Birds Save birds
Yes good song
Nice

the song is very sad.we are villans not the birds,one like

There were tears from the eyes
No one will listen to you sir, you can't do anything for your selfishness, you can earn money from everyone, but you can't express the happiness you feel.
Nice

Akshay sir you are hero of the film you did right

It&#39;s huge problem,we should definitely save birds!this movie and it&#39;s concept is so touchy I feel so bad for those poor  birds...please save them

ess film main akshey winner hai usko marna nhi chahiye tha he is right we must save birds

This movie gives us a heart touching moral that for the sake of other innocent creatures we should reduce the usage of mobile phones. But even in reality the telecom authority has written a letter to the film certification board that the message conveyed by this movie is fictional. The network operators keep increasing the number of towers in competition with other operators and say that we asked for network availability in rural areas. It is true that network availability is required in rural areas but we never look at the huge number of towers in urban areas. There are more than the required number of towers in a particular area. Hence we all should do the best from our sides to save birds by ending the overuse of mobile phones and also by providing water and some left over food to the few birds in our surroundings

This is best song

Supar hit song n supar a r rhman
Aksha is right

Coment mat karo yaar hum sabhi ke pass mobile he hi

How can I meet my mother once more... I love you so much sir... I am a big fan of you... just once in my life. I love you sir............
its a good message for save birds

Akshay Kumar is right

one problem is the song tis is end

one like for birdsits like here and not using mobile daily
In this movie Akshay Kumar &#39;s role as a villain but he was doing this sacrifices for saving of birds.

After zee cinema premiere hit like
This man ..no one can match the accuracy of Akshay kumar&#39;s acting...my godd

Who cares about these innocent animals?
Birds

Emotional Acting <a href="">#Akshay</a> Kumar
Hay

1 like = 1 birds can be saved

He did right
Thank god we only have 4 networks in UK. I hear bird singing every morning near my house. So am glad we not hurting them.

Why this song is so underratedAnyone April 2019

Whatever be the ending u r always be the hero for nature

I love you Akshay , love you brother, the true love of nature and we all protect the nature

Start from 0:6 or <a href="">0:35</a> tk audio bhut bdiya h
I love this birds

so emotional
Full movie plz...
Akshay Kumar... My Favorite Hero Is... And please comment who is your favorite...
I love move

That&#39;s where A.R. Rehman makes all the difference...

Both are right but we are also wrong that our face is hurting so many other people like please like
oh ho Hero super hit
Just feel it

Why you died 
it is true story of Akshay behind 13or14 years ago I.

Birds are died please save and help

Please please please please save Bird&#39;s

I will chalenge you you will cry if you agree with me like my comment

Best part- <a href="">1:07</a> to <a href="">1:12</a>
I cried for 10 min after listening this song we are villain who kill innocent bird every hour. I m with akshay

truly  true *

Akshay is write but his way is wrong

Nice

Save birds (Akshay is right way) please save birds

Save brids

Now we listening this song but any one realize that we are using cellphone for watching that great india

Its really beautiful photos I like it

I agree

Only 4million views for this song Very bad yaha pe koi item song hota to 100million views mil jate

<a href="">01:06</a> my most liked moment

save bird

This song has come to me very well
2.o the hero akshay

I love this song

very few views
this-world-is-not-for-human...who-agree..????

Nice message given to this society... ! Good sir

Kya phone sachme bird ko marte  he agar ha to jio or airtel ko band karo who agree me

Enthira logathu song full upload tamil
after watching this beautiful song  last ten min&#39;s of 2.0 is very frustrating ...

AR Rahman
Paagal ho gaya hun
Too emotional
Honestly speaking I watched 2.0 because of Akshay Sir

excellent song and excellent acting by akshay kumar

One like for akki.



Plz save Bird&#39;s

Listen to original and  Tamil version. Singer has nailed it.

AR

Amazing
When it will release in Amazon prime??

Tamil movies are better than Hindi movies.. there is so much creativity

Awesome

2019___better////// :)

Any one know which place is this?

Ya koi HD download karne ka website dijia please

When will Robot 2.o HD be released on youtube?
Feeling like father and his child

Fake microweb rays do not harm humans or children because the web of light is more than microweb so they do not kill atomic bomb radiation and xrays which can destroy nature.
Dhruv Rathee all got together and said that because he is the enemy of BJP, he has made his movie and told the wrong thing about politics.
Vigyan ko tabah karna pathega charles darwin bura tha ishayiat buri ha islam bura ha sarey dharm bura ha jattibad bura ha nastiq bano ya madarchod allah ko chotho sur vigyan ko apnao
This song makes me cry every time I see it.
No hero like Akshay can always work with the government, he makes such movies.
Akshay isn&#39;t devil  we are devil

The Next level composition by ARR Sir.️
bkwas

Atul
If anybody like this song he or she would use his cellphone because it kills birds

He was a good villain

<a href="">#SAVE</a> BIRD SAVE EARTH

Gaye humaara dil tumhaare saath panchhiyon...Dil udnaa chahiye humaara dil tumhaare saath panchhiyon..Panchhi be like...APNA KAAM KARNA MC!
Bird clear environment
Bird helping people

Bird our God

Very good sir

Dill wooddna chaye with you panchiyo
Awesome Akshay sir
Jai Ho mere Hero...

Jia ser

give akshay kumar and this movie oscar and national award

make this like movie and songs and work like this story line akshay kumar I appreciate u

nayaz

Very nice bird care

After watching this movie i stopped using my phone! <a href="">#savebirds</a>!

robot2 full movie  bheajo
sounds better in  tamil  ...

Awesome movie awesome actors.

If someone loves this song he will stop using mobile phone because it&#39;s radiation kills birds

Khub chan gusty sangla

Love from my heart

2.o is world best film

Aaditya bhau
Hit like for akki

Seriously nowadays shit songs getting more views than the beautiful one

Kailash sir you are really great and akshay sir hats off

Birds are the innocent creatures in the world

Once upon a time we got roja and other hits but now we get this from  Rahman.....,,,

Tamil singer voice is best.

Guys,,listen Telugu version....excellent voice
Nothing~2
Akshay kumar should take phones only why he should kill humans then dot .

Ar Rahman

We have to save birds not only birds all animals we have to save

Super duper
akki sir fans like
I love 2.0 
Rajini sir fans hit like here
Pakshirajan is the original good character of 2.0

ARR may have tried any other voice instead of this voice,, not so good to hear comparing tamil version,, if KK had sang this song means it may have reached outside our Asian continentVery worst voice 

Yeh toh Kaylash khair ka awaz Hai. AR Rahman nhi ?

vese me to sirf hollywood japani aur korean movies dekhta aur english song ke videos like krta hu pr ye song best he like krna hi pra

so cute song 
Akshy is best

super song
Wow .....Mr kk

Madarchod he is movie ka hero superhero he is movie ka villain a 

hootiyapa

so cute
A refreshing track after years

Nahi si jaan  Nahi si jaan Pyari si jaan Pyari si jaan Really nice 
God&#39;s best creation is man we have the knowledge and power to create or destroy it is our responsibility to look after each other avoid violence and take care of other species, instead of spreading violence spread peace, justice and love. Always remember that with great power there must also come great responsibility.This movie was awesome, this would be in my top superhero movies.

sounds worst when compared  to telugu and tamil... kailesh kher voice is not apt for this....

Ye song movies ko boring karata h..... bakwas song h....

Super cool song and supreme song

AR sir you rocked...as always
Basically akshay sir hero hain movie mein

For dislikers. Who are these people and where do they come from?
Kis kis ne pehle Nazar mai Akshy Sir ko pehchana he nhe

Hit like for Salim Ali and Akshay Kumar
Who has become a fan of 2.0? Like Boss 
Magnum opus

good

Super akshey

movie me akshay ka mitive bura nehi tha

It&#39;s a irony situation how we save our birds but  human race need fast internet .... Think deeply...

Film to TV pe dekha de
Movies put on
Akshay Kumar is the best
Maasoom panchi  tears came in my eyes after listened this song please inka bhot khayal rakhe kam azkam in parindo k liye pyale me pani zaroor rakhe apni chahto pr

In this movie,I would support Akhay because his thought was totally correct.God bless you.

Ok

Don't tell me your sky.. Million dollar line.. 
so cute yaar
Just we have to off our net during when we not using the phone

<a href=""> nature lovers
Very cute

Love mi A.....

Emotional

<b>Save birds</b>

Probably least disliked video in comparison to likes

Very akki sir

In this film, Panchi Raj, which tells all the countrymen about spreading radiation if they use too much net, it is true that if we all together use less net, then somewhere the birds which are rapidly becoming extinct in our country will be saved. will go
One like for birds

️ we have to save birds not only birds all animals 

You cannot reach the heights of love and knowledge through tears and praises. ........this line tells everything
Sir

What kind of people dislike this video 

Akshay is a super hero

one. of. songs. most. great.

Akshay Kumar is the best 

Akshay Kumar Bapu Ka Baap Bollywood Ma
Only for rajni sir

Nice song
Nice

Brother gave negative role to the main character in the film and Akshay is the hero of the film.
Who watches it daily

Do not kill bird human beings please save bird and world save please and thank you god

save save me bird
Please save birds please.................... ️️️️️️️️️️️
Good pakshirajan
I take 2.0 side if 2.o ka side Lena hai to like karo
Akshay kumar is real hero of bollywood🇮🇳
Nice song
Definitely akshay should be awarded and rewarded for 2.0

Wat a song deserve a national award in all aspects

nice song par Itene dislike kyu
Protect the precious birbs ;-;

This was the greatest bollywood movie i have ever seen!

Akshay saves birds but in wrong way

I love this song when i here the song my all tenctiones are gone️️️
Great legendary
Movie se to background song acha hai

In 2.0 Akshay kumar was villan but his thoughts were like a HERO

3K dislike! Who are these people...where do they come from...
3k dislikes, Abe isme kharab kya hai

I love this song or kids ko 2.0 achi lgti he	Reply:-)

So beautiful song wow very nice

Nice friend my heart
So nice song ..........
robot 2;0 vidio song hidi
i love song for nanhi si jaan
Very very nice and heart go song

I am on akshay&#39;s side in 2.0 he is right &amp; I also love bird&#39;s 
3k people dont like this song because they realize human dont even respect another human, and how to expect human going to save birds... does this make sense? Think 

.

The song is being sung or the poem is being heard...
Real HERO AKSHAY Kumar &amp; all BIRDS....much Love from me...

Save birds

Love you story 
nice ak

<a href="">

Akshay Kumar allrounder actor.Akshay Kumar allrounder actor &amp; best acting.
save birds.....

Akshay ji headsup
In 2019

One request to Chitti 2.0 , kill those 3k dislikers of this video !!!!!!!!!

nice video

Very nice  song and beautiful space video song very good looking

Bird is a part of life heart touching song

Yes akshay Kumar is good in this cinema birds is dying 

Nice song
Whoever disliked will fuck
Bahut khoob
Best best best best best
The real hero of this  film is  pakshirajan              chithi is villain of  this movie                   birds  are  prestigious                      I  hope  you like this comment

Awesome

I think He has done role of pakshi premi Salim Ali role

Akshay Kumar real hero
Who got orgasm in theatre when the first bass beat fell in this song ️

Hit block buster movie
Song is so Nice I like so much

Rakshassi ka video song banao
Akashay sir you great save Bird

I am

Mast he

Nice...Very Nice

Mother's eyes of 3k dislikes
O naive bird come back home 

What's the matter?
Akahay kumar is real hero on 2.0 movie movie

I like it  akshya sir
Akshay Kumar is villan but         mere liye hero on movie

I love you Akshay Kumar
O.N.E Of The BEST VIDEO seen by ME.

bollywood news dekhene ke liye mere chainal ko vist kare

plz subscribe my chainal
I love Akshay
This song desere100millon

Everybody is saying that hit a like for Akshay Kumar and hit a like for bird why anybody of them didn&#39;t say that hit a like for kailash khair

Happy New year

i love akshya akshya ifans hit like her
I like birds and akshi kumar

share if possible<a href=""> Lyrical Video....

Akki da
2.o se kon sehmat h or kitne log esse prabhavit huee h

Akshay is king if bollywood

Who  understand the meaning of the song and realized the message given by the film to save birds   . 

wow Super song
