Ise to different hi chia. Roj
She and her sister are best

Lol

even a little
Hiii

Nice
Really I don&#39;t like malika&#39;s dress .....haad...hai 

Why do I want Arjun Kapoor to marry Malaika Arora? Why do I want Malaika Arora to marry him? Why do I want Arjun Kapoor to marry Malaika Arora? Why do I want Arjun Kapoor to marry my father Malaika Arora? Please
Bajaru orte ense aache kapde pehenti he

She is fuckerty so...

What is the meaning of being naked, mother of a young son....why is the old filth in the society spreading, you put it on your conscience.
Don&#39;t like her.

Why does Mallika Arora dress cheap? She&#39;s showing her front, side and back, she has young sons who must feel embarrassed to see their mother dressed the way she does

 beautiful ... Lady ...sopam coupl
Your just talking shit, so what is wrong with spending some time with your sibling

Chutiya ho kya bhancho
5o above malaika marora
Malaika arora nahi malaika marora maroda haha ​​koi is ko kapde do arjunnnnnki maa malaika marora ha ha maa ki umer ki
Muze to Arjun Kapoor and Malika do not look good together
Clickbat

Besharam aurat.  Shameless woman. Think about yr grown up son.

You both are better at eating, buddy, you are feeling better, you will like to show your body, dirty lady.
Wow brave lady, Bichara Arjun
Wat type of news is this?

Why do people follow this old lady

use some money in clothes
DislikedBcz I like malaika.
Druggs effect

Good morning ji
Bakwas band karo

Don't let your life go, people are wasting their lives. By making such videos and such photos, I wonder what can I do, even the people who watch them are crazy. We should take action first.
It's not the people who are gathering headlines, it's the people who are gathering the dust that Turkey is gathering.
Both are big gasti

Kamal ki tange hai to Tang hi khichnenge na madam ji

Lesbo hai shayad
Chi nal ra n di hai. Wherever you are with someone. bitch
There is no pet from one India and the other one is going on 
Shameless woman

Kya hai ye malaika arora.  Seriously ... she the one who is spoiling the coming generations.

Sarm nhi aati
I thought of myself as a beauty and I didn't feel good wearing these clothes.
Arjun  andar  ghus  jyega

Half naked. so shameful

World's dirtiest word
kuttekaheke
Chutti ya timi
KDE v nhi .e marriage kdi v nhi krn ge life vich
Shameless woman dum mar. There is a need to wear feminine clothes. Dirty woman. Discussing.
There is a Punjabi saying, chadhi javani budhinu.
Why does she always keep exposing herself?
Stopped watching your channel after what you did to make it sensational.
Look at the beautiful Candi lady clothes!
Nhi

Sbse chutiya reporter...jb kch na mile toh backchodi krni shuru krdi
Haa aap bhi thodi sharm krlo .. thumbnail kuch or story kuch 

hell......news 
Dhobi ka kutta na ghar ka na ghat ka

Itna vahiyat dress to call girls bhi nahi pahanti.Arjun kapoor is blind or he is short of nice young girls

Faltu bakwas

This foolish woman is very shameless and has given up her youth.
Apne latak ta sina kholkar dikhati

Mc news
Arjun's mother Malaika
Karishma, Kareena, Malika and Amrita, the situation of all four is similar. Got tit for tat.
Safali pagal hai
Didn't find any more food to drink
chutiya video
stupid bhabhi
She is a naked woman. All those who wear such clothes are naked women.
40bande chahide enu
How long will it take me to know
Bodk

even a little bit
Budhape m jwani chad gyi h aunty ko

Gatiya video by making it for views to get third class 
Chal be chutya

but it's painful
Didn't want to eat but learned that it was very interesting news.
Arun tera number konsa hai tuze pata hai
Time wasting

Gatya aurat k naam pe daaba
No punch py gi  no like

The old lady is still fit to die
akdam bakvash video
They R modern tawaif..

Who cares what she does. Cheap woman.

Both of them advised my aunt to wear hijab.... only Hindus are not allowed to wear it... but Muslims are not allowed to wear it.... this is the only advice that is not forced.... my aunt does not feel like walking like this.
Bakwas

Shameless lady.

Nonsense Lady

You are also like Malavika...Maarvati is following her path, you will put some weight in the capstan and will show some....you have given wrong news.
Faltu video.. please be normal....she is her sister

Why you want to discuss about her

malaika is a peatifull but

Nonsense vidio

Maha fudhu bhakvaas video
If she is on a date with her sister then she is a lesbian then what is the need of Arjun Kapoor then Arjun Kapoor will not be able to satisfy her. How much will be true?
Fuck you all get a life leave her alone. And those calling her aunty. First go and look at your ugly bodies. She looks perfect she can get away with being naked in this age perfect figure

Shameless <a href="">sisters.How</a> can they dress up in this way and roam around?Have some decency.

Shameless woman. What kind of clothes does she wear?
I Sanam Mela awr I he kudah Mela Dubi I gahda I gar you I gaht you
Malika, what are you doing with this pig with aunty, idiot?
Bakwas news.

Block Karo is channel ko..Kuch v dikhana hai bas..guys don&#39;t waste ur time by watching this channel

I don't know how people become fans of this bastard. She is even more shameless than a prostitute.
Cheap

Lol reporter needs brain operation 
Pagal ho kya

Lasbian

<a href=""> Click the link and share the channel as much as possible so that Sushant Bhai gets justice.
<a href=""> Click the link and share the channel as much as possible so that Sushant Bhai gets justice.
<a href=""> Click the link and share the channel as much as possible so that Sushant Bhai gets justice.
I can try for maliaka plz come to pakistan i like your style

The two real sisters made a video even on small matters like eating food together. People's time is being wasted.
What&#39;s wrong If she goes for dinner with her sister. This is the limit of madness, the type of picture and topic used.

I am writing a letter to the public.
What a crazy news..
She should&#39;nt bother with clothes!!!!!

sexy hai bahut malaika
You have made everyone happy, it is very nice, I wish we were in Bollywood too.
Faltu video doctor aate ho
Tm logo ko khuch bhi bolne ke liye mil jata hbs bol do thoda to sharam kriMadam sushant bhai ke liye bhi bta do khich agar etna ki coverage kar rhe ho to

F.   U    rr

We also eat and drink with you
Anything to get view

What are you writing on PGL or what are you looking at?
These batsmen are not ashamed even of their young sons. If people started thinking wrong on the face of the horse or even on the lede, then the horse became red.
She is a bitch.....who looks for diffrernt breed dogs ......

Oh, I'm sorry for Sram
A girl is unfaithful. A girl is unfaithful. All the girls in the world are unfaithful. Friends.
Woman needs neither crown nor power. Woman needs power.
There is no shortage of such clothes in India.
Headlines to dekho..

Iso habsi ka chaiye 1 foot ka chaiye..in india no one gets 1 foot ka chaiye.
Thu

Just like mother and son

Randy no.1

Bkwaas news
hm log hmesa porn indstry ko blme krke he wo gndgi felate he pr apni in  jaisi actrs ko kase sudhare.

Very third class lady. Charitr naam ki koi cheej nhi h

Pure dresses nikalde
yeh .sunder nhi hai  body. itni bakwas hai is ki.

Lode baaj
Malaika seems to have spoiled all the boys, she has taken care of all the boys with her own hands....
Friend, why are we pregnant, we are bored with you, bed news
She is older but she feels like she is still 18 years old.
Itna bakwas

Who is a fan of long?
All you people gain publicity stunt by editing

All that is left is to paint the naked intellect
To tumko kyun mirchi lagi
Ooh Naniji, you are soooooooooo hot so sexy

She is nothing but a third class person having fourth class mentality.

Aunty ji, do it again. You are not a sixteen year old girl. Look at your gesture as if you have just become a teenager.
Çx chcçfç
Very sad. Dirty old lady.

Aunty ji shame on u

Ek s mn nhi bhrta h iska
She is beach

Chanal wali madam aap to mlaika se bhi gyigujri ho

Reporters, This&#39;s Height of stupidity. Totally Nonsense, bas video banane se matlab hai... 

Chudail hai malaikaa big ugly witch
U should get banned. Not speaking about this perticular video but personally I don&#39;t like u

Bsdk....

Looks like the actress is now going to promote the porn industry.
Now is she dating Arjun Kapoor's uncle?
Buddhi...trying to look young...if you don't do makeup for 15 days, you will look like a crow...it's crazy
Tna koi km ni aa to bhi bhja

There is no less information about you
No 1 Rendy

Buddhi ghodi lal lagam
You will expose yourself to such prostitutes. Proud of you.
Budhi, bhudi, bhudi, bhudi, hai
Yes, it's tiring
<a href="">

Malarial you got old so that not be have naked dress,same

You are throwing something, have you gone on a date with sister?
The real burden is on Budapay.
Sweet but
The in-laws are bringing glory to their parents' house and are teaching their child to be disciplined from now on.
Now you have left all the steps on Budhape, forget everything boyfrnd, showyfrnd….anuty jii
Hell mi jaige aroda
<a href=""> kindly subscribe and share my channel

Malika 1 lesbian girls
will  you  merry  me

Bore

Why does his mind look so bad? Why does he look so shameless in his clothes?
This lady is in a dirty shop
thoooo

Buddhi queen
Directly open and show do n use v q paste ho
Arjun ko b apni mummy ki age ki he milli aur ladkiya mar gyi thi kya

The shameless woman looked at such a woman who worshiped our eyes, she became intelligent but look at her actions.
Why do you give useless news, troll Arbaaz, she is already suffering her life from above.
This woman is dirty and lazy.
Both the sisters have gone a lot and have always been alone, Gumti is not strong at all.
What clothes is this woman wearing?
Now the machine has been used, there is no difference.
Toot jaye rishta Mai to chahati hu

hot aunty
Bhvdi hi wow...
It's so bad that I didn't know how to make a heroine, Diya
Ye ager dress naa bhi pehne to koi socked nhi hoga she is so durty , I am  so   sorry  if any one will get hurt but I don&#39;t know why whenever I  see Malaika  I fell  bad , I don&#39;t have any issue or something  but don&#39;t know  mujhe gheen aati hai

Salman's sister-in-law
Malayika Arora  Has also met Arjun Kapoor..what did you meet?
Petrol gye

Malika Anti bas kare
After becoming so rich, I don't have any clothes.
Sick old women in the path of destruction

The world of fashion is alive only because of such people, but marriage and love sometimes end in deception. Malaika so beautiful modern lady.
Pata.nhi.es.besram.orat.ko.eskye.ghar.Vale.nhi.dekte.kya.
Besram.ghtiya.orat.cusaa.huwa.aam.
Es.kuttiya.ke.nagi.poto.dalne.ke.alava.Koe.kaam.nhi.hai.kya.tuje.pagal.bakvas.
I hate malaika
I want to keep the meaning of my time, it's okay to live my life.
I don&#39;t like Malaika arora
Bashram Badmish bode

club dancer
she is pretending to be kim k

my hart is broken. I fill sad for the guy

the guy is cute.she dnt deseve him

He is ashamed of himself, what will he do, he has taken away everything, Arwaz and Arjun have taken away.
Nothing else works for you bitch
Stupid lady not celebrity

The dress is nice and suits the woman. Understand the modesty of a woman.
Malaika way she is beautiful, she wears dhang kapdae, or looks beautiful, I like her.
Thu h ess pagl or budi Orat pr Same h

Malaika is bloody characterless bitch

Thank god arbaz you left her she is really such a bloody asshole

Malaika is bloody oldie bitch
Malaika is bloody prostitute bitch

What is the truth behind this?
Arbaaz ka toh sus liya badme arjun ka ab arup ka v that means tripple a

I don&#39;t understand what she thinks her self her name is famous only for khan family there are many womens Who have done lots   of struggle IN there life my respect is for only  those strrugling women

What is the meaning of this dream that has come to the Muslims?
Uhhhhhh kya paahanti hai..chiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiaurat hokar.chiiiiiiiiii
J

What clothes do you wear this year?
Malaika
Must say she made more name for herself now than being married . Well done !

Nanngi ghumneshebhi ennkoo sharamnahi ati dhoo thukde kappde jishampe penhenneshe Kay fhayedha
He is born helpless. If she had any sense then why would she steal such a message from her husband and she would pass it to Arjun, who had suffered a lot at his age and would look like her son.
Louisville f*<b>***</b> telling you in case I Drive hi kisses and cuddles hope you had a good dinner

This buddhi buddhi heroine has made a dash for Nash.
Arjun went mad,,,that intellect is useless...I feel very bad for Arbaaz Khan...I support Arbaaz Khan...no support Malaika &amp; arjun
I don't want to get married please
Bde log kuchh bhi krte h unko frk nhi pdta or hume kya

So Wat her life her wish

Oh shameless girl!
You tuber...rani laxmibai ji Indira gandhiji..Sonia Gandhi ji...veermata jijabai Bhosle ji..Sarojini naidu ji...shushma swaraj ji...sunita Williams ji...kalpana chawla ji or somewhere safe madam About whom you can write...Who has kept his sanskrit...Malaika is a dirty picture, Arbaaz gave a chord for this...plz show me the false mat...
Who said she is queen of bollywood...

Nange pe kapde achhe nahi Laggte

false

Besram hi ki
<a href="">

Besharam aunty..
Now I don't suck the angel's milk.
Keep it in such a way that you don't think about your daughter, how much does it seem that a mother acts like this anytime she exhibits?
Malika should not marry Arjun have fun is ok with Young but if she Weds in this wird father&#39;s son she possible will be killed by Around father boni the way boni smartly killed Shri Devi and Malika should take a moment to think I don&#39;t trust boni kpr  Malika Tay away from this family don&#39;t be blind

What clothes did I wear?
Bakwas Jodi what did Arjun Hero say or what did this aunty say?
He is married to a poor woman. He has given birth to a daughter. Bodhi is now 50 years old.
Budiya is a whore
वहियात
The shameless wise woman wore dirty clothes.
Malaika g kapre na pehna kare q k koi fayda ho nahi hota sara kuch to khola hota h

Insan Jab seems to be Buddha, Satya also appears with Umar, please control.
Very nice

Amma kab tak date karo gi
The one who doesn't have much to show is the one who shows the part of the human being.
You are naked
Shameless lady Why is the world watching your body, there is no shame old lady
Whatttt  nonsense

The smell of the drain
Idiot, he makes even some news.
So dirty
..there is no use of media except praising someone..
Nice

Another Chutiya hate her like anything

Absolutely no jamegi
Nobody has the right to comment such badly on others life so why should people create such a big issue she has her own right to choose better for her and who the hell are the public to tell her ugly she is the most gorgeous lady in bollywood

Bkwas

Video start at 2 :00
Bekaar jori
Hummm 60 years bhori....

Are you mad? What wrong news have you given?
Bilkul bakvas malayka bilkul buthi lagtihe
Blve me she is ugly face and her body looks like old women body all born no meat at all ... this arjun is a GAY and famouse GAY like Kiran johar and group.

Very bad video
Pkka diya
Mother is showing love for her daughter...I don't understand...Malaika is close to her.
Where are you sexy? ,
Budhi ghodi laal lagam
Yesko big wala landa chayehe he koi bolo
cottage
What is this girl wearing? What makes her look sexier than a sexy man, she is wearing rubbish, she is a heroin, what is she looking for?
These women are here for once...not later.
This called Indian lady no sense of wearing clothes only exposing her falto body

She is half naked always and exposures her body shameless lady

Besaraam Buddha
I strongly hate Malaika AroraMost ugly old woman

There is no shame in the shameless people, they are not ashamed, they are the ones who dare to tell the truth, what kind of people are living in India, what dark red bridle is there in Hindustan.
Cheap woman no respect for her body always exposing herself

Jab yae pore kapde nhi pahan sak thi toh apna ghar Kya basayeige  sham celebraties

When you roam around such a woman naked, then there is a lot of sorrow in me, then even if you feel the pain, roam completely naked.
Bakwas

You idiot keeps talking about anything and have no other work except giving you nonsense news.
Wahh.. what a news!

Budhi ghodi lal lagam
Darling

She is shameless old woman 

Bakwas women channel

Bada Bala Chahai Bo Dudra Hai
Boongi mrri h app nyy
Bollywood has ruined the world
Sharm karo mar jao Doob kar
stupid anchor
Such a shameless man, what a beautiful dress he wears!
It&#39;s here life

professan h unka ye ,lime light me nhi aayege to paisa kaise kmayege ,aur kuchh glt nhi krege to news me kaise aayege

Silly

Arjun looked like an angel of his mother's age.
I dislike this couple

Pgl h ye

You are more beautiful than Malaika...your voice sounds like no one else...has given it.
Malaika Arora has not recovered Shaitan hai because he did not wear clothes Malaika Arora is not ashamed nor has he come
Bakwaaaassssss faltoooooo pagal
Salo kitna suspec mai rskhtey ho unscribe you
Buddhi kuch toh shhram karle

Bakwas

Nice

Thodi to saram kar

Useless video

Jinal He

shut up or you are of no use
Aunty, your son doesn't say anything?
Where do you take the news as nonsense, why do you celebrate like a date with your family and why do you talk to negative people and your voice is very irritating
are you crazy?
What nonsense are you saying to me? Are you saying this to me too?
What did this talk about when the human being was with his sister or with his family, where even the ghosts were not there? What could have been said?
Bekaar channel
Confused
Wtf

What will you eat today, also put it in the video..... Don't make a stupid video, people are very less than others.
Chuti girl

What is left to spread, don't spread anything.
............. Is video ke like aapko is duniya ki sari galiya meri or se in DOTs me 

Achhi hain yr itna glat mt bolo
Cracterless
Bakchodi

No

Chutiya Pantih
Your videos is very nice but you make videos on cricket celebreates.
