Paresh rawal is a legend. This movie change my concept about God.

This movie change my concept about god

bhagawan.acha.manusya.ke.lia.acha.he.saitan.ke.lia.saitan.ban.jata.he
I didn't want to run away. Ne mara act of God
Whatever is true is true
Sir ji, show the complete film.
The best Concept ever made. No wonder how would it be if this happened in reality. Although it&#39;s in the film, it somewhat kinda depicts the reality of the human thinking of this  &quot;Act of God&quot;.  Really......excellent.  Hats off to the director

watch this Australian movie called the man who sued god.

this movie manipulated it so well....



showing muslims rational and only temples the sites of sin !



good job !! good job public ..... you proved to be easiest fools to get manipulated !!

Pura film dikhaiye

Movie name
All financial intermediaries are there too profit for themselves not for the people.

Parsesh rawal good
Kanji bhai tells truth to Insurance  OfficerParesh Rawal ki Jai jai kar

One of the best movies of this generation

Act of God 

Please is film Ki upload Karen

O captain my captain
His internal bhagwan frustrated  and got angry .

Kiya hai film yaar, it was fun, I learned an amazing lesson.
Act if God = Nirmala Tai 

Coping south indian movie
Parash Rawal, I salute you for making such a film.
Act of god

What nonsense.... He does not know &quot;act of God clause&quot;.This scene is not funny at all... Bhagwaan ne maara...

Mena ni marra bhagwan ne mara 
At the end of this film, God has come in front of Kanji and this idiot has not accepted God for so many atheists, now God has come in the society.
Bakbas movie

Paresh Rawal is good acting and real life 

Rolex watch time will tell you what a normal watch is.
8595317674

This movie is made for changing mind of weak hindus...So don&#39;t become weak

<a href="">1:06</a> mei behenco bola ye goggles bala, behencho
Completely Against Hinduism and Hindu Culture. In this movie no scenes related to  islamic and christianity or other religion. Shame on such actors..Try to make same movie about islam and release in pakistan or just in india. Riots will be started in a single day of release. If u unable to see air it does not mean it doesnot exist. And Also many scientists belieaves in hindu culture. Even first Atomic scientist open Heimer talked about bhagwat geeta after first atomic bomb test. And whom dont believe in god or supreme power. then see image taken from voyager satelite from space. there is millons of multi universe around us. we are not alone. we even dont know anything about nature power. We even dont have medicine for cold. Completely absurd movie. When even albert einstein have faith in god whose iq is very very high. I think whose iq is equal to donkey or monkey will be agree with this movie.

<a href="">3:25</a> &quot;Aey Tu Darr Kyun Raha He, Bandooq Le Na&quot;
Responsibility is determined by love, not by law... Feeling makes you love... If you do not feel then no law in the world can make you follow the rules...
Eshe desh droiyo ki waza seh Bharat Gulam hai

Nice

Jhakaas
Krishna  came to kanji after mahabharat . It&#39;s his first visit in kaliyug

This is v good film. There is no God at all.

Ek no. You are legend paresh rawal sir

<a href="">2:29</a> This Rolex is sold in the market for Rs 2000
3.26 27

Ae tu darr kyun rha hai banduk lee na
To friends, what you have done seems like God or not.
Baghwan did not kill 
Very nice

&quot;Logon se unka dharm kabhi mat chheeno agr run logon se unka dharm chheenoge tho woh tumhe apna dharm bana lenge..&quot;So true islie toh hmare desh Mai hum sabko Bhagwan bana dete hain anyone little better than human becomes God for us.

This thing doesn't make sense, why should one write the letters, God has done this.. Insurance people should write it
Hahahahaahhahahaa

Good movie

There is God but no one can see His picture. God is one.
Aploud full movie

Mst movie

Superb comedy

Good extion Mr 07 now 2020 is g s

O m g 2

very good
Nice video

The funny thing is presh rawal ki sarkar bhi act of god pe hi sab barbadi daal rahi hai. Hum bhi utha le kya ab bandook kanjhi bhai ki trah?

Hindus should move away from Sikhs.
Hello

Indias gdp also fell due to act of God

Why will you raise questions only on Aamir, you hypocrites, who has shown the mirror to hypocrites not only Hindus, Muslims, Christians and all religions, and Paresh Rawal Mithun will not say anything on Akshay Kumar, you hypocrites from somewhere.
Nirmalaji, you must watch this movie. Term came to be used. Covid-19 is an act of China brother, who will tell this act to the government?
Nirmala Ji visited here recently!

Act of God== Act of vuhan

<a href="">3:11</a> 

Who is here after nirmala word &quot;act of God &quot;

States to Nirmala Sitaraman right now..

Act of God!

In today's time, there is a need to make such movies because we have become a toy in the hands of Maulana and Pandits. Allah has asked us to take care of the poor and not the contractors of religion.
I like this movie very much, I have to watch this movie oh my God
Please upload full movie

Paresh Rawal is a best aektar

<a href="">3:06</a>act of god h mne ni mra h bhgwn n dúsra chta bhî mra
Lahari Ashok Buddha Lead ; Humanists Womans Lead ; Bhahujens Lead India ; Thanks Sir

Osm movie hai bhai
Is movie se mujhe samaj aya ki hum galat kar rahe he

Me aaya to tha neeche tumhe sach batane ....lekin uss sach ko sirf tumne dekha ....samjha nahi

And He is in BJP now



Please dost full movie load Karo

This movie changed me entirely...

HELLO, I AM THAPKİ PYAR KI, THAPKİ, JİGYASA, BIHAN, I WANT TO MAKE A CLIP OF THIS TWO, AND I ASK FOR YOUR PERMISSION, PLEASE ALLOW IT.
Paresh Rawal is legend 

<b>Jay Shree Ram</b> 
Please help I want to be actor

1st view
