I approve!)
When russia attacks non isis targets... World war three coming up

They demolished some Mohammed’s barn and rejoiced)
Explain to me why the drone camera is constantly looking in the wrong direction? Is the person who controls the “cross”? does not know about the location of the target and the bombing point? Or during pre-flight briefings no one listens to the instructions and they do it “at random”???
Good comes with fists, because it doesn’t matter!
I wonder what kind of ammunition it is? The mushrooms after the explosion are too huge.
The Saudi prince is coming to Moscow on Sunday, outraged that their terrorists are being bombed.
Some grape field was soaked
When is the ground operation? Or a shortage of zinc coffins?
command post in arable fields? Well, to prove it, the drone must first zoom in on the object so that it can be examined, and then take a long shot of the destruction. And this results in fireworks in an open field and room for accusations that the bombing was fake. I didn’t see anything there except a field and an alley of trees.
Where did they hit it? The shell exploded in an open field... Fuck this fake.
Good work!
Is this really ISIS? Maybe some kind of Nusra or SSA)
We are waiting for thermobaric ammunition to smoke out valuable objects!
Guys, put more cameras on the turntables, huh?)
What is that thing appearing in the air above the impact location at the moment when bomb explodes?

from the beginning of the video until the 12th second, something is moving in the upper right corner... ???
blunder :) I'm hooked on MO... I can't even fall asleep without watching new videos. ..
What is that transparent object crawling out on the right at the beginning and end of the video????
Fuck, why did they fuck this up so much?
This is Zoom...))
Moderate bombing of moderate terrorists.
Good luck to the Russian and Syrian military on the battlefield and we wish them to return alive.
Why is it so bad at filming - I should look at it - 20 sorties and a video and a half)))
wow, so many ISIS slippers flew away :)))
Why don’t they hit places where manpower and equipment are concentrated?
put cameras in the cockpit of the Su-25, you're craving cool footage
The magnification is so good
Poor Syrians. They don't have air defense from Ukraine. We should supply them with air defense. Calorads would drop like flies
Long live Russia, long live Putin ..Спасибо за Сирии
Sound is missing...
It is clear that the hyenas did not even have time to bark.
it's normal so much!
That feeling when Russians have democracy, not Americans. After all, these videos are primarily for us.
The Moscow Region needs to maintain additional interest among users, saying “if this video gets 10,000 likes, then we will send ODAB-9000 to IG.”
The Turks are furious with such wonderful blows!:)
bada boom =)
Do good for the joy of people)
was igil became graves
You guys are awesome!
a week ago there were 15 thousand subscribers! This is what life-giving bombings do to the channel!
I don't envy ISIS
Has a fire started?
good job our Russian friends!

And what were the many pieces that scattered in all directions? Did they have a tire barricade there? Has Antonina Aipishchenko's vanguard moved to the aid of the Svidomo Wahhabis?
Is Vert flying?
Directly seen as a &quot;moderate&quot; The terrorist is perplexed: Why did that boom like that? I couldn't make so much noise alone. And where, I wonder, is my balloon? And where, I wonder, did this rag come from? Mother! Ma-moch-ka-aaa!!!)))
What's that UFO crawling out on the right?
You go and go to the command post. And then bam! Second shift.
a jesli oni aktivizirujutsa odnovremenno ewe na ukraine i v afganistane - spravimsa?? turtsia uje ugrojaet a v baltiu anglisskie voiska perebrasyvaut. ww3 4to li na4inaetsa?
Finally, Mosfilm has learned how to shoot well
I wonder if at least one Alahakbar survived at the CP?)))
We need to write a petition to the Moscow Region to get the ODAB-9000 removed
This is how it happens - you fight, you fight for ISIS, and then you become depressed)))
This is ZOOM!!!! Just fucking ZUUUMMM!
Another fart exploded!
=GOOD WELL!!!=
burns well
Jewelry work!
Juicy!
Wonderful!
no mercy
