From a U.S. perspective, it it fascinating to see that French Police do not show the insecure and self conscious behavior American police often display when being recorded.

Good policing, hopefully they got that guy back in him home nation so he is no longer causing trouble for France 

Un sale arabe

I have a feeling that the guy did not do anything

Excelent job!

The French police are just as evil as the American police

Police on horse look funny

Which City???? Marseille???? Anyone knows? Anyone??? Quelle ville! Paris? Marseille?? It has to be Paris...7 yo video....Marseille started in 2018...

What was the Arrest for?

Tie him to the back of the horse and start dragging him.

The horses are honestly such legends

Thought he was a tough guy against those women that were smaller then him. Typical coward.

French. Says it all.

Wow he was so cool

Good job

What did the guy do? Chokehold seems pretty unnecessary because he was so calm.

I wish the aShokan DEP police ‍️ and town of Olive police ‍️ and Olive fire  department’s 1-5 do a parade for me on my birthday 

lol evrybody talking in the comment but nobody is french, you don&quot;t know the pm and nobody have seen the begining of the footage. Very funny to see how much people care about things that don&#39;t look at them!

Now that is how evil doing must be dealt with....

He should of hit the horse in the flank and turned that cop to a real cowboy.

The 1st french item/occurrence I’ve ever liked!

Yay Horses!

Great work by police*<b>**</b>

‍️

ftp, france belongs to the french people!

Good job police me interest french police but my have no douchment

Now he’s in trouble she’s gonna get a male policeman to arrest him , obviously 2 women cops , one which is mounted can’t do a thing

the horse be vibin tho

No idea what was going on or who is to blame.  But the motorcyclist with the helmet is a very patient and friendly man.  Otherwise the policeman on the horse who takes him into the headlock would now be in the hospital.  Grab the mounted policeman&#39;s forearm and just let yourself fall.  Then the Flic falls on the head from a height of 2 meters.  That cause injuries, even with a riding helmet.Dear female flics, either you are really able to arrest and control an offender.  Or you make a fool of yourself trying to arrest them.  In this case, you should have waited for more capable officiers.

Another example of Christians being Christian !

Schwule Franzosen

Un bon boulot bien fait heureusement que l&#39;officier est arrivé sinon .... Situation étonante pour la france surtout fait par la police municipale. Bien joué a eux

This is how some police behave in the so called free world ....

Back flip

Deux gonzesses qui ne servent a rien, il faut attendre l&#39;homme pour avoir un semblant d&#39;autorité dans un pays ou l&#39;état de droit disparait de jour en jour.

took one man officer to do what 3 women officers couldnt

The lady on the horse did fuck all.Needed a dude to arrest him.Feminism

REAL TUFF GUY.

Vive la France

Love how the horse doesnt give a shit.Man, horses in France are hardcore

Headlock???

Oh shit something is popping

Isn’t it illegal to record somebody getting arrested in France?

خست يطكوع فورن لصرعهم

Did a great job of waiting for &quot;the muscle&quot; to arrive..

Les chevaux sont des collabos. Moi je m&#39;attendais a une intervention du chien Rex alors je suis decu

&quot;What? You are a woman and you are grabbing me?&quot;

E bac tu liv bu gang? What TF does that mean?

They have some really nice police horses where ever they are. That grey looks like an Andalusian. Even the bay horse is high quality. I’m impressed

Why didn’t they just hand cuff him right away?

What I was saying was what happened to the feminety women that women used to have?

In this video the female cops are trying to be men. They act like men. Where are the real women? What to the femininety women used to have? These women are not real women. They are too mascaline.

This is sickening and sad

OMG if a mounted cop did that here in the USA, got someone in a choke hold like that, everyone would be yelling and screaming and crying and running to their safe spaces on their college campuses!

I LOVE these horses, so well trained. Also amazing job by the police officers!

Woman in police uniform... Useless...

i would told her, oh la la i like when you talk to me like that and gave her a kiss

Nice police work all round, and effective use of the horses too.

Aparte de ser hermosa la mujer policía  tiene coraje al enfrentarse a una persona de mayor tamaño

Alguien que me pueda comentar en español que fue lo que pasó please

Tout ça pour rien , à cause d&#39;un abruti qui veut faire le&quot; barbot &quot; et ce Faire remarquer.Putain mais il n&#39;a pas honte sérieux ?

funny to see how he is talking back to the cops haha if he was in the US he would have been shot dead right at the start lol

Well done cops! This is how it should be done. And yet butt hurt peoppe in America will yell &quot;police brutality! XD,good job on the frenchies!

That moment when you&#39;re standing inbetween two horses... you know you&#39;re fucked xD

Voilà l&#39;autorité d&#39;une femme dans la police ça ne rigole pas bravo Madame

very nice

Wish the uk police were like that

He was calm and did nothing, at least on video, until police got physical. He did not try to flee or anything. Therefore that chokehold was far too much. Basically choke holds are never ok by police except they have to fight for their lives

Me Cheval c&#39; Est hereux parce I&#39;ll  a fais son travail avec le maitre policier.

That girl.. 

Very funny the horse&#39;s face

For the luv of Jesus, STOP FILMING VERTICALLY!

Bravo police..super bravo polic...

Good Job

Fuck the Police

France needs more Muslims

He wasn&#39;t going to calm down or cooperate until a MALE police officer showed up.

Good Job :p

Finally the man arrived.

really great Job !!! from the top of a horse i have never seen something like this, very cool !!

fabulous

what was his crime?

Even the horses look French, beautiful ;)

Perso je serais déjà parti loin

Good policing. Five star ☆☆☆☆☆

No shooting? Time waisted

초크 지렸

Good job

What did the poor bloke do? He seemed tranquille in the face of police officers. And he didn’t hurt the female police officer. In the USA the police officers are MUCH more authoritative. No messing around.  It’s awesome to see female police officers but I am not sure how well the can stand the physical force against males in the line of duty. That guy was pretty submissive and both the females still hesitated until the male officer arrived.

what if person would be more aggressive , female policemen women  would be with out the teeth&#39;s or the head in the second  ?

Who doesn&#39;t love those friendly muslims eh?

Gotta love it. Choke holds still legal in France.

stop resisting holy islam.

If this was in the U.K. everyone would be against the police and deliberately get in the way of the police with their smartphones. I hate my country :(

Des cowboys à deux balle

Horses are like 2yeah, whatever, another day&quot; xD

the female cop was hot and awesome. she would have gotten interviewed by tv crew, if she patrolled here in japan. she must have skill of judo since she was so confident and it was in france.

French Sandwich.

fuck the police

surtout une police de merde dirigée par des enculés !

flic de merde il a rien fait le mec

la &quot;nana&quot; ne s&#39;est pas dégonflé et a tres bien fait face. ..par contre il faut l intervention du homme et un soupçon de violence pour que l&#39;autre abruti se calme comme par magie --&#39;...mais il a l&#39;air con au possible ! faisait le chaud pour se ridiculiser après mdr

This guy is such a prick.

This proves to me that there are better different jobs for females out there. Bank manager, Ceo, etc. Not in the police force or fire figjyers etc

C est bien beau d avoir des femmes dans la police du coup c est le meme mec qui se tape toutes les arrestations....Il a fait quoi le mec au final????

Encore un Suédois...

10/10Would get arrested by that sexy girl

L&#39;autorité d&#39;une femme policière par rapport a un homme putain dsl mesdames mais la il faut être réaliste

Ca craint la police et trop raciste alors le terrorisme continuera

J&#39;me demande a quoi pense le cheval...

Mdr on dirait mon chat quand je le prend par la peau du coup aha

Municipal police suck ahah

That dapple grey was beautiful

Great work by the female officer here!

he is an arabic guy

What did he do?  I took French in high school and remember none of it...
