I saw that man shoulder behind the old man’s head at the beginning of the video

I don't give a damn
Who's off the dough?
WHO'S FROM THE BABY?
What were you filming?
who's from the dough?
Doc Emmett Brown invented the wheel of time. Moved to an alternate 2015, where the flying machine has not yet been invented.

Along the way, Doc Emet Brown invented the time wheel. Moved to an alternate year 2015, where flying cars had not yet been invented.
A man with a bike stands behind the kaldyr, then turns the steering wheel and drives on. If you watch the entire video, no questions will arise.
Just look over the right shoulder of the old man in the beret who is speaking in the video at <a href="">0:03</a>You can see the other man's shoulder rocking his bicycle. He's behind the first one the whole time, It's just a matter of angle.
Goku in 2014

At <a href="">0:03</a> you can already see the guy on the bike coming up behind the guy, which has a really cool effect when he seems to 'appear out of nowhere' 39;.
JUMPER

sleight of hand, and no deception!
where is teleportation????????????????))))
POTATO

it was Doctor Who

the hammered effect from cartoons lmao

banana banana banana banana banana
Etsi, gia na po kai&#39;go kati se kseni glossa.
youtube.com/watch?v=xu2YE48ztKY&amp;NR=1&amp;feature=fvwp
ya, lol, I understand what he is saying as well!

No

Damn NPCs that spawn out of nowhere.
Potato potato potato
haha once again the Russians fucked these Spaniards in the comments


Really??? Thanks for explanation. I thought it&#39;s real teleportation! lol

beautiful philosophy in your face.
This joke would have been funnier before Google Translate...
Anyone who came here for Não Salvo gives a thumbs up.
I agree with you too!!!
he goes back to the muggle world
I didn't understand a word you said, but I agree!!
not need hd video

Boring cyclist :&gt;
And the fuck did you write that, geek? People like you always ruin the fun.
no saved brought me here!
Silvio Santos from CS.
came from never land!!
and that is Portuguese.
Magia.

Peaceful words, you just changed my day.

This is in English.

tak

I just know the&#39;re magic happening all over the world manz....

cajitokisky jopovick
Whoever is here because of Zé Graça, give me a thumbs up!!! BRAZIL
FUNNY JOHN!!!
...

wakamakf jeffefeqfpe,qqfçm!
I support it, but they are giving us a hard time everywhere
nice sense of humor. Please explain the light in the fridge
Everything that is not normal has to be fake! According to many people. Just like God, how can u belive in something that u can´t see?! I wonder why this has to be. Not saying that this is clip is for real, nor that it´s a fake........... Just sayin´  :-)



Why is fake?

Albert Hoffman

DOCTOR EMMET BROWN O-O
ghosts they exist
If hijacking videos is patriotism for you, I suspect you're from high school.
ty? :D

WHAT A PATRIOT, YOU HAVE LOSED SO MUCH
mhm, sorry sir, but there is a difference between a patriot and an idiot. The gentleman you are addressing is a patriot and you are an idiot. I recommend a Polish dictionary.
back to the future LOL



WTF?????

fuck off
In fact, everything is visible in HD ;)
you're right, at some point you can barely see the guy and then he emerges


he simply invented a ready-made model of a bicycle on a scale of 1 to 1 and took it to the streets out of his head
q merda....

Too much vodka!!
KKKKKKKKKKKKK COROLHO

O QUE A FODA.

Something doesn't add up here
TELETRANSPORTE



Poland... We are taking over
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE?
i like pancakes
Probably Russia
Probably Russia
Probably Russia


What is this?
It's nice to feel refreshed
picture! ?
Ahaha lol awesome
Hmm... isn't this just waiting? Time travel would be awesome...
If u say so
what if he was just standin there before start recording?



yep i&#39;m quite fun at parties.
From begining- Holds to see if it is tv program or shit 

0:05- Realizes its about a stupid band so goes on his way

fake and gay

Shame on you when you didn't understand? :D
No, fuck, are you kidding me? You fucking idiots. This is fake. It’s a trick. It’s a trick. It’s like magic. Don’t be fooled, you idiots. Hahaha.
at 0-03 the edge of the cyclist is visible next to the neck-shoulder of the “speaker”. Apparently, at this moment he sits down on a lisaped
chukam


chukam
task 2 puts


munem

and you are too stupid to understand what sarcasm is
I don't know if you know what sarcasm is
Have you heard of sarcasm?
Fake as shit

hold it right there!! is the dude from the back to the future!!! the doc!



I don't give a damn!
Thinking with portals!!

Russian Harvey Keitel
I guess it was forwarded to me
look behind old guy 0:05 ;)

guy on a bike
HEHE FAJNE.

On behalf of the Republic of Poland, we take over this film
RUSSIAN RESPAWN!

Russia. they doing  everything.



A case where something good was hidden in perspective. It's not fake lol
Any time, bitch

You ruined everything!
yoooooooooooo. so he's pushing back. set ;/
I got it after the 5th time. STRONG ! :ABOUT
OH FUCK THAT CYCLIST XD I think I noticed it after the 10th time
but... who teleported? no hound :D


But what is this about?
What if the Russians really invented something like this and it's not a coincidence?!
Thank you Captain Obvious - faster than the speed of stupid...

Ha ha ! That&#39;s how they sneak to Berlin in 1945 !!!

People! Fuck this video already, but notice that it's a Russian video or from some other country (never mind ;/), and how many FUCKING Poles are in the comments, wtf?!
well JPRDL, you have nothing to do at home ;) haha!
Fuck teleportation, what's with the smeared guy and his accordion? :p
And fucking teleportations in HD :D
Only you are such an idiot.
Russia :D
skont

It's not time travel... it's Russia.
Do you know how I know it's fake? Because the quality is too good ;D
who likes what.
Teleport ? phi probably sucks :)
No teleportation, only time travel! It's Emet Brown!
liar, it's a teleport -.-


The man on the bike, you can't see him riding behind this guy's back, just sort of
he teleported behind him and kept going
Oh man, I burst into tears ;)
FAKE!

Who seems to have disappeared or appeared here?
Who else had to watch it several times to understand what was going on?
It didn't work :D.. For me it's "NO shit sherlock".
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHH ROZJEBALES SYSTEM

Dude, this is Russia...


DON&#39;T SHIT SHERLOK

Man, he didn't bother, he teleported
Welcome to summoner rift

I see that the rubble buying is in full swing.
Apparently you are too stupid to understand the message ;]
You can see it near the head, on the left side. ;)
shit, you can't see anything
It's a lie, you can't teleport, they would talk about it on TV...
HAHHA !!!

Oh... Are you sure? I can&#39;t get over how fast he got &quot;into the frame&quot;, it looks odd that he could have started that fast :/ 

You&#39;re a fake, look at 0:03 you can see him, he was turning around and the guy just covered him.

Okay, but what do you do with it? Does it automatically fill in the background behind where the bicycle? 

This is not fake... it&#39;s just the way the man was positioned and so on, therefore making it look like he appeared out of nowhere.

he disappear at 0:12 once again

No shit, Sherlock!

YOU'VE CONNECTED HERE, I'M TAKING OVER THE VIDEO
HEY russian stole my bike!
hahahaha

Keep pressing 2 and keep your eye over the left shoulder of the old man talkin.

One does not get impressed by anything coming from Russia anymore

He was behind the guy!

Physics.exe encountered an error. Would you like to send a report?

Teleport, brought to you by Russia.

pause-play ;)


No fake, you can see this guy in 0:03

what sorcery is this?



CHEATER

2 seconds in, just behind the guy on the lefts head, near the shoulder, is an artifact showing the original frame.

Nope, it&#39;s just a luck :)

camera go home u are drunk -.-

Random Resp ;)

deathmatch

R U A WIZARD

GREAT SCOTT! 

sony vegas or after effect :)

what kind of sorcery is this :)

This is a very good fake, i wanna learn how to do that :P 

The lack of a dynamo in a bicycle is not Kiev. :)
Co tu robi Jose Maria Bakero?

First of all its obviously fake. Second of all, they didn&#39;t know how many views they were going to get. They were just hoping to make a viral video. Sometimes things don&#39;t go the way you plan. Are you that stupid?

WOAH you&#39;re like, some kind of super genius. I really thought it was time travel, FUCK.

He just rides up at the right angle, if you look closely you can see the cyclist over the man&#39;s left (as you look at it) shoulder. The same happens at the end of the video as he moves behind again. Just a trick of the eye, no faking. 

anyone can tell how this was made ? any proves its fake ? becasue its hmmm strange 

im normally an totally tjhat a fake guy but this is srsly strange who care to make such good fake just to  get 40 k wievs for few months 

hahaha what the fuck
one day,this video will have more views than gangnam style

the third time I understood :/
respawn xD

He traveled back in time.
You never know where you'll end up.
what a joke
Que ???????&#39;

Russia, and everything is clear :&gt;
The old man on the bike came out of the Russian's jacket
Now I believe that the world ends on 12/21/2012 Oo
In the past, uncles used Deloreans to travel through time. Nowadays they use bicycles...


Economic crisis is...
0:03 You can see it.

QUE CHUCHA.

How fast do you need to accelerate the bike for it to work?
That`s doc emmet brown. He had a bike like that and white hair in Back to the future 3.

U can actually see him the whole time... At start and between start and coming out :D tiny corners to see

