Rasya periot 👍 👍 👍 ❤
The video quality is like 1942.
What a filthy people who rejoice as people die.
If ISIS is a gang formation, then it turns out that the DPR and LPR militia are also gang formations. In both the 1st and 2nd cases, people are trying to create their own state.
It would probably hurt to sit on such a plane. Huyarish is on top and no one will get you. You feel like a god)))
Ukraine fought with Russia for 1.5 years 😐
There&#39;s a new Sheriff in town and he isn&#39;t taking any  prisoners.

So-so movie
Beste

Sincere gratitude of the Russian people.... God bless the Russian soldiers.... Thanks to President Vladimir Putin... Citizen of Syria
Thanks Rusia!, You do more instead occident!.

As I understand it, first they showed the forest area with an ordinary camera where the equipment is not visible, then with a thermal imager and there they are, in full view. Then the unexpected guy from above arrived in time. The devils in hell don’t have time to heat the frying pans, the queue of ISIS fighters is growing every hour.
GO RUSSIA GO GO GO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Bravo Russia! Thank YOU!
Russia - The Great!Lots of Love  from Vietnam :X

Pamakhite, hooligans are depriving you of your sight! ))
Life is not boring for ISIS now!
It's always like this! The West feeds, supports all kinds of evil spirits, then when they are already knocking on their house, they don’t know how to get rid of them, and again Russia has to calm down another evil.
Pensions and salaries are pitiful, the country is completely corrupt. But, damn it, look how fucked up it is. I don’t care about social equality in the country. I need greatness and victories.
hochu HD quality...
Completely destroy ISIS.  Thank you Russia !

How much is roofing now in Syria?
<b>Fucked up so fucked up...Youngsters!</b>
it's called who didn't hide, it's not my fault
BBC and CNN: &quot;Yet again Putin has bombed moderate opposition children camping on picnic&quot;

Thks, Omon - and thks 2 uploader !

Fucked Igilu
Ivan meets GI ISIS and blows them to pieces !

Didn’t our people give the ISIS fighters the ODAB-500 series?
even from a thermal imager they showed that tanks also have air conditioners
Go, go, go!

The airstrikes of the Russian Aerospace Forces in Syria caused a violent reaction among the terrorists and their leaders, while at the same time, during the airstrikes of the US-led coalition, “Not a single group made a single peep,” said the Syrian Minister of Information Omran Al-Zoubi. One gets the impression that this, the so-called coalition is in cahoots with terrorists and they have no plans to destroy ISIS. Where is the world heading... V.V. Putin’s decision to help Bashar Assad is absolutely correct. These thugs, raised with the support of the United States and its allies, need to be killed now. The terrorists will only to expand, and the Americans, of course, will not do anything, they did not create chaos in the Middle East for this. It is naive to expect that someone will actually destroy ISIS now... and then it will be too late
The Islamic State should be allowed to exist!But only in the form of human chunks.

EXTERMINATUS!!!
From mother Russia with Love!

I’m still waiting for the pilot to say the traditional YouTube thing in the video: “Like, subscribe, leave your smart comments.” :)
Remuv kebab.
In order to understand what is in such a forest, where there is something, you probably need good reconnaissance. And the thermal imager seems to see what is under the trees..
Thank you Putin !!!!

Well finally somebody is actually taking real actions against this filthy demeaning scum! Germany is with you, dear Russia!

This is how to make fires in a relict forest! Why didn’t you see the sign at the entrance, you freaks??? They put it well on the smoke, it’s beautiful.
Go guys!
the &quot;brave&quot;  isil Rambos now abandoned by uncle Sam n Pasha Erdogan,

What kind of forests are there in Syria...
fuck nazi usa/ nato
The small Christian world of the Middle East is on the verge of complete extinction. Russia's involvement in the war in Syria gives them a chance to survive. I hope Russia will succeed in the fight against this nit called ISIS.
awesome...Go Russia!

Thank you Russiafrom Sweden

<a href="">0:57</a> Beautiful
Glory to Putin! Glory to Russia!
that&#39;ll do russia, that&#39;ll do.

That's who is really fighting terrorism all over the world - Mother Russia! And not the two-faced bastard Obama, who, on the contrary, sponsors this whole thing. Bravo Russian aviation!
In the end they lay down well, according to Feng Shui.
ISIS be a surprise!
Army TV channel "Zvezda" declares the destruction of 30 units of military equipment, including artillery positions. I think there was also a military warehouse there. It really blew up epically. Bravo VKS, so to them, moderate terrorists)))
Allah Babah!
1500th like
I think they're covered? I think I even saw the silhouette of a tank and a truck =D
Forward Russia, motherland, remember the anti-fascist fighters of Khalkhin Gol in 1938, Brest in 1941, Kursk in 1943, the fighters in Chechnya, and South Ossetia...death to fascism...
It’s funny there was smoke rising, the bearded people were grilling kebabs and then they were fried))))
Really the coolest series
It stung!
The most important thing is missing? TU-160 with a full ammunition load of 45,000 kg.
Looking great guys, didn&#39;t even know Syria had forrests like that.

and where the control is in 4 minutes
With a bear's paw and through a wasp's hive. Eh, cudgel, let's whoop.
Now in color! Gorgeous! Episodes every day! More color images please.
This is how American democracy burns. And assholes.
<a href="">0:58</a> - Beauty!!!
The advertising at the beginning of the video is an eyesore. Can I remove it? I don’t take anything from Technosila.
This video is the most amazing 👍🏻
How powerful are the air conditioners in Syria?
it was crazy.
moderate bombs
I don’t envy the Igolovites. I’m here in my chair, a little shy from the explosions, and there’s probably fire in every sense. It seems like there’s never been such a powerful one before
Can anyone tell me what device you're filming from?
Long life to mother Russia!!Regards from Greece!

This is carpet bombing, unfortunately. Now, if smart bombs were aimed at tanks and equipment and the video was streamed as they approached the target.
what does the yellow arrow mean?
There would be more not thermal imaging images, but ordinary ones
Alla, I'm in a bar!
As I understand, the feverish plans of our respected partners urgently put together moderate bandits and Kurds and attack Raqqa under their air cover, to control the territory in the future on their own terms. otherwise all the years of investment in the conflict will go down the drain
&#39;No losses&#39; - Abu Al-Tymchukani
The Russian Defense Ministry is like the Old Testament - blood, bombs and the wrath of God.
It looked like a nuclear explosion.
Show Parashka, otherwise he’ll squeal in all directions that he’s fighting the Russian army with all his might
There are already subtitles and some color. It's amazing how they hammer it.
You can clearly see the bloody dictator's rusty bombs falling on residential areas full of civilians.
Well hit!!!
Idlib? It&#39;s not ISIS. Putin&#39;s dogs help Assad to kill own people.

nice job
Moderate military technology is a moderate pizda.
The seven surviving ISIS members did not like it
the explosion can even increase video fps
game over isis

Well done Russian friends!
If things continue like this, then the time is not far off when the income from the Google affiliate program of the Russian Ministry of Defense will be able to cover the costs of the operation in Syria)))
The video of the bombing is the best attempt of the military registration and enlistment office of all time :) P.s If anything, he served in the fall of 13-14.
Good job Russia.

From the heart...
Boom.
Buy a license for Hell March from Red Alert and put it on top of the video, otherwise it’s not very convenient to include it separately...
I love those among the green trees, the smoke in HD.

Burning!
Vodka vodka vodka motha rassha vodka
at <a href="">0:36</a> the sound subconsciously played in my head))))
it's crazy!
Best comments:)) “Russia is bombing bearded pregnant children!” Democracy is in DANGER! Buryat armored police are already in Syria! I am Russian myself, the daughter of a Syrian officer and an American corporal. Believe me, not everything is so simple here!”
Napred braco Rusi ! Greetings from Serbia !

How many mushrooms were destroyed?
Damn, if there was modern Russian television in the USSR, we would never have left Afghanistan at all, we would have put the squeeze on becoming the 16th republic (((
But this was definitely a special - moderate bomb. It’s like it’s not even FAB, BETAB, KAB... isn’t it ODAB? The explosion is somehow too terrible. 300 meters radius? There is clearly not a soul in these vicinities if they use such weapons.
please guys, some add an English description ! anyway, GREAT job !

Playlist of bombings to Favorites!!!
Cool, can you order a more powerful explosion?
Yes, what&#39;s not to like? Thank you Russia!

The best series in the world, how Russia is not yet at war, but is only holding back its Russophobic arrogance a little.
That's how it bombed!
I can imagine how surprised they were... if they had time
It turned out to be a big drum. All operators on earth were sent to the bar to Allah)
you fry such a kebab and even become depressed))))
Again these stupid comments about the "series"
=GOOD WELL=
pulled well))))
I have always been proud of our homeland... and now there are simply no words.... I just can’t believe that Russia has become a SUPERPOWER!!!
This is what I understand rock and roll, bravo!!!
awesome video!
Parking is strictly prohibited!
beautiful
judging by the explosion in the trucks there were no candy wrappers
Bomb KEBAB-100500
Pensions of pensioners in the village of Vysokovo, Selivanovsky district, Vladimir region, flew to Allah in a year
They are children!!!
<b>They were bombed as always, from vehicles with painted over insignia of the Russian Aerospace Forces</b>?
And the funny thing is - when our stupid liberals like Gozman crow that money is being wasted, then you can simply answer))) we wanted to conduct exercises on a large scale with bombing, but then terrorists turned up - let's learn from them))) ahahahah, what difference does it make whether to bang on cardboard or something? stupid Islamists) it’s not a pity for either)
Explosions are visible, but accumulations of military equipment somehow with great difficulty, more and more accumulations of spots of some kind
We are waiting for the continuation of the series
The Russian army is exterminating innocent mushroom pickers and foresters.
This is the only way to cleanse Syria of the dirt that the Americans spread there...
The Ministry of Defense will probably get money for bombs from advertisements on the channel.
It is necessary to add a piece from “Prisoner of the Caucasus” at the end of each video: “Bambarbia, kergudu!”
who cares to translate in a tl dr version? it seems like they destroyed some tanks? or am i mistaken?

courses on accelerated sending of mujihadins to heaven from the Russian Ministry of Defense. All ISIS and moderate opposition employees are invited
The series "The Big Bang Theory" in Russian ))
The best application of the year, the interface is updated every day. Today yellow arrows and headings have been added!
Shaitanama has arrived &gt;:O
They bombed well, you should give it a like. A bunch more terrorists went to heaven, and everyone is fine
The West should have no reason to worry: it is clearly clear that their moderate rebels were bombed with moderate bombs
Where the fuck!! Sound??
at the end it was so delicious
Well done you brave people and well done President Putin we salute you.

Damn, I'm out of popcorn! (
Love you russia,  love you putin,  thanks

The most beautiful so far)
&quot;Polite pilot&quot; said - "Good morning country.."
LET'S LET'S GO)))
This is a normal charge! It's so covered!
They fired at themselves!
The last seconds delivered...!!!!! Thank you!
don’t wish for bombs, pour in from the entire broad Russian soul
the forester came and dispersed everyone!
The comments are burning, but where are the comments from non-brothers (they defeated the entire army of the Russian Federation)
The jackals are already running away in panic from everywhere, running around like cockroaches on a hot frying pan. It’s not for you to cut the heads of tied up hostages and film it. Receive Heavenly punishment. BURN IN HELL, YOU BASTARDS!
In the trash...
bloggers...here, learn to promote your channel! )))
For such purposes, ofab-250 is just right. in many videos - stupid people hang them up
RUSSIA WILL SAVE THE WORLD

Eh...and ODAB-9000 are still bored in warehouses
I don’t see anything except trees :)) I shouldn’t be a military man :) How do they figure it out there?
THE BEST.
Tymchuk: no losses
I have already begun to get hooked on this series of immoderate TNT generosity...
<a href="">0:56</a> this went well)))
Allah babah
What a beauty. Best episode of the season so far :)
Initial!
wow, here they clearly shied away with something more powerful.
Within a week, the number of subscribers tripled. The Ministry of Defense knows how to promote the channel :-D
No hilo tak babahnulo...
WHEN WILL THERE BE A VIDEO OF THE BOMBERS THEMSELVES? THERE SHOULD BE A BETTER VIDEO THERE
BBC: "Putin bombed a gathering of moderately peaceful Syrian children on a picnic in the forest again."
wow. really fucked up.
"Moderate rebels" moderately bombed.)))
Why did they make such a fuss?
1
