Cheezon ki kami toh aapko bhi nahi he mom.., magar kya aap khush ho ? Is the question

And my is like mere liye tum bche stand lo , against your father.

What a scene !!

at 35, you realise the mum is right. Also, love how Shefali Shah is always on edge...hahah

And my mother says that you should make a career and go ahead, even if you are single, it will not make any difference.
Not at any moment, they looked mother and daughter

Parent always hides and ignores
Marry such girls with robots.
Thanks to Karan Johar (KJ) for introducing &quot;VIBRATOR&quot; thru Kiara, the purpose of living shouldve changed for Indians, then why this race to get settled only once in life?

Last lesson was amazing.

Don't choose the subject as per your wish and don't give it...
My God! What an invalidating and dismissive mother! She tolerates shit from her husband and is preaching her daughter to do the same!! She is literally pushing her daughter into toxicity instead of being the support that she deserves.

To all who relate to women like the character played by PC. She is married and has a kid and doing well for herself and her family. If she can’t follow what she says about women freedom and self dependence why should you then ladies. At least get to her status and then extrapolate her thoughts and context. Women blindly following other women’s thoughts and don’t see if the context of their statements apply to their own lives end up being bitter and more subservient to lesser people. Be careful out their ladies.

I feel this upsect

What a piece of acting from Shefali mam...god bless u mam...

Waiting for Dil dadakhne do 2 
After this movie was released divorce rate in India just sky rocketed. Which is a good thing in a way but bad thing for the society and well being of our children.

Sefali shah&#39;s carecter is like a selfish, opportunistic, always run behind her carecter less spouse and try to act nothing happened, she doesn&#39;t have any self-respect, doesn&#39;t understand own children aspect, their feelings, their needs, how  could she talk to her doughter like &quot;mujhe nehi sunna hai tumhari problem&quot; maa nehi sunegi toh bacha kiske paas jaigi apni baat sunane,. I hate that carecter too much.

End line is must in india

In our country, love and respect in a marriage is the last priority. People are more interested in stability and growth of the family.

I had a mother who was totally against living in a love and respect less marriage which was financially safe and secure for me. I put up with it thinking I will be spoiling my children’s future. Basically I was not confident about my “ self “ which became distorted after marriage. I had the guts to walk out with my two children who were on the cusp of teenage at the time.  I lost ALL friends and all of the husband’s family spewed so much of hate and animosity on me for walking in my marriage. I have done extremely well for myself now and also my children. The best decision I ever made.

&quot;I got married from the mall.&quot; ? Exactly man. Even at the time of seeing the relationship, how much is the boy worth, degree blah blah. What is the mentality like, is there space for women to express their opinion at home or not, will they get peace of mind that no one is concerned.
Bitter but truth

When a mom says&quot;Apne career ko chodo aur ghar per dhyan do&quot; Then its over. You are no more a concern for them. They simply dont care. 

&quot;Mall se shaadi karwa dete meri&quot; has a separate fanbase

Shame on such parents who treats their own children like this. And use them for their benefit

shefali nailed it as a bitch in this scene

Turkish hamam

This family is showing completely opposite of truth.. my mother would never talk to me like this.. she&#39;s so harsh to her daughter. Absolutely wrong!

But sadly even today mothers are saying same to their daughters when they share their problems. They never tell them to be independent but to be dependent on her husband.

Chuthyapa feminist movie 
Why do desi parents feel that there is no hope of being saved i.e. drain..or drain 
I&#39;m so glad my mum (and dad too, but this scene is between a daughter and mom) supported my decision to go for a divorce... Because she said right from the beginning that if you ever feel threatened, come to us...

They all got chance to bath with miss world

I guess the reason of increasing marital rapes, suicide of married women etc,is that there is no one with them to share their sorrows....

I hope heroin log real life me b aesa sochti real me to peso k lie ki h
Shaadi koi race nahi hai jo finish line tak pahunchna zaroori hai.... well said... give importance to things that deserve you to live life with no regret.....

Terrible mother

Has the intellect gone?
I don&#39;t know y but everytime a daughter wants to disclose something after marriage she is just asked to shut up....

What kind of mother is Sharam?
The mothers excuse was so stupid, uk being a single mom is the most difficult task, than adjusting with a husband who has an affair, or is abusive.... From personal experience, single mothers really struggle a lot, but those mothers are actually women with dignity, and women who just adjust for the sake of a so called successful family life, are just cowards who can&#39;t face the world without a man.

They&#39;ll say don&#39;t get in relationships until you&#39;ve reached a good point in career and when they do, they&#39;re married off and then career is not important her family is.

Shefali is a very good actor. Here Shefali overshadow Priyanka by her acting skills.

Thank god my mom is not like that

My uncle like if you doesn&#39;t know cooking Laundry sweeping how u will survive in ur husband house.He never told me earn money if u  doesn&#39;t know cooking u can keep cook, doesn&#39;t know laundry buy washing machine, he never asked me how u will survive in the society if you doesn&#39;t have money .

The mother played a fantastic role, omg. Everyone is against her. Her acting skills are next level.

Such a fantastic actor Shefali Shah... and you realize she is just 10 yrs older than Chopra.

Society is unfair, world is unjust

Kaisi mom hai khudki beti feelings bhi nai samajhte

Damn that narrator tho...so on point man!!!!!So true!!!! It&#39;s like they have an attachment syndrome &amp; then we get it when we become parents...Am I the only one thinking this??

Forshadowing Nick Jonas 
Toxic parents are worse than murderers!!

Last voiceover was a good message

These are women ( shefali shah) who support patriarchy by denting on their own  daughter&#39;s esteem and self worth. A system can&#39;t exist without the support of both the genders.

I hate Neelam Mehra like hell. ... what the hell  man!

tell me the name of the movie


after reading the comments I feel my beloved friends..I have come to the gathering that...first marry me, if you marry a girl then marry a boy because the problem is with male gender...and if you marry a male. .. the sooner you go for divorce... first of all never listen to your mother or father. Why do you know what is happening???? in life??? Only my beloved gave me the old clothes, taught me. (when we started walking like this, our parents did not care) bassssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss spectrum’ After giving birth, every parent has seen so much bad news about their children, isn't it my friend...it's a sad thing..that there are such illegal children who don't know who their mother and father are....good.. .What are you doing better?...I have heard from the parents in the lecture...and I am not angry at the parents. We need your lecture and knowledge brother…
Every guy wants his wife and girlfriend to do job but he just dont find her career to be career .He is selfish and just think about his career .

Chutiya movie's chutiya scene.
Sad but true..... parents shouldn&#39;t always say that work it out ..  if there&#39;s genuine problem and the relationship is not making you happy it&#39;s  better to have divorce Rather then sacrificing and suffering

Desi maa-baap be like - &quot;shaadi mein itna kharcha hua woh sab waste&quot;, &quot;log kya kahenge&quot;, &quot;relatives ko kya jawab denge &quot;? &quot; &quot;Hamare time pe hum logo ne kitna adjust kiya &quot;  . Ranveer singh is right in saying (to his mom) in the film &quot; aapke paas koi aur jagah hi nahi thi jaane ko&quot; . The fact is women in those days used to adjust coz they were not financially independent to take care of themselves and children, if they divorce.

8017016517

Bollywood is so stupid and cringe, that for some reason I agree with the mother than that stupid actress.

In the narration, this is such a stupid thing.. Why is the poet dying in the jungle? Why is the poet not worried? Why is he an animal? The human being has to fight hard to save himself.
What a fabulous scene

Movies like these and other forms of entertainment are the biggest reasons of the increase in failed marriages in Asian households.. A smart, modern-day girl would be brought up well enough by her parents to know how to maintain the balance between work and home. Yes, men should not confine their women in any way, however, women need to value how important it is to run a house and raise kids they way they should be raised.

in our Desi culture, Shaadi is just a business deal. Its no more relationship between humans. Its full of protocols and criteria. Its done and interpreted by just a piece of paper where the most important is annual package. Thats it.

My mom is exactly like her... She thinks the same, like her mother.

Life is not a race until you reach the finish line.
I don&#39;t know why but I cry everytime I watch this , you see there&#39;s a woman disrespecting and degrading another woman . Men are not responsible for our downfall in this country as much as ourselves are. Being a mother she should have heard her , supported and guided her. If there&#39;s even a single mother reading this please be respectful to your daughter and please listen to her when she wants to talk . Don&#39;t blame her , just try to feel how important it is to be happy , married or unmarried or divorced . Life isn&#39;t all about getting married and having kids and forgiving him all the time just because he&#39;s a man and he can buy your daughter stuffs . Materialistic affection isn&#39;t love. Please try to understand this .

Bollywood wale bas ek pehlu ko dikhate hn dusra pehlu bhool jate hnBaseless

The family looks so modern but there&#39;s thinking are so dumb 

Wonderful movie. All actors have put up a good performance.

It&#39;s interesting that ironically it is actually easier to ignore infidelity and go on with life as opposed to disrupting stuff, standing up for the right and fighting legal battles

having a mother like her is a curse!

I don&#39;t understand how she married tht shorty in first place.. And how can u stay in a loveless marriage n be miserable n allow your daughter the same? Well I am a very disrespectful of a person I wouldn&#39;t have been such push over like Priyanka here. I would have had my way anyway w my mouth bcuz IDGAF.. Been nice to parents n ppl around me n it resulted nothing but in being deceived.. So lesson to learn never be too nice n ALWAYS stand up for yourself

After a few days, Jonas will also see the same case.
And see where she is now after divorce..... Priyanka Jonas

This is the problem of our desi parents they never try to understand there kids Seriously yhi sunne ko milta h bht acha ghr h sb kuj unke ghr mai ldka ki job bht achi h kbhi kisi cheez ki kami nhi hone dega like seriously 

what is your last line?
My mom like pc mom in this movie

Why woman is the biggest enemy of another woman ? Why people think bout society more than their own kids or family ?

Awesome Awareness

Is it amir khan voice in background at last??

So true my mom also used to talk me like this. 

It&#39;s not about career, it&#39;s about life.(Note:- I don&#39;t mean career equals to life, by life I mean way of living)

Hate the character. Love the actress . Shefali shah️

This movie is such a great movie.. Sad it is underrated

No mother talks to her daughter like this. Specially when she is talking about divorce.

Very perfect portrayal of how a typical Indian mom behaves. They won&#39;t accept the wrongs and at the same time  also want their daughters to continue their legacy of bearing sufferings all along without breaking free.

My mom is like life mein koyibhi decision lenese pehle always be free and independent which makes u strong to face the consequences and always put ur self respect first than anything else..except family....family mistakes should be healed by everyone in the family only

What a sad excuse of a mother!! You are suppose to listen to them and understand their problems. My mom told me the opposite, she told me that “if your husband misbehaves with you, always remember you have a home to come back to, as long as your parents are alive, you have a home!” I am so blessed, I have taken them for granted but they have always had my back. May Allah give them a long life!!

This movie is so underrated

They actually look like mother &amp; daughter... Wtf Similar facial features..

We are not animals who compare ourselves with animals. He is human...
Very true

In reality ... first get ur career set....become financially independent by being dependent on ur employer for increament and leaves and work like ass ..get some loans so tht u hv aim to pay EMIs...then get some health problems like BP sugar etc then get married 

Bollywood is corrupt. Inse mat sikho kch bhi

i hate her mom in this movie

I m shocked by her mothers talk

She&#39;s just like my mom. And I&#39;m a doctor.

wow what a mom hats off to her

What a lovely dialogue... It is....  Mall se Shadi kra dete Meri... Kbhi kisi cheez ki kami nhi.... Pdti.

I don’t understand why this movie didn’t do well. This is one of the best movies showcasing Indian parenting ..

Yha b aisa hi h... shadi ko 3 year ho gye but still my in lows NVR let my husband to make any decisions &amp; even I can&#39;t make decisions, she always said baccha baccha he is 32 &amp; we just had child , never let my husband take any responsibility sochti hu jb ye log nhi hoge jb responsibly aayegi to husband handle kaise krege bcoz he don&#39;t know anything

If we like the behavior of animals, then we would have to become an animal, then we would also say how beautiful this kid is
Shifali is an amazing actor!! Desi parents r not ready for this...

Before Akal, she got fucked by her bf.
Oh god Desi Maa Baap
Priyanka Chop Ram
Don't let the children take drugs
My case is completely  opposite.

When priyanka said mama see the expressions of Shefali..... Ab kya ho gya..

It&#39;s all destiny really... where we are born, happy or unhappy, married or divorced or single, etc. etc., we are all bound on a path already set by fate.

All this is so sad and true, but I have lived in the West, where youngsters live on their own terms. Trust me, it has its cons. Unfortunately, no lifestyle is perfect. Collectivism is suffocating but gives a sense of security. Individualism on the other hand gives you the freedom to make your decisions even with your lack of experience and wordly wisdom, but when those decisions go wrong, there&#39;s no one to support you.

Very true, abhi bhi mere parents ko meri akal pr doubt hota hai, when I am a mother of child

Last lines were so good

Shifali shah web series
So rich but thinking same typical

Ismailxxx 7893187257
Right thinking

Promotion of divorce , people can never understand leaving relationship is easy but ever thought of next one ? Would that be easy , the answer is don&#39;t know . then better sought problems than to leave relationship

 Same is the case with me too, he tells me that if I get married then what will the society say that I will love a girl who is not married yet, or I will not get good relationships after this age, that is why I am not interested in studying. ...and said that if she had to do a job, she would have liked her people (in-laws) to do it or not... I didn't know that in the study that night. You will get to see such a day after hard work. No one in life wants to be supportive..Maybe that's why people are so great, there must be some supportive person in front of them, like Ronaldo/Kylie Jenner's mom. The real struggle of people starts from spring, but we are like that from home, be it parents or in-laws. Truth be told, I started having suicidal thoughts, but then people would think that as a girl, she too would do such a thing, perhaps she must have done something wrong; or could she not do it in the face of her parents' honor and happiness. A girl is taught to always control herself, talk nicely to people, but never thinks about her happiness and what she wants. Meaning that not all in-laws are bad, but not all are good either. My mother herself suffered so much in her mother's house and her in-laws gave her hell... which my grandmother and uncle gave her so much pain............... ...............Today they can't see anything with one eye. The talent of people like us gets killed, because we survive for others and not for ourselves I feel very bad. How will I survive in the future and how much will I know by walking? Tell me the truth, when I see someone distributing money, I feel very proud that I love someone who can make his dreams come true. Some people who fight for their rights like Heena Khan, Nora Fatehi.. Hat& #39;s of them..Heena loved the film industry and today she loves to go to Cannes festival, Nora loved her dance, but today she loves her dance.But I How to do what to do, I still feel like taking a few steps...after all why has this world become like this. Why are there still few people like this, will this always happen in the name of religion, caste, respect? Actually, it is not the parents' mistake--they are born the way they see the world. Well, everyone keeps saying – Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao, but there are so many cases in which the heart breaks. Why could we not bring a strict law for this? I remember when I asked this question in school, I was told that a lot of work has to be done to bring amendment in this law and it takes a lot of time...think again and again and it is not enough. We have to start doing as little as possible, we will never get results… So that people improve and think about others 1000 times, and everyone remains safe and happy…
Truly blessed are children whose parents support their kids and don&#39;t compel them to curb their happiness n live a forced life to look good in the eyes of society

Absolutely shi dialogues...
And my mom when i said my bf said I&#39;m skinny my mom.says yes that&#39;s true.  But Don&#39;t marry him,  actually leave him,  focus on.your Career, she will never give me the permission to get marry unlit i secure my career.   

shefali shah is a brilliant actor

The fact that they are only 10 years apart and played mother-daughter role is fantastic

Many people say focus on career some say on marrige but we all have karmic account and to fulfill that we can on this planet sometime inspite of knowing oll the plan for next day lockdown happens which we were never aware of ...if you will walk on path of spirituality you will realise there is reason behind everything nobody comes in someone’s life without purpose..you might get best of career but if  you are alone in it  no one to share it’s depressing..balance in life is important but life created by God we must accept success failure equally as given by creator ..all drama S for Society is all about ego big wedding big job titles oll for status and if you ever ask that person is he okay with all the fame and success he will say he feel empty when soul is disconnected from source how one be whole also the way body need food same way soul needs God connection..human try alott but it’s God who is creating everything don’t interfere in his work wt is meant to will come on right time and he will help you if you will stay I. Touch with avid in regular basis

If you&#39;re financially left at the mercy of your husband, you&#39;re no different from a slave. Of course, this is not true in all instances - many working husbands treat their caring homemaker wives with respect and affection, considering them the pillar behind their success. But those who are toxic use their money to control you and blackmail you; they have you at their beck and call, just because they&#39;re the breadwinner. This even happens to husbands, but very rarely so in India due to the rarity of male homemakers. Housewives/husbands, make sure you have your own source of income under all circumstances - whether it&#39;s a job, royalty or property. You should be ready for anything life throws at you and not let anyone own you.

I mean really... my mum always says ki agr hubby job chhodne ko kaha toh hubby ko chhod dena but job nhi

Randi Madrchod,, every land's lover,, then the horse also joined in the land, Ka's land
You people are runing our indian culture

In our society, parents are always right. Very few parents can listen to their children and let them do whatever they want to, and support their decision.

How the heck is Shefali Shah the mom of Priyanka Chopra? She looks like her sister or friend! There&#39;s something seriously wrong with Bollywood movies 

One more mentality is.....daughter should study and build career. Daughter in law should stay at home and cook. No one talks about that

I think both genders have complete rights to live in marriage to step out from marriage...some women’s are tend to be in d marriage no matter what,just for being with husband d women’s alleged their husbands in false cases like dv etc..so all genders should be consider same in our society ...

Very true..especially girls cant live according to themselves always they r judge... Kaun is baat ko sahi samaj te hai

If they don&#39;t want a wife to look over her career and look over only home then why don&#39;t they marry a completely uneducated girl? The answer is that they want to show off in society that their status is so high that they are marrying an equally educated girl like them. But after marriage they don&#39;t want that girl to be equally successful like them because of the fear of inferiority complex.

What a movie. He is not worthy of society.
Best movie 
Priyanka killer attitude

Hell so true

Try drinking water as per your wish, that too is not possible india
<a href=""> watch guys 
Atleast desi maa baap support their children forever......not like western culture where they leave their children like any other animal after some time....be proud of indian culture where we are taught to face the problems and solve it rather than running way..........I am not saying that we should tolerate violence and other things....but we should make efforts to sustain relationships as much as possible.......live like a man ,,,,,,,,,multiple partners to animals ki fitrat hoti hai.....

Whose voice is in the background? Aamir Khan?

That's why children of such humans have no future.
My mom is exactly like the character that shefeli is playing! Marriage ka koi bhi problem to problem hi nehi hain! Baas ignore kar do! 

Sare middle class mother s aise hoti ha .this is mine story.

I have seen both the cases in my family.. One carried on with her inspite of all the negativity and another one came out of it.. Hard to  say, who is right or who is wrong.. Recent film Thappad is the best example..

Background narration kiska he?Voice is awesome

My fav movie 

I cried a lot while watching this movie  it’s the reality of so many people

Shipali chaya is dangerous
Parents' intentions are bad!! in your ego &amp; To ensure that the order is correct, all the necessary steps are taken!! Apne bachoki choice &amp; Because he knew there was someone to prove the decision wrong!!
for india, n specially as children, we r not allowed to leave our abusive parents. no matter how bad dey r !!  &quot;after all dey r ur parents, dey gave u birth, if u hurt ur parents, u wl never b happy in ur life&quot; healthy separation is called hurting n when parents desert deir child mercilessly, it is called &quot;what else d parents can do?? dey have to teach a lesson to deir child, dey also must b feeling sad&quot;

How ... Hum kese ek dusre ki dushman h independent hone k bajaye ap ye bol rahe ho k well seat h kisi chiz ki koi kami nhi hogi... Ye word me bhi roj sunti thak gayi hu yr stop it.

Hmari situation thodi alag h.....

Career impt h
Sometimes I just feel that we really need to teach some of our parents that self love isn&#39;t selfishness, coz if they known that maybe some of them wouldn&#39;t be in marriages for children or anything else, because then they teach their own kids the same thingIt&#39;s just sad to see a mother pushing her daughter in unhappy marriage coz this is happen in real life and eve happening right now in some families

Story of every woman in india....

Mothers and fathers never wish bad things to their children. Experience is also a thing, brother! There is a difference between humans and animals! Share such knowledge!
ku6 women esa smjti heki narcissist husband ke sath rhena hi courageous bat he !! pr actually me unko ditch krna jyada courageous he !! 10 salo ki lambi struggle ko khali dependency hi bolte he !! i hate women who make 3meals for their abusers(husband) &amp; wash their clothes &amp; give them all the comforts to succeed in their careers !! i don&#39;t have sympathy for the women who don&#39;t recognize the abuse !!

Wives, daughters, sisters, and mothers of perverted/liar men should abandon such men!!
the daughters, sisters, mothers &amp; wifes of pervert/liar men should abandon them !!

men, marriage n reproduction r 3 different things, women hav to understand dat if dey want a pregnancy n baby, marriage is not necessary !! n if dey r married, pregnancy n baby r not must have for dem !!

India&#39;s &quot;culture&quot; = &quot;Rape culture&quot;to the frantic apprehension when the girl child doesn&#39;t get married - that you haven&#39;t &quot;handed her over&quot; to a man, to making her wear a ghungat/veil and suppress her, to &quot;chaining&quot; her or making her wear weird ornaments to show she &quot;belongs&quot; to a man, to taking nasty dowry to &quot;take care of her&quot;, to separating her from her family and forcing her to adjust to her partners&#39;, to asking her to change her name to include her husband&#39;s name, to not encouraging her to eat until after the whole family&#39;s is done, to forcing her into a lifetime of drudgery - Tell me, why are you surprised that India is a rape capital of the world? Dear Indians, you can choose the safety of women or your rotting culture. Not both.

stop attending any wedding where &quot;kanyadaan &amp; bidai&quot; rituals are being performed !!there should be a trend in india, that girls/boys leave their parental homes once their age is 18+ !! it is the only solution to end caste system, misogyny &amp; patriarchy !!

Iceland, where 67% of babies are born to parents who are not married.<a href="">

Women are deliberately placed at pity!! 50% of men in India drive a rickshaw, drive a truck, open a tea shop, drive a tempo, become a plumber, electrician, open a grocery shop, run their own family, wife, children, parents. So can't women do all these things??
What is there in the life of Indian boys?? Father has a house, land, just out of nowhere a 24-hour servant will come and start living in the house, give birth to 2 children!! There is only empty ego in the life of boys!!
They could have added subtitles too!

Right

Full film koye deksakte link
Desi mother and father. ..............great
Priyaka looks horrible
I hate arrange Merriges and all frodness

Modern or desi mother or father always understands the lark and adjusts to whatever lark he wants.
Make a career and be happy. Have hope of getting life time happiness from a boy or a girl. That's why everyone is human and will never hurt you.
Looking closely..they do resemble each other :-) Mum and daughter.

Definitely but creating misunderstandings is a bigger crime than race.
I very much agree with this

True

The most sufferable person after divorce are the children. Its easy to get divorce and move on but what about child. Its nightmare for children. You can&#39;t keep them engaging with toys..they need mother father both. I don&#39;t believe cheating should be neglected but things need to sought out because divorce is like walking way from the problem. Its the most easiest way indeed.

Is movie me priyanka talking about divorce and rain in the movie talking about divorce in hindi me ny hota talak to urdu word h
Lund khada hone do

Yes lark who is there at Priyanka's time?
This  really happens with  Every Indian  girl.

This is the true thing here in India, it is the summer mtlb cheese.
People got no right to determine right or wrong for someone Its a woman&#39;s choice

Desi MA father knows what he wants in his life and he is out of everything.
Parents want to marry their educated and independent daughters with a rich man, who earns hefty, doesn&#39;t matter if he earned that position by licking his senior&#39;s dick, whether he&#39;s educated or not and whether he is a wolf dying to fuck all the women of this world.  All that matters is MONEY and LOG KYA KAHENGE. And if you complain the answer you get is &quot;Shadi k baad sab thik ho jata hain&quot;.

Shefali shah.... omg I just love her. She is so damn talented. She really looks like a frustrated wife and mother

Justa branding of western culture.

Desi's mother said this line to her father before she met the sun-eye, "This is the difference between humans and animals."
500% correct. Desi parent manna chahte hi nhi
Ok boomer

i truly agree with her mother no matters how many of u criticise me ....... women are the strength and bond of the family ...... i am not against their career orientation but their responsbility of family shoulf be priority ..... and &quot;divorce&quot; is the very last iption when things get really offensive otherwise relationships have ups and downs divorxe is not the option everytime

Excellent
Basically they want educated women who don’t think for themselves and remain obedient. Like literally they don’t see anything wrong with that logic.

Mall se shadi lol
But no one will talk about that these are two stinking rich people talking.  They are usually self absorbed and only think in terms of &#39;their own happiness&#39; as if it is a constant thing.  Happiness goes up and down.  Always.

The daughter is waiting for her mother to get divorced so that she can live with her mother, but she is not able to see that her mother is Kush, but if her daughter is not Kush, then she can steal her mother and live separately as she wants. But she is speaking ill of her mother, the young child cannot live his life without a mother or father, brother or sister. So she is troubling the mother. Let alone show her how to know. I
This movie is fabulous, it is very good for society, if society gets it.
Is that sharukh khan in that background theory

full movie

Ok boomer
If marriage is not a race then it is not even a game that we played whenever we wanted and it ended...
I&#39;m thankful to my parents who r living in typical conservative area still they said u r free to live the way u wish it&#39;s your life we don&#39;t own it though I had to struggle a lot to change them

Khaskar girls k matter Mai kbi nhi mante 
Can someone translate in english

Shefali Shah overshadowed Priyanka
Ture that.

This is real life of ladies

This movie was so apt

Which movie is this? Is this movie released? Plz btaye

True that

Is that Amir Khan in background narration?

'Desi Maa Baap Maa Nahi Saakte Ki Bachho Aaal Gai Hai' has been sung. So well said 
Gender discrimination should not happen in the world of animals, most of all its use should be ended.
Ranveer Singh shouting in the background : &quot; Yahan asli baat koi karta hi nahi hai &quot; 

Its true almost sbki family esi hi hoti h....
Indeed, Priyanka chopra is a fabulous actress.

And my mom is like.. Focus on ur studies and don&#39;t think about anything else until you pursued everything in ur career

Mall line was best...

Thank god I don&#39;t have a mother like her

I don&#39;t like that mentality of Ayesha&#39;s mother.

This is a true story of every women

Please  fullmovie

Please hrithik Roshan scenes upload please

Amazing movie...️️️️
Nice one

SUPPARB video

YAR AP HAR MOVIES KA TELER HI KIU APLOD CARTE HO HO FUL MOVIES KIU NHI APLOD CARTE HO
I love prainka

I just watched this movie again!

Kutty
they are hunting in pink 
