In word many kids need help you ever help other kid except u own daughter. Dogs cats takecare their kids humen love all kids

Ssssh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Stop it please. Leave them alone.

Old hags interfering in children&#39;s life

Plesse we.have better things than.to.debate.such.things as should aishwarya have another child So.silly

Aishwarya Rai has done her job after getting married, and gave birth to a daughter. In this case everybody should be happy. She is the one that carries the child for 9 months. So if she says that she is happy with one child. The in laws and the other members of the family, should take her word as gospel.

I really hate forcingIf u want convince her but not force

They need actually one more child.

My Dear Star Couple,Congratulations! So thrilled to hear this good news. May your baby be blessed with good health, love and laughter. Thank you so much and Almighty bless and keep you all in his sunshine happiness.

I think having babies must b decided by both of them and not one. Other people should not get involve in their decision be it mother father or in laws.

U please keep quite

That makes no sense. She is 47, is she to give birth my 48? It is difficult for women to even get pregnant after 35. Apparently Aishwarya needed help to have Aaradhya whom she gave birth to quite late at the age of 38. It was a geriatric pregnancy as she was over 35.

So what this also being wife of star u want us to inform u if u rvgood female r wife r daughter in law get another three more that&#39;s Good u r worried about beauty u r good for nothing

MARO GOLI BOLLYWOOD  KOHBOYCOTT BOLLYWOOD MOVIES COMPLETELY JUSTICE FOR SHUSHANT AND  DISHA  AND  MINOR  GIRL

Money is soo important than someone life unsubscribe you...

Aishwarrya Rai hates Bachans actually... She must take divorce and marry salman he will agree

Hum loggg 10/..10 bachy karty hen yeh logg sirff ek py guzaraa woh B larki haaaa.....she is overcaring

I have so much money that I have ten kids.
Bachan family IS LUCKY to have legendry woman God BLESS them all

I think that they wanted another child so Aaradhya could have someone really close to her

Give us proof also

Aishwarya who r a multitalented star we want u in movies specially in a movie like hddcs nd dhoom 2 her figure...

I can believe this rumour alos but i also want Aish to continue  acting. Why should Aish just give birth to another child for bachans sake they invest only interest in abhishekhs career -. -

the man always wants to corner the woman at home. poor selfish people, it is not them who carry.

Aishwarya one cannot always be young. Having children is a blessing. Give some chance for the youngsters. You are adament to act, means you want to flert with the hero&#39;s.

Why is this a lake, this city…let me go and fulfill my dreams, Aishwarya
Why is this people&#39;s business to leave comment? What n age we have reached into, trading our precious time for poking into other people&#39;s lives, instead of reading something worthwhile n get a better head 

It&#39;s Aishwarya&#39;s choice y u ppls r poking Ur nose inside her personal life

how selfish on ashwariyas part. she can always use a surrogate. she is in her 40s now so getting pregnant not so easy.

What is your property to be maintained..and 1 child is right..
I also dont have any siblin

Yeh.. they share their personal matter with you..

It&#39;s true what Aishwarya is saying , but I think she should have given it a second thought to have her daughter get a sibling which will be her company....

Now a days there are other options like having a surrogate mother for the couple&#39;s biological child

I DONT BELIEVE ANY THING YOU SAY.

With 2 children is perfect family.

I think.... Abhishek doesn’t support Aish at all in her career..... Aish never got the support she desreved!She Shouldn’t have married a person like him.

Abhishek is an alcoholic it&#39;s clearly seen from his puffy face

Good luck baby 
What acting? She is not that attractive anymore.

Aisha 
looks wnt help u i  da grave better have many kids since she can afford to raise them well.y rejeacting blessing from God.da only child u hve will leave u oneday en has her own life.lets pple tlk but atleast u get kids who might help u in old.ages.i thunk God.i will never stop.hvng kids since they r blessings

I felt really pitty for aishwarya rai

Who ever is narrating this please check your English and grammer as it is putrid

the aishwarya rai affair it will end in divorce

But what woman can be pregnant is 47 years old, no woman but she can adopt a child no more

ah yes, the one who plays with the fire burns, or the one who sows the wind collects the storm

It shld between husband and wife. But why bring it for d world to know. It&#39;s there personal issue

You guys are talking like they came and discuss their stories with you.

Yes.chote bachchan!

It&#39;s their personal opinion that what they want from their lives.. and if ashwarya do not want to have other child then what&#39;s wrong in this.. it&#39;s here choice and decision whether she wants to have two kids or one..

Wah Bhai Wah!!!!!!.....Aaradhya has been driving this car for the last one year??????????...Don't spread any nonsense....
its Aishwariya's decision
Appearance nahi appearance Hota hay
I think Aishwarya is right.Most of the time Aaradhya get troll by people. She is very possessive about her one and only daughter Aaradhya. I think Aishwarya want to upbringing properly to her daughter Aaradhya.

This is really unexpected because he is himself only it&#39;s comensence they want to boy child

She is aged now abi sheikh is young

Aishwarya is very lukkky to marry with such guy ..he is not alcoholic even smoking nd belonging to high profile family and is alone son of the bachan family

Who cares who said that he loves Aish..you 2. That's why you will decide whether Abi loves Aish or not..Stay in the hudd..ABI SHEIK IS VERY MUCH RESNABLE/RESPONSIBLE AND RESPECTABLE GUY AND LOVING TO AISHWARYA AS AISHWARYA ALSO LOVES HIM TOO MUCH THAT'S Y THEY ARE TOGETHER TILL THEN OK DOGI KAHIKI
If they want a child, they will have one.  Poke your nose everywhere.

These r all natural things why u people&#39;s acting seriously

Thats their Good Decision. Why you ignore??????

What kind of twit puts her figure before kids????

Loves his, not loves her daughter. Very poor English!.

Using wrong pronouns all in the video.

No one has the right to tell you what you want for your body. No one!

Leave them pls....

Did she tell you all these?

A lot of things they say are false, but when it’s comes about a happy married between aish and her husband, I believe what they said it’s true, Aishwarya doesn’t seems happy around him

I have told them that 
Definitely think it’s her decision and nobody can force her to have another baby.

Stop spreading such news... they r super rich ...thy can easily go for surrogacy if they want

Yes .. agian a gossip that is not true  . Funny how the media make story&#39;s like this. 

Its herlife.shweta Should mind her OWN business

Arrey yaar surrogacy karo na....baat khattam
She probably does not have time and energy for a baby, also she is 46 yrs old. It can be a high risk pregnancy. Its her decision..

What nonsense .... She is 46 years old... How can she have a baby now???!!!!! It&#39;s not possible... She must be going through her pre menopausal period...it&#39;s risky and very bad idea to be a mother at 46....

I do not believe she doesn&#39;t want a child

Aishwarya is 46 year old now

Aishwarya ko mentally torcher Kar rahee hai Ye media .. unki family problem hai kyo media peace spoil Kar rahi hai....

Why are you bothering them whether they want 2 Child or 1. Let them live their life.

What is the source

Stop worrying  about  there  personal life.give more important and relevant  news

She is already 45+...i doubt she might be in perimenopausal stage... And give birth now ‍️‍️
She should have taken another child

This is not true..No body really cares what aishwarya  wants to do ..be it her career or baby decision..there&#39;s more life each individual in this family

So what&#39;s the problem. U have  2 more baby&#39;s dear. Not a big deal.

Why do you interfere?it&#39;s their personal family they will do what they want don&#39;t poke your 

It’s normal..abhishek need one more kid...they have much more money...

So what&#39;s the big deal you only have one and she&#39;s big now she needs a brother too

u bich u just spoiling her grace of dignity

U r near 50 u might not  conceive old lady

Well she can&#39;t be a mother again. She&#39;s too selfish to care.No offence but it&#39;s true.

Abey koi kaam dhndha ni h.. Ja k apni family planning kro na
Two kids need to be there .

We want Aish  back in film as like before. It does not matter  to us whether she having one or two or more Kids .. We will still want Aishwarya if she become fatty. After all she is beautiful and talented actress we just want her back..

OMG.. don’t you think having how many kids is a person’s own personal reason and by the way are you able to read a person’s mind to write that she wants only one child. When are you going to learn not to interfere into people’s personal lives...

She had some health issues also by getting pregnant.may be that&#39;s y she is avoiding second child.aradhya was a test tube baby of this couple.

Zindagi doesn't need power to live, it needs money.
You stupid media, each and everyone have problems, why you bloody media high lights the family problems of this family in particular, did they discuss their problems with guys. Don&#39;t fool the Indian public. Bloody rascals 

It&#39;s their personal life.

Its aishwaryas wish she already has given a kid to abhisheks parents that&#39;s good enough if she doesn&#39;t want a kid so be it many families guess  have only one kid anyway my opinion.

Pathetic media

Have some shame before putting out such base less news....And stop interfering in others life....

Rubbish
OMG..  This is so important news that the entire nation was eagerly waiting to know.... 

Stop publishing such rubbish... ur talking As if ash herself came to ur doorstep n told all these

So what happen take another baby nonsense aishwariya

Abhishek   chootiya hahahahahNot a good pair

Aish should agree to have one more baby and learn to take adwises from elders like amitabh bachhan and jaya bachhan

Why do you want to dig into her past ? Just give them peace na.. Live and let live.

It is quite right good decision by Abhishek Bachchan follow and fulfil the family desire.

Ye sb controversy kr rahe hy.. that it..!!! Media bekawA hy..

U bloody must put masala in any topic.

What is so great, if you baby make one. The world is in a dangerous zone of corona, your baby does not make sense at all, feed the hunger

She shows her self as very well bought up and family oriented  so to have a happy family she can always adjust to the family wishes and keep the family happy. This shows she married Abhishekh for the name Bachans. Rani was the right choice for Abhi but bachans broke her heart. Aab bhogtoh. Salamaji shukar hai she didn&#39;t come into ur family. God does things for the good.

Its their life whether to take one baby two or three... Y u ppl n indulging in their life santi se rehne nai dete q...

Nice video keep it up!Hum maan gaye that she doesn’t want second kid so that she can come back to movies.

The evil other daughter duo should leave aish alone!

It s good to have another baby.

Bakwas

All these Bollywood people have done to your house by going to news day, what have you done to our house, are you going to dig your nose or will you crush the world? I am still living crazy stupid stupid woman!!!
Who are those people who are giving such news to the media people? They need to be ashamed to do this.  This is how a happy family gets breaked.

I want to see bachchan  family to react to this video

What is the evidence behind this rumors?

I think chotu is guy.

Abhishek took wrong decision by getting married to ash

Kasrishma is divorced now

Got married with other women divorce her that&#39;s it

Aishwarya Rai can go in for serogasy

Whether aish told to u?????

I totally support decent ash

I think Aish should be the one to decide, not the family members

Age khup zaley aishche.46 age zaley. Ata nastat baby hot.
This is such a nonsense. We will not what is happening in our family,but we will be excited to know what is going on in others family.

This video is senseless and full of shit

Fake news

Who gives birth to any child...this is unique to none...Buddhi Amma must give birth to 2 or 3 children and she must have 1 son...in a few years because it is about to expire.
If they want another grandchild just give them Corona virus

Why don&#39;t u give one baby

Aishwarya Rai is 45 +

Why media is after them having baby? Its good if they get more kids because beauty is not important

Fake news sucks Stop this shit

Fake video bnd kr

How sweet pal

Their should be some strict punishment for spreading false news....u deserve this.

Why the hell do u need to tell ths everytime that she married abhishek after having so n so affairs...just give ur id n then see how people will explore ur history...this is ridiculous. ...n u r telling as if u live in their home.lol

they shoulf have 10kids and we poor family should have only one

That’s up her Not for other’s 

She should have another kid after all she was successful as a heroine...she has to give another kid.....if God will s she will have one more

Is there anything less than you? This world is dying or you people are tempted to interfere in the personal matter of celebrities. There is nothing wrong in earning money but it does not make any difference to the personal life of a celebrity especially at this time.
Nonsense news

Ok now u tell how many you will make ?? If you are so interested in others

It's her choice.... #neha dhupia
Having baby at age of 46 poor abhishake. Get some knowledge for womens fertility

Lol

Eishhhhh......
Making baby is the decision made by the parents and not family. You don&#39;t have to have baby because people said you should, you should know what is good for you and be able to decide for yourself after all non of them will help you take care of the baby. None of them will follow you to the labor room so it is her choice to decide if she want to have a baby or not.

Can&#39;t they adopt a child? Or can&#39;t afford

So she think Bollywood career is more important then having a kids ??

Ash..... too hard to fight.... even both in career n personal

It&#39;s her choice lop

Why you guys always give wrong  information s who talk in front of you

Why don't you say something, what nonsense is this?
Salman Khan my favorite hai

The Banchan family is crazy because of this Salman Khan does not marry.
Take????? From where? Do you have babies or just take them?

Simply they should just adopt ababy boy

And you are their family member, they have told you everything.. if you don&#39;t get true news ..don&#39;t make a false one...it might spread hate..though people are intelligent they know it&#39;s fake and won&#39;t spread hate...

Why should she take bath in this?? bcz she has already girl.but one day she will go to in-laws house.then what will be done to bachchan parivarka??katham??then they should have a boy to carry the name of bachchan parivarka.
Shouldn t it be the decession of a woman and her husband?Making babies iis not a family affair.Even if Abhishek wanred a second child they are married for 13 years now and married at a later age. What was he doing allthis time?

Aish think he life would become an ash,with kids will be a double trouble.shame on her people are happy with four kids also.

Aishwariya should be the one to decide if she wants the second kid or not. If Abhishek wants another kid, adopt maybe lol

Having another child is with her consent, we do not force the woman to have another child if she is not ready, I am sorry, we must not force her, it is her choice, respect her choice, that is my opinion.. 
U media has no sense...that&#39;s their private completely...u people are so much interested in faltoos topics

FAKE!

OMG. Who is watching this video during covind 19... Please like here

If there is a problem of Abishek and Aysh then you don't want to save any money, you are not interested in the sex life of any media person!!!!
Full bakwas news. Here people are dieing please  think how to get rid of that. Flash some good news. I think in this situation nobody is interested such  type of news

what s the special in this silly fellos ......u people are no another work

Aishwarya is best

Stop talking nonsence man.....did they personally told u all zis crapss....if yes i wanna hear frm them

Don't you say anything?...What's the matter?
Lockdown mai land k use karte hai

too much into the people  business,  nonsense stop trying to make news

Now this is what i dont like ,all unemployed in the family and they want one  more  mouth to feed  and only an old man  bearing the burden for the whole family and to add Aishwarya  sure would  lose her beauty after  second child

Surrogate mamy, like Shilpa️
Bakwaz banth karo.. Stop poking nose in other&#39;s personal life.

Its ashs who has to decide.not to please others she would get pregnant.

16th

It looks like smoky their tell u everything about their life.

Aishwarya is not sexually active she is old n every parts of her body is drying up. All juices of her were sucked by Salman  khan n Vivek  oberoi already. Abhishek is stupid for to have fall in love by looks of Aishwarya.

How do you know ? This is all made up please leave them alone

Kaha se milte hay apko ai news? ?? ....most of the news r fake

It is really foolish to give more prominence to her looks and beauty rather than family. She must be thankful to the Bacchan family for giving her recognition and life to her in spite of all her past relations. But instead, she is acting crazy and making the family members suffer from her idiotic decision. It is better for Abhishek to settle with somebody again.

7 comment too late lol
Omggggg 5 commentt

Her life, her body, her decision.. 
Who is bored hit like

Heeeyyyyyyy
1st view and 6th like I literally like your videos

First
