Which would you choose?

I pick. Apple cause it got good quality

In which buds, you guys found better music quality?

I literally dont care

Obviously Airpods. 👍 i ride bikes with these they stick in the ear like magic.

Airpods is still the best

People keep telling me why i got mentos in my ears… it’s the goddamn earbuds

I would choose galaxy buds in my opinion theor better

nice, thank you

I&#39;d agree with almost everything you thought including the different comfort/noticeability, but wouldn&#39;t go for the airpods as much as I feel it makes you look like a dunce 😅

I never cared for the sound of the galaxy buds.  I found them to be very tinny and harsh.  The Apple Airpods are a bit better sounding.

They are hard to find I lost one earbud and then I saw my dog chewing it up so now I only have one earbud and I can&#39;t tell my parents

The Samsung Galaxy Buds are the better choice for me, since I would usually be working out or sleep them in my ear.

Let’s be real, we all bought the AirPods bc they look nicer. And the galaxy buds obviously sound better

The galaxy buds can mute people??!!!

bro which phone is that

I still feel like the airpods are better quality sound.

I have both since I made a switch from Droid to Apple and I use the airpods for a casual outing and around the house and school but I use my Galaxy buds for working out and when I work since I do a lot of moving at my job.

galaxy buds are terrible if you plan on keeping them long term. the right earbud is quieter originally than the left and over time it gets worse, regardless of cleaning or damage. they also start to lose the quick connect feature over time as well.

Have em both. Better the buds..I don’t like listening to music and also everything else in the background like with the pods..

Samsung earbuds plus
I haven&#39;t used the airpods yet, but galaxy airbuds cons complete out weighs the pros!!!It&#39;s touch options sucks compare to soundcore.  The bass not great. But the biggest drawback to galaxy bud is the battery life is really bad and when it&#39;s in its case &quot;charging &quot; and not even in use it is draining and will eventually die. Plus here&#39;s another no go for me. The bluetooth range is horrible, especially compared to the way cheaper soundcore.I don&#39;t recommend it

I perfer the AirPods only because I have them and use them on my iphone. My only complaint is,, they die very quickly. I just bought my airpods in the beginning of March

Samsung forever!
How well does the galaxy puds stay in your ears those who have it ?

Air buds and galaxy Pods

Samsung is better

AirPods Pro is the best headphones

Now im left wondering if i have an ear canal similar to this guy 🤨

I think the AirPods Pro wins over galaxy buds since it’s 2021 now

Looking into getting a new galaxy bud cuz after 2 years I have finally lost both earbuds

Hmmmm I really want to want the galaxy but I always prefer something that is not tight in my earsI guess it depends on each persons ears

I&#39;ve never been an apple user but I&#39;ve  always preferred  Samsung  over Appl eeven when I can afford Apple

Me watching this with wire earphones: 🙁

I got my clones at IPLAYPODS,CO and they are awesome. They have great sound and mic quality. Design is same as apple. Have everything as them. My recommendation.

I just got airpods because they&#39;re just too comfortable, and the sound is pretty good, I&#39;m done with the earbuds that goes all the way in the ear canal

What is your phone?

I dont know if I fucking hate somebody more than I do with your bullshit fucking channel. Dont make your videos come up to me so you make sure you dont get like this comments... YOU WANT TO SPONSER THINGS SO FUCKING WRITE THIS IN THE FUCKING TITLES.....

Note:Using Razer Hammerhead for this vid. However, I’d like to say that Apple is so good at what they do in terms of brainwashing us masses. They know how to make companies that make their own wireless earbuds for their own phone, feel as though they’re using a 3rd party product.  (Follow w/me here)How I explain this? Us Apple users (New Apple user actually) feel like there’s care put into everything but it’s really just the ecosystem that gives this impression. I know iPhone users that use other brand earphones but I think it’s psychological tricks more than anything and FOMO. Exclusivity does help because every other phone is on a universal OS whilst Apple has their own and the idea of that is cool, it doesn’t matter what other companies do if you think about it. No matter how you look at it, Apple wins in the end because they work on a basis of, “Well, this is here as an option but those other products will work with ours anyway, we’re still here when you’re ready,”

Believe it or not but samsung whas the first one to make wireless pods, it was called gear iconX

Galaxy buds better than 1more triple driverIn sound experience

I feel like the galaxy buds block noise better

I rather have the galaxy buds if they can charge on any phone compatible  with wireless chrage. How convenient is that?!

But he has big ears

My galaxy buds are way more comfortable than my airpods for me. My airpods hurt my ears after like 15 minutes

In Samsung
AirPods gang for life
Is there any lag while watching videos when we use airpods with android ?

I don’t have galaxy buds. But I do have AKG Samsung earphones doe

Watching with my fake airpods

I like the galaxy buds because they fit in my ears better

The Galaxy Buds+ are far more convenient with that 11 hours of playtime, seal is the best for me and comfortable for long term use

Do AirPods fit like the headphone that come with the iPhones ??

I sense the biasness

Great review!! Easy to understand and has all the considerations for an average user like me. I listen to mainly videos and podcasts. Music, hardly. So I don&#39;t care much for the extra treble, bass features on the galaxy buds. I also don&#39;t jog or do any really physical activities so I don&#39;t need the extra tight fit either. In fact, while I acknowledge that galaxy buds have many more features that work with my Samsung S20+, I might actually buy the airpods just based on the fit. I really find it uncomfortable to have the rubber seal in my ear. Makes me feel like I&#39;m underwater. And gets annoying after a while. I dunno if this reason alone is worth the extra money though. I might suck it up if galaxy buds are not as uncomfortable as some reviewers make it out to be. Anyone willing to vouch for galaxy buds ? Haha.

Just picked up some Galaxy Puds Pro 🔥

me watching this a year later on galaxy buds that I got for $50

the beans

I cant fit airpods in my ear for some reason thats why i like the galexy buds

Its a bad thing if you dont feel them,because you can lose them and when you go home you realise you lost your air pods

I have the buds plus

The biggest advantage is- galaxy buds are cheaper way cheaper

How do Samsung buds fit in people with small ears?

I got the better earbuds. Bose Quiet comfort. Those beat both of them easily.

Honestly i find airpods uncomfy because airpods are REALLY light i sometime forget they are even in my ears which makes me really sensitive about them falling also u can hear EVERYTHING outside of the air pods my mom who hates songs can hear it even when the vol is at 1

I had airpods and I just lost them so I’m buying new headphones... don’t buy airpods they are just so much trouble

Well i dont like an earphone that hurts when you wear them for a long time.. so i guess im getting the airpods

Your facials are priceless

Prob samsung cause I have a samsung and Samsung has more accessibility, and more features but that is just me.

Galaxy buds of course!

I LOVE APPLE PODS🍎
Galaxy buds plus
The buds i love them

I tink
airpods are better

Apple AirPods all day

I&#39;ve tried galaxy buds and galaxy buds plus and neither pairs well with windows(bad lag and out of sync left and right audio) , I just watched this with airpods 2 and the results were WAY better and I can comfortably put my head on a pillow.

Watch this with my galaxy buds

Airpods rocks
Which sony headphones is he referring to??

Samsung: imma make the price match its quality.Apple: Imma make the price.

airpods are good stop chatting shitte

I lost my galaxy buds and couldn’t find them for months so eventually replaced them with AirPods. Found my galaxy buds again so now I guess I’m stuck with both lmao.

Nice

Watching this video with airpods 2 that i wanted to buy but my parents made a new years gift for me

IPhone users: did that phone just wireless charge?Android users: yeah its called technology IPhone users: don&#39;t belive it... iphone is better

Great video keep up the good work my fams

I dent know this guy is from Canada I am to I am from pei or should I say prince Edward Island 🏝

What is the app called

i have bought airpods 4 months ago because of this guy’s awesome video and idk why i watched it 100 times again.

Im Apple fan, But seriously galaxy buds are much better than airpods who agrees...?😅😂😂

you sold me at ambient sound because i am a female and i love listening to woman but ALSO need to be aware of my surroundings

Hole

Ive been using the galaxy buds for almost 3 years now!! No complaints whatsover ,i am going for the galaxy buds plus now

I have both buh I prefer the earbuds...they sound soo much better

Me over here switching to AirPods since my galaxy buds started getting muffled and random disconnects

I much prefer the SAMSUNG GALAXY EARBUDS, bec0z I have red in so many reviews that It is much better when it comes to design, performance and quality and It is much cheaper but has the same quality as you see in the APPLE AIRPODS...And the Samsung Earbuds has way more glazing color rather than the Airp0ds esp. theyre black ones... Thats beautiful...

I think airpods are better
Absolutely agree with you about feeling, but I will go for earbuds cuz my note10+

💩💩💩Apple sucks
When you talk with your BIG MOUTH, tell us which is Samsung, which one is apple

F****k you man... You DROVE ME CRAZYYYyyyy
I recently bought AirPods for myself as a gift to myself and the sound quality is brilliant and it also fits perfectly into my ears as I thought it would be the opposite. I absolutely love the apple AirPods

Me: uses 5$ skull candy inkd headphones

I have iPhone but got Samsung buds

How can I fix my Ambient sound doe? Mine wont turn on

Say what you want Android is better, Faster, More durable, and battery last longer.But there’s one reason why they never will beat Apple, because it’s iPhone 📱Simple.

I love that he isn&#39;t biased.

Don&#39;t buy the Samsung buds they are faulty I&#39;ve needed to get mine repaired twice now. USLESS

Apple ones do not fit in my ears :(

Samsung wins, im going to buy a pair now

Dental floss vs contact lenses

Shine on you crazy diamond is a great song to test headphones.

I love Samsung but I switched to a Iphone a couple months ago and bought airpods. I gave my dad the Icon x and he said he prefers the sound on those.

Watching this on my Airpods I got from last Christmas

mind blowing tech in a small package

&quot;The fit, the feel, the sound seal.&quot;

People are so ridiculous for wanting specific name brands over quality. I had a pair of New Balances that felt like I was walking on clouds, and a similar style Jordan felt like wooden clogs. There was only a $200 difference in price...

My replicas are from iplaypods,com and they are awesome. I love them because they are same as apple ones.

apple is Best.....

Bc sidha sidha tell me how is it correct
I am watching it before I get it

<a href="">00:26</a> i lost some brain cells

What app do u use on the phone?

Listening to this through my current AirPods, wondering if I should make the switch to galaxy buds

I personally think that it’s better feeling the bud in your ear than losing it after a week and having to spend another 250 dollars.

Why do people always worship apple when from what I seen Samsung always has more features on their devices

Samsung 10/10 Apple 7/10
I just got some AirPods and I&#39;m sticking with em for now

Air pod pro are so Damm comfortable.
wdym u can still isten to music while the other one is charging

Sir which one is the best

has to be great haveing fitting ears for the samsung buds xD

Never made sense to me about how people talk about how airpods would fall out. With the normal wired apple earphones people never complained about them falling out so what&#39;s the difference with airpods? To me wired earphones would fall out more since the wires would put on a little more weight to the earphones because of the wires.

U can bet ur ass I’m using my galaxy buds on an iPad right now

They’re all so pretty 💖

Samsung fan of you

I like galaxy buds more bc I want to feel it if its in my ear or not bc I don&#39;t want to lose it

Choice is easy:iphone owner: get AirpodsSamsung user: get galaxy budsOppo owner: get oppo budsEtc.Get the ones that work perfectly with your device

Ambient sound is one of the key things for me, I think it&#39;s super essential to be able to hear what&#39;s around you

Great review..can you please review the lypertek tevi

Hey man great video again very unbiased review and you did an awesome job comparing the features of the two like ways. I&#39;m considering the buds vs the Raycons what&#39;s your opinion on those?

Price

i use airpods everyday, they sound great my friend uses galaxy pods, i tried them and they sound terrible

I’m watching this with airpods lol

Can everyone stop bullying me for my headphones now?

Hard decision but galaxy had so much more pros that air pods😂😂😂

I always forget my AirPods in my ears lol

The rubber that should keep the galaxy buds in the ear was in his ear the other way 😂

Apple 🍎 team like sike
i got some galaxy bud - $20 for a dime bag

I’m an Apple fan but Samsung is always better which pisses me off. Samsung legit releases there stuff after Apple so the know what they are dealing with and that’s faxx

Get what you use

The thing with airpods is that its just simple. Sure the galaxy buds have more quality and there are the equalizer features. But airpods are just so so simple it makes everyones lives easier.

Galaxy buds&gt;AirpodsGalaxy buds+&lt;Airpods ProGalaxy buds Live&gt;Airpods Pro
Bro airpods are so uncomfortable. Before I had my Samsung buds I used my sisters airpods and they always came out when I moved my hair, they were hard and cold and made my ears hurt. Then I got the Samsung buds and they were so comfortable and the sound quality was just amazing. The only thing I don&#39;t like about them is that the touch pads are so sensible. When I want to put my hands on my ear to hold my head it always passes the music :(

Headphone/buds is like normal Hi-Fi speakers, they start out with the membrane stiff and after some time in use the sound changes a bit. Usually towards better.Bass will then probably be better at lower volume too.

Apple: we are the first with wireless earbudsSome random Chinese: wait a min.. we already did that 10 years ago

I use an iPhone but I honestly prefer the galaxy buds, they work great

Do these work on iPhone

i got my pods at iplaypods,com and they are awesome. i love because they are amazing and quality.

I used the galaxy buds, honestly couldn’t hear the difference between them and dollar store Bluetooth headphones.

+ the buds can be more confortable when wearing a beanie than the airpods, which help for surviving in Siberia

I’ve walked into work with my AirPods on. I forget I have them on.....

Literarily bought a pair of galaxy AirBuds today and they are shit they keep falling out

i’ve just got air pods pro and i highly recommend if u don’t mind the price 100% worth it

i was super excited to try the galaxy buds but they literally sound like $10 skull kandy, came here to find out if it was just me or what

this video was quite therapeutic for me I must say. I am team Samsung but maybe I might purchase the apple air pods because I think they&#39;re be more comfortable for me.

Airpods case looks like dental floss
Just bought the galaxy buds. Used then at work today. So far I like them. Need to mess with the fits little more though. I am paranoid they will fall out. Lol

When I saw AirPods for the first time I thought someone had just the top of earpods in their ears... I thought they were just mentally disabled since they looked proud wearing it I do live under a rock

I just care about sound bruv and as long as it doesn&#39;t hurt idc

I find Samsung to be more comfortable

Getting mine tomorrow! 😊
Dose the galaxy buds works on iPhone?

Apple toxic fans: Airpod is better than everythingSamsung fans: Ok...

For the Quality Imma go for Air pods I love the noise cancellation of it

Did he custom the galaxy buds for his ear with all those pieces?

I&#39;ve been having the s10+ for a while ,my parents got me the galaxy buds for Christmas and I absolutely love them. They have good sound,and feel good. I dropped my left one in water once and it still works perfectly! Also if you lose them they have a find my earbud option which plays a loud beep til you find them, and i love that,i had to use it a couple times lol

I own samsung but got apple but they look so much better when it comes to holding esrbud but sound good too

I have the Samsung galaxy s10e and I use the airpods because to me they sound better

SAMSUNG GALAXY BUDS AND GALAXY S20 ULTRA WOOOOOW CRAZY 🔥🔥🔥🔥💋
do airpods light up a rainbow color when using, bc my classmates airpods does that, or lemme say she fake, she flex🌚

for those who just want to flex i recommend you to buy fake AirPod on online shop🌚

Just want to note that if the Apple AirPods are paired to an IPhone they will do the ambient sound feature as well

Got the galaxy buds even though I have an iPhone. AirPods look stupid to me. Looks like someone ripped the wires off a pair of old headphones and stuck them in their ears.

Dental floss case VS Eye contacts case
I liked the detail of choosing shine on you crazy diamond

Stop the Apple fan boy act and say galaxy buds are better for the music, just because they will fit better and give you more isolation. Why the heck you want to wear a headphones or earphones if you want to always hear the ambient sound. And it is not like Galaxy Buds don&#39;t give you that capability. A lof the times, I am wearing headphones just for noise isolation and so that people don&#39;t talk to me.

When apple users stop being bias. See kids, don&#39;t show partiality. You will find greater things.

And all the things that you said about the galaxy buds have it on the AirPods too

AirPods are better

watching the video while wearing the buds...LOL

It was a hard decision for me to make when i was comparing and reviewing both the apple airpods and samsung earbuds -  i ended up choosing the samsung buds as the quality is equally or even better, you can charge it on your phone and much cheaper than the airpods if your in Australia. Thanks for the video tho.

Just comment as if I said something aggressive and then I will edit it and annoy ppl

On some people the AirPods look a bit huge on their ears and the Samsung looks pretty 🔥

What kind of app is he using for the Samsung earbud??

Now I don’t have the galaxy buds so I can’t say who’s batter but like you know people gon buy the airpods like almost no matter what 🤣

Can&#39;t make my samsung airpods stay put into my ears for my life...so annoying

Aorpods is way easier and comfort but galaxy buds is a little bit better in terms of sound .  But u can&#39;t wear buds more than one hour.

For me I can be doing backflips and the AirPods stay in while any size and ear hook on galaxy buds it falls out

I need a quality. what i choose ? plz help me for this

Samsung tha best

I still don&#39;t know what to get. Can you guys please tell what I should get. Please

Tell me why everyone says galaxy buds but I never see them out in public I only see AirPods

Alright, I&#39;m a Samsung person, phones, tablets, TV&#39;s, my fridge, and the earbuds as well... so... I love Samsung, and the quality of the earbuds are great except the FACT that when I&#39;m on a phone call the other person says they CAN&#39;T hear me, and because of that I cannot believe myself for saying this, I am considering of buying the Airbuds Pro

Samsung
I got the Samsung galaxy earbuds to go with my phone. And hated them just threw them to the side and was thinking about selling them. Until my sony earphones stopped working. So was like guess I&#39;ll try them again sat down really went over and set them and adjusted the rubber pieces. And damn I am glad I didn&#39;t get rid of them. They sound ffin awesome. 💯💯💯

I need one of these

I use Samsung but all my friend use Apple.. I don’t get why 😢

Can u review Aukey Key Series EP-T10 most review state they are better than air pod n Samsung bud

I don't speak English. I know there are people reading the comment who speak Portuguese
Ajoy Roy Samsung note a51
I got an iPhone so I’ll go with apple product

Tzumi ProBuds are in between apple airpods and samsung galaxy buds

Iphone apple airpods😘😘

Apple earpods are just cheap plastic

People saying that they&#39;re watching with Galaxy Buds and Airpods, but alas, I&#39;m sitting here with my $30 Pasonami earbuds.

Galaxy buds to the world!🥳

I bought both and here&#39;s my unbiased opinionThe galaxy bud (bought 120 used) case is easily surface scratchable, it can get dirty inside and charging can be interrupted because of that. The case requires a button push to get open. The rubber on the buds gets gunky easily. The buds are very uncomfortable how deep you have to wear them in your ear. The sound is good and I like yhe ambient mode but the bass isnt the best. The app is cool but i don&#39;t really care about opening an app to do a bunch of things.Air pods (second gen) (i got used for 70) the case is nice and small and easy to open and close and put your buds back in.  They fit my ear very nice and the weight of them is great and theyre very comfortable. They don&#39;t get gunky as easy due to the desgin not having as much rubber. They are just so quick to pull out and pop back in with the flick of a finger. Sound quality is bassy but the highs SLIGHTLY compressed and a little staticy on some songs.  Also the buds look nice to me personally.Overall I liked the airpods better and I&#39;m an android user. Theyre just so much more slick to open and pop in your ears and seem more responsive to your phone. Theyre very comfortable and one more thing I forgot to mention is the calling sounds better too. My girlfriend complained about the call quality on my galaxy buds and they glitched a lot.

Airpods look awful.Just looks like someone chopped off the wires lol.And they&#39;re massive.And the sound quality is terrible.

Result - can&#39;t decide!
A year later I got &#39;em for 70 bucks (:kids do not drink the cool aid .

I&#39;m an Samsung/Android guy but the Samsung buds are HORRIBLE. The most uncomfortable earbuds I&#39;ve ever used, even the slightest facial movements will cause them to become dislodged so actually using them to let&#39;s say......TALK is difficult at times. All the tech is amazing and convenient but as far as using them for the simple things like a bluetooth device....NO. Too uncomfortable to listen to music for any period of time. Can&#39;t wear them to the gym because rigorous movements will dislodge them. The battery life isnt great and the sound is just okay. I&#39;ve got about 5 different buds/bluetooth devices and I only grab the Samsung&#39;s if every one of those is discharged. I literally have a set of earbuds from Walmart that cost me $35 bucks and they outperform the Samsungs.  By far.

I have been using Galaxy Buds for 10 months , its not a good choice if you want them for phone calls.i havent tried apple buds

Great video guys! Can I use them to workout? I sweat a lot working out and the galaxy buds plus are barely rated IPX2. What do you think? Greetings from Spain 🇪🇸

I choose none: I still using wire earphone cause my wallet doesn’t allow me to get earbud.

Battery life?

So the Galaxy buds are better. Good to know

when your an apple user with galaxy buds

Samsung : makes wireless ear buds Every company: ok cool Apple : makes wireless ear buds Oral b dental : pfft why wear air pods when u can cut off the top of our automatic toothbrush

So I have airpods now but I think I’m gonna get the buds because it has many more features, also my dad wants AirPods so that’s great

and I’ll still have airpods, because those Samsung ones look shite

Amazing background music !

Try using a different gasket on the galaxy ones it might help with the feel

one of the few phone reviewers that actually uses andoid. mad respect

It goes from Idek I&#39;m wearing them  -&gt; idek where I lost them lol

by far the Samsung wins

Samsung earbuds are nice but my right ear bud died within a month!!!!! Disappointed

Let’s settle this... ok? You like what you like BOOM I personally think Samsung just tried there best to make a better version. Simple

Galaxy Buds for sure

What is your all time favorite earbuds

When I had AirPods they kept falling off but the Galaxy Buds r perfect fit for me

SAMSUNG ALWAYS WINS!!!, EXCEPT!!!!! FOR THEIR FUCKING EXYNOS CHIP!!!!!
Galaxy buds had so many more features, and they were cheaper.Easy pick.

Haha galaxy is just way betterApple has plastic Galaxy has rubber G is way better and even less price!

Phone call usage is very important to me and you never talk about call quality, do people hear you ok. I use my phone constantly for work

Their both equally as ugly why are people trying to compare that but I’m still going to buy the airpods because they honestly are the same so you might as well just choose which one you want and I want airpods no completion

im using s10+
Easy, just get them both, problem solved

Is the touchpad only on the galaxy buds plus or is it on the normal galaxy buds as well

Samsung: Creates good, underrated phones and everyone hates on it. Also Samsung: Makes better version of airpods and nobody talks about it.Apple: Creates the same phone but just very slightly different design, which people prefer over good phones from Samsung. Also Apple: Makes airpods.Everyone else: Oh mY gOD! THiS iS aMaZinG! So MucH bEtTeR tHaN AnDroID!

Apple came with them first ? Or did samsung?

I would be embarrassed if I owned the Sam sung ones they look like hearing aids lol they ugly

I have a pair called enacfire e18. I am really happy with them, only thing I don’t like is the case, it’s to big

iPods hurt my ear.. But I like the sound

I&#39;ve seen galaxy buds on ebay for 50 bucks

Does the App Store for Apple have the galaxy wearable app?? Because I can’t find it

I think we should all buy Nokia phone speaker

I hate in ears, thats why i choose the airpods  even for jogginf sports whatever and i also habe a samsung mobile. I hate earphones which are going deep in the earcanal, u can hear yourself breathing.

Lol I&#39;m on earphones from Samsung and it good!

Galaxy had the same features that the air pods pros have now

I love the &quot;But they&#39;re uglier&quot; comment I keep seeing... So you&#39;d rather have this lil penis looking like thing on your cheek that an EAR BUD in your ear?! Okay, you win I guess 🙄

But then the airpods pros come out 😃

Yeah airpods just feel great in your ears

My ears start hurting when wearing airpods!:( so I definetely choose galaxy buds.

Sir u should give subtitles. Too on your viedo

Stupid question are the galaxy earbuds compatible with any android phone?

This is a bad thing because they can to fall and u wont even feel it

Thanks brother.  I have the Samsung 10 I&#39;m looking for a perfect pair...

Im an Apple user and want to buy the Samsung buds but the app doesn’t support this years version 😞

Bro, ask for Samsung Galaxy Buds
Me:has galaxy buds and AirPods also me EAR BUDS SRE EAR BUDS

How are the buds sound spectrum and noise canceling compared to the bose qc20 which are my go to headphones

You shouldn’t have to have the volume on the buds and phone in prefer to enjoy the music

Ok first of all airpods are WAAAAAY MORE LOUDER. I CANT HEAR MY FARTS!!!! Galaxy buds. 🤫🤐😴 I can hear a fart.

People like airpod more cause they look cool but samsung one are better

i barely like the buds+ and i like samsung so you know how bad the galaxy buds are compared to the regular airpods

Rubber tipped wireless earbuds 👎

Samsung actually sucks.Apple is expensive but better products.Samsung just good at copying but it still sucks.Samsung is one of the most ugliest phones I’ve ever seen.People say apple sucks and they didn’t even try it.

These things are killing people slowly

Airpods:Toothbrushes Galaxy buds: Mentos Choose your pick
Thank you very much, really help me, we are waiting for your next video, keep healthy and keep uploading

I was watching with my AirPods and damnAll I can see is Galaxy Bud users shading apple 😔

Airpods more like A**pods
Pink floyd music, to know if the either is good or bad. ikr xD

i have both and i gotta say I don&#39;t see myself reaching for earbuds much. Too uncomfortable for me

Dropped my left AirPod in the tub because I forgot I had them on

i don&#39;t see any comments on here about the quality of sound when you&#39;re talking to someone on the phone...i have both...if i&#39;m not talking on the phone and just want to use them for listening (movies, books, etc.) the samsung are by far the best for all reasons mentioned...BUT for talking to someone one the phone, there is no comparison whatsoever, in that the Apple are the best...Almost EVERYTIME i am on the phone with someone with Samsung buds, someone will eventually say &quot;you went out on me for a second&quot; or &quot;i missed some of what you said.&quot;  I NEVER have that happen with Apple...This is disappointing to me because all other features of the Samsung are better, and I&#39;m also a Galaxy user since the Galaxy even came out years ago...

You can do moth of these with airpods and pros

Can I use the Samsung ones on my iPhone?

You placed the buds in a wrong way tho..

Galaxy buds are better than airpods like it

Galaxy buds
AirGalaxyPods 😂

Apple is trash.

I like the Apple air pods because they don’t go all the way in my ear and they feel good . I have sensitive ears and if ear phones go all the way in my ear canal it’s just uncomfortable 😣.  Sorry Samsung.

I use my samsung buds at work. U can easily hide them and they do show. While wearing a hoody lol

Apple: more popular and for flexing.Android: For people who prefer quality and don&#39;t want to show off or get robbed.

Me watching this with my Jabra elite active 65ts

Galaxy buds look way cooler the Airpods

Do you guys keep all the electronics you guys receive? What do you guys do with them?

IM GETTING THE GALAXY BUDS

Earbuds is better and cheaper.Airpods has lot of sensor problems.

He said unlike the AirPods these have interchangeable your Tips well just wait till the pros

Ummm.... my broke ass here using the wires 😁

Nah I&#39;m gonna chill with my pear pods

I’m dumbfounded , I just purchased a pair of galaxy buds. first off they sounds absolutely disgusting , like I bought them at the family dollar. second they never work at the same time, lefts works then right works it’s horrible .

I actually think think the Samsung buds are worse because my cousin has them and they sound very echoing

and galaxy buds are cheaper, and you dont need to buy an extra case for wireless charging... samsung is officially better at 90% of things, we just need a better ecosystem and messaging app, and better audio, but the audio is good enough to listen to for a workout, you just zone out anyway

So you used it for min and gave 7 minutes review on product????? Have some respect for viewers fool !!

I tried both and i chose Samsung

I had AirPods Pro

the air pods hurt my ears

So as a user of both........ mmmmmm airpods take the win. I mean galaxy earbuds just dont cut the cheese. They lack the ability to GET LOUD. I can hear my farts at the loudest setting on galaxy earbuds. Airpods I can&#39;t hear NOTHING. The win airpods.

air pods looks like you&#39;re wearing a toothbrush

If you get airpods 2 for 135 $ yes ?????

i have a ring on my s10 case...crap

Im using galaxy buds
Galaxy buds are alright but definetley needed some work, hopefully the galaxy buds+ are far more improved because the left bud is lower than the right, the right bud is muffled like crazy and its terrible over all

Can you tell me which phone is that you using at this video ?

i tried once airpods and after 15 min of songs it sturted to hurt my ears becouse of cheap plastic😡

samsung buds are made from design of akg headphones that you get with s10

He played Travis Scott🤘
Listening to this on my Galaxy Buds...

I heard alot about the caller voice from the budds isnot clear? Is that true??

they both cool don’t have em but both cool

i have the galaxy buds so i chose them because price.

I’m an apple user, apple watch, iphone xs max, and ipad, but I chose the galaxy buds over airpods. I prefer the shape, the noise cancellation, and they were cheaper. Airpods don’t stay in my ear and I dislike that bar that hangs down the outside of your cheek from your ear. If I was looking for super amazing sound I would have gone for Bose over either. But I was just looking to finally get rid of corded headphones, and for the price $120 wasn’t bad for what I got with the samsung galaxy buds.

Stupid

Can you use the Samsung with a iphone

been an apple user my whole life and i dead ass want a S20 ultra now and galaxy buds to replace my iPhone and air pods. My primary thing holding me back is that people say android is laggy and support isn&#39;t held for as long. I just cant believe the quality that Samsung is producing and the fact that there is literally 99% screen and a tiny dot camera in the front its beautiful. I do love I-message games and face time but realistically idc about face timing people. If someone from Iphone really need to talk to me they could text me or call me. If they realllllyyyyyy wanna see my face and talk get an app that works on both like Skype its not that big of a deal. I dont know im gonna see what Apple can produce in 2020 but if its not in my book better than the S20 Ultra good bye Apple. Anyways id love everyone&#39;s thoughts if you actually read to the end of this enormous paragraph.

Ok everyone here are Samsung fans I love it I haven&#39;t seen apple fans I LOVE SAMSUNG

ShortenedHe prefers galaxy buds for quality, configurations, UI and chargingHe prefers airpods for comfortConclusion: Galaxy buds win

It&#39;s way too obvious that the galaxy buds are better. Even he knows that, that&#39;s why he chose for a subjective conclusion. Is he would&#39;ve been objective, we all know it&#39;s 100% Samsung.

Next gen will have voice recognition and comands

if I got airpids if I&#39;ve lost them I wouldn&#39;t even notice until later

Good simplified opinion and review

i think you should do galaxy buds+ vs the airpods pro

When I first got my airbuds I like it because of the noise-cancelling feature but it gets tricky with in-car conversation. Then I tinker around a bit and it has ambience mode. Always bring it everywhere afterwards

I literally played 2 songs on the apple airpods and it died

Ima stay with speakers taped to my head.

Apple fans and android fans: FightingMe with an IPad and Samsung phone: DEVICES ARE DEVICES

Had both , buds are quality

Could you make a video with the galaxy earbuds+?

Apple Air Pods are louder on Iphones. Air Pods on Android/ Galaxy is low. I&#39;m got the Air Pods and I&#39;m so disappointed, but my Dad&#39;s Airpods on his IPhone is louder

You can find one if misplaced from the app?! Dude I&#39;m sold

AirPods look like wireless headphones Galaxy buds looks like your going deaf .. hearing aids
Dam those galaxy buds r ugly 😨😨😨

Comment= Samsung earpodsLike= Apple airpods

I know I know that the Samsung eirpod has a really great sound

I don&#39;t understand why people choose sides. I am here like should I use airpods to my samsung or should I rock the galaxy buds to my Iphone tomorrow? Like just stfu xD

I have iPhone but I’m definitely gonna get the Samsung earbuds

It dose have hearing on AirPods

Awesome Samsung nice 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏following the footsteps of Sony 🤨🤨
Will select, Not above sony wf-1000xm3

In other words the galaxy buds are better all around

Who else can&#39;t afford any earphone😂😂

Who else can&#39;t afford any earphone😂😂

Buds are better and look way better in ur ear and stay in people who chose air pods are just in the ecosystem

Buds are better and they look better

Pink Floyd🤘🤘
I&#39;ve made up my mind. I&#39;m getting buds for college. Thanks for the review 💙😊

How do you connect your airpods to you Samsung

Any others besides these with better sound?

If u wanna be rich get aurpods

Buds is better

It&#39;s like he knows samsung buds did better but he still has hope in airpods lmao

Unbox Therapy and Linus Tech Tips are the only tech youtubers that aren&#39;t obsesed Apple users that don&#39;t just say, without seeing how they perform, that the Air Pods are better than the Galaxy Buds

I have samsung buds 2019 a d i lost the left one ,can i buy left bud and program them together ??

SGB &gt; AP

Remove the fin and it will be really conformable.

The only thing that I like about the air pods is that they are way more comfortable to wear then the galxy buds, the galaxy buds start hurting my ears after wearing them for an hour

Dude, you do an amazing job at describing and explaining each pair of headphones. I&#39;m definitely subscribing.

I have the buds &amp; wish they were louder.

So Samsung is better but Apple is more about flexing.

So basically galaxy buds rape the fuck outta air pods.

&quot;The fit, the feel and the sound seal&quot; - Unbox Therapy 2019

Great video!! If you had to choose 1 ear bud with loud amazing sound and great bass, which one would you choose? Thanks for all tour great videos!!

I bought AirPods to be with the trend (had my money and compromised with my mom don’t judge I have a lot of grandmas) and I use them a lot b I will get so mad if “galaxy buds” <b>TAKE OVER</b>

Dude, if it&#39;s tight, use one smaller plastic thingys on the buds. Like....bruh.

I just bought the galaxy buds and what a great pair of little earbuds they are great and I&#39;m glad I didn&#39;t go with the overpriced crap from apple.

Who is Russian? Translate briefly, at least the best, and I’ll like the whole video and subscribe 😭
Airpods - expensiveBuds - cheap but awesomeAirpods - convenience Buds - a lil bit harderAirpods - flexBuds - no flex

Idk I’m torn I switch from AirPods to galaxy bud every hour

Anyone got AirPods who want galaxy buds text me

Airpods 2 with the wireless charging case

This is like comparing apples and oranges.

I think we all now the best air pod<b>The tide pod</b>

The galaxy buds are my pick.

Good taste

Is the samsung earbuds compatible with iphone?

So.... galaxy buds have.. Noise cancellation?

You&#39;ve got more fit options😥
You don&#39;t notice it&#39;s there. You don&#39;t notice it went down the toilet you just flushed.

Galaxy Buds

My Brain at 2 AM; Is sucking your own dick gay or self love???Me; <a href="">4:17</a>

wow..Joss

Samsung buds if course
I like 50%  aitpods 50% samsung galaxy buds
They are both great,but i like galaxy buds more

samung - quality, apple - just pay for shit like gucci... BOTH are good but just look at the price...

For the best sound: Sennheiser tws momentumFor best anc:either Sony wf1000xm or airpods pro Best sport ones: Jabra 75t

I bought the Galaxy Buds

FitFeelSound seal

On Both of them, Sound quality is very poor. The bass is flat, no deep listening! I just bought one pair, but I am going to return it right away. People who likes the sounds quality of this product doesn&#39;t has for sure ideia what a good sound quality is. We are paying $130 for a earbuds that sounds like $14. Other wise I found everything fine. But I repeat, THE SOUND QUALITY IS VERY POOR!

Already bought Samsung buds, they smell great
Just received my earbuds Yesterday. I had seen many comparison reviews and was delighted that the Samsungs always came in first. Opened them up, charged them completely, then paired them with my Samsung TV flawlessly and EXTREMELY easily. Then listened to movie and was severely disappointed that there was virtually NO BASS, volume on the TV (through BT) had to be turned waaaay up so they could be heard (yes, proper fit and silicon ends well shoved into my ears, etc.). Tried them on my iPhone - again, paired without problem - but the sound was horrible; no bass. Tried them on my computer and used it&#39;s graphic equalizer to crank up the bass - still no joy.I have a set of bluetooth water resistant buds with over the ear hooks and a cable that connects the two through the inline control/microphone. Those do not shove into my ears (which ended up hurting when testing the earbuds) and they have excellent sound production but only about 2 hours of listening time - the kicker is that the ones I have cost about $14 whereas the Samsungs were over $100. Sorry Samsung (and Apple) - looks like I can stick with the cheap ones that have the two buds wired to each other and have better sound, greater ear comfort and 10% of the cost. Oh, I suppose I&#39;ll lose style points... Maybe I&#39;ll just paint mine white and people won&#39;t know they&#39;re not the name brand versions...

Samsung is that funny guy in the classroom who no one listens to, then Apple take Samsungs joke and everyone laughs at that instead.

Just picked up the Buds with my Note10+...love em and look better to me 😁

Kinda funny, he said that the airpods were the &quot;not being able to feel them&quot; setup, as I&#39;m nearly falling asleep with galaxy buds, not being able to fell them at all

im android my entire fam is ios.... i just dont get it ... i can show them my phone does more... and i hear them say hey my phone wont let me do that etc... they all brain washed by apple...... my gf main arguement is well do you have face time? ...............im like no i dont need to because every social media platform has its own video chat anyway AND IF I WANTED VIDEO CHAT I COULD DOWNLOAD ONE OF SEVERAL APPS..... then she said ya but iphone can message on wifi .. me: ya so can android with any app .. android just dont have the app pre loaded....  THEY ARE SO BLIND TO THE TRUTH

If you have a Samsung get galaxy buds or people will roast uIf you have apple get AirPods or people will roast u

My galaxy buds , while i calling with someone he tell me i listen annoying sound how i fix this problem ?

Thinking of getting them 🤔

Answer:Galaxy buds are better quality but not as comfy as the AirPods since the Galaxy Buds are more secure.if you already have a very good pair of headphones\earphones go with apple but if you have no other very good headphones\earphones, go with apple.

<a href="">4:40</a> respect for Pink Floyd

If i put the volume all the way up imma become deaf

Jbl or apple ka review plz

Jbl or apple ka review plz

Bro you didn&#39;t help me at all ....seems like you don&#39;t want to piss off Apple. love your reviews i got a few things off your videos. but this one seems it bit like you don&#39;t want to choose.

<a href="">5:44</a> didn&#39;t realize we were dealing with a rapper

<a href="">4:16</a> Michael Scott
Are air pods pro not just the best???

If my original buds that came with my galaxy s10e don&#39;t fit in my ears does that mean the galaxy buds won&#39;t fit?

Lew looks like a Buddhist monk in airpods..!

I have the s10+ with that exact color

The Galaxy buds ain&#39;t loud all, I don&#39;t want pure audio quality I want some VOLUME!!

What about fake airpods? They are great

He forgot to mention a few things but a big one for me (besides everything else) that makes galaxy buds better is that galaxy buds are also ipx2 certified which means they are water and sweat resistant. Air pods are NOT.Tight fit + ipx2 means they will be a good choice for working out. Which means a lot for fitness users.

Well how I see it if you have an iPhone get the AirPods. If you have a samsung get the galaxy buds 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️

I&#39;m going for Galaxy Buds. Samsung is quality, Apple is flex.

If you want to call somebody switch off Bluetooth remove galaxy buds from ear and speak directly with phone... Samsung galaxy buds don&#39;t know there is one mic in it.

The Buds are much better

Lost my razor pods got a s10+ gonna get the buds nruh

<a href="">4:17</a> when she tells you she&#39;s heading to work but see her snaps at the club

I chose the galaxy buds but I&#39;m finding some discomfort with long term use as I have a tragus piercing, I don&#39;t notice this discomfort using the wired akg earphones that came with my s10. I&#39;m now looking for a wireless option with a similar profile to the akgs

can i have one of your airpods? hope u noticed this comment 🤩

Yeah but it’s Android

Try kitsound Metro headphones using them rn to watch your video

Galaxy ,, cuz it has ambient sound control cuz without it I could be hit by a car or riding bicycle it is a must option

If you change the wing tips to the one with no wing, you feel them less!

Airpods look like my oral b toothbrush
Galaxy buds are west of money They don’t provide sound like apple airpod

The apple airpods are too over rated bc its apple

Why do Airpods Fall out? So that you lose them and pay 70 dollars for one again.

what if i want samsung but they gift me airpods :(

Galaxy buds
Simple answer: there both good

I bet Samsung and apple fanboys are coming to the comments just to argue like there both good I honestly like the design of some samsung phones but I like apple because of how good it looks and the performance

Apple Air pods PRO:like.  Galaxy Buds:comment
So rich you don’t know what you’re wearing.

I am listening to it with galaxy buds

I prefer the galaxy buds to the air pods. Galaxy buds is more decent, but air pods look like u are having a pair of cut ear phones in your ears.

Imagine someone working for iPhone uses a Samsung phone🤣🤣

WHERE MY AIRPODS GANG AT?

I keep my discreet Samsung buds in dynamic mode at work and couldn&#39;t be happier.

Who made Airbuds first? Samsung or Apple?

nah the casio fx 785 calculater earbuds  are obviously he best

How about we switch it up AirPods: likeS Buds: comment

BREDSTIK

Me watches this with AirPods in

I already got AirPods but they on a leash

Is it possible to get the galaxy earbuds app on a samsung Galaxy A10e

I choose neither I walk around with a live band

Are You still a broke boy if You own a galaxy buds?

Lmao u pay less for wires... 😂

I have airpods, my brother has galaxy buds and they are Wayyy better. I have to commit

I&#39;m actually using the Galaxy bud right now

How he says Samsung. Samsong.

GalaxyPods: LikeAirPods: Fuck off

Most of the settings on the galaxy buds are on AirPods, you just have to go in the settings app

Wow....I&#39;m so so soooo glad I didnt buy either, if you&#39;re still in the market for decent enough wireless earbuds do what I did and get the jbl 120s which is like $79 and it sounds fantastic better then my uncles Samsung wireless earbuds

So basically, Apple can go screw off!  Great!  That is all I needed to know!

This dude is a whole Samsung fan he didn’t even really give AirPods a chance

Everyone who said those buds are better than AirPods you dumb you dumb as shit

For me they&#39;re both bad, the Samsung Earbuds are comfy n&#39; stuff but they constantly fall out the case when falling, not to mention it constantly slips out your pocket, (I own a samsung) if Im not mistaken they&#39;re exclusive to Samsung phones, Airpods hurt my ears and aren&#39;t adjustable they&#39;re uncostumizable on android but I mean they are made for their OS so that&#39;s understandable, the case is small and slippery, and thats why I prefer Bose Sportswear

Most times I double or triple click my bluetooth headset or headphones dials 911.  I&#39;m always having to explain to operator that it was a mistake.  is anyone else has this issue?

I want samsung!!!!!!!

Airpods better
i was watching this video wearing the galaxy buds

<a href="">5:04</a> Is the musical refrence of josuke&#39;s stand crazy diamond

Everyone prefer galaxy buds but can&#39;t choose between them cause you can flex with airpods

unbox be like you can have one earbud charging and one playing for the samsungairpod users wow ours can do that to suprise suprise

Hey hey use the AirPods pro STOOPID

What&#39;s the song in the background? When he listens to them

Well I have Samsung so I went for the buds

Maximum volume?? U tryna kill yer own  ears? U deaf now??

ngl, i got my first airpods a few months ago and I kinda regret it now. should have gotten galaxy buds, they were the same price :(

I&#39;ve putting buds right now
The galaxy buds probably sound and work better, but the AirPods have a better and more iconic look, even if they look like shrek ears

Song at <a href="">4:17</a> ? ? ? ?

Apple sucks Samsung is a glory

i hate how airpods have such little configurable options

Galaxy buds
galaxy earbuds doesn&#39;t work if you put your phone in your pant&#39;s front pocket. It&#39;s shit.

I have a note 10+ and a note 9 for work. Am I  able to pair one bud for one phone and the other bud for the other phone?

Linus said air puds lew says earpuds

Earpieces suck they feel so uncomfortable AirPods rule thumbs up for airpods

I actually have both. The Galaxy buds really hurt my ears and give me headaches.

I’m on IOS and I love the Samsung buds

Agreed. Buds do hurt your ear sometimes. But considering safety and sound base. I still go for galaxy buds

I am watching with AirPods

Xiaomi buds
Samsung is underrated

Buy skull candy literally the best for wireless and sound quality

For my birthday I got a phone and Christmas I got airpods

Well no I can&#39;t pick one, because I use galaxy S10 and loves everything about Galaxy Buds but Airpods feels better when you wear it which I really like...*Edit: I decided to get a wired one instead of wireless ones. I&#39;m tired of suffering from making choices

i think you are wearing the Galaxy buds are wrong. once you put them in your ear, you can rotate them forwards and that ear lock thing will slide right behind a part of the ear. this prevents them from being knocked out if being hit. however, if your ears are on the smaller side, they will hurt after an hour or two of wearing them like this, which is a simple fix, as you can just rotate them backwards and wear them normally. also, you can change the configuration of the bud so that their is no ear lock. anyway, i feel the quality, customization, anfeel of the buds are a lot better.

Galaxy buds
I don&#39;t regret my so expensive Galaxy Buds, they&#39;re worth it

Galaxy ear nuds smell a little bit wierd

I probably prefer the galaxy buds as I have a samsung phone.... but a friend gifted me airpods.... I won&#39;t be able to use the full capability of the airpods just because my phone isn&#39;t an apple one.... but it is the thoughts that count

For Me Airpods Is Better Because Airpods Is Very Easy To Chargesorry If You Don’t Agree With me

I don’t any ear buds I listen to music in public out loud

Android buds are for people who lack on standards but the real people here get AirPods cuz there rich asf

What&#39;s the app called?

Just got the Samsung plugs. Sound is terrible! It sounds like the sound is comming out of a tin can. No bass or any warmth in the sound.Don&#39;t know if the apple plugs sound any better but i have the cheap wired apple headplugs and the sound is much much better. Even my 20 year old Sony Ericsson wired plugs sound better than the recent Samsung plugs, wired or not... I love all my samsung stuff like my phones, galaxy watch, galaxy tablet etc, but the audio stuff they create is pure shit!💩💩💩

I have a samsung but i use airpods

AirPods are trash the galaxy buds are good

I think ill stick to my 20$ Sports buds that do perfect for me

do airpods vs airdots vs samsung buds

Well akg makes galaxy buds so they are better🤷

what app is that ?

Galaxy buds are ugly as fuck

&quot;my majority of fans are iphone ussers so i need to keep them here &quot;

you need to use Dolby atoms! it makes a big difference!!

I love Galaxy buds more
Listening this on my Samsung Earbuds......Lovely.....😘😘❤❤

I dont think people are asking which one they should get, if they have iphone they get airpod, if they have samsung they get galaxy bud. Thanks for the video tho

Who is watching this with galaxy pods on?

AirPods my dude
I fully agree, I am a die hard Samsung fan, but for every day use I want something that sounds good but doesn&#39;t give me ear fatigue after an hour.

Airpods are better and they even have live listen to let you listen to sound around you 😮

<a href="">0:51</a>-<a href="">1:13</a> literally almost everything AirPods do😂 there isn’t an advantage over them😂 I know this is video was a while ago but cmon you can’t say there’s an advantage when there really isn’t 😂

As an airpod user you must feel dumb knowing with an extra $100 you could have bought a brand new Nintendo switch 😭😂

Did he literally just forget he mentioned himself they come with different ear tips there is literally 14 different ways to get the perfect fit with Galaxy buds

Galaxy buds are easier to wear,and i use samsung,i own a samsung bud and it wins as its very useful

Air Pods are Over rated

Airpod is fugly as hell

Samsung makes all right

I have the Apple airpods but they look dumber lol

Can you get me 50 subscribers
You don’t want to be caught with those

Galaxy buds has so much more specsUnbox theory: i like airpods because i cant feel it  up in me ear cannal

Apple: We made wireless ear budsSamsung: <b>Does same thing but better</b>Apple, months later: So we made new air pods that are uglier and do the same thing as the Galaxy Buds.

could you do a review on the jbl Tune 120 TWS and the jbl Reflect Flow ?????

Samsung Buds have more umph, more configurablity, wireless charge on the phone, better sound isolation, are cheaper.Lewis: &quot;That is a hard pick&quot;Really? Pander to Apple fanboys much mate?

I got both and use them both regularly. honestly, the galaxy buds are better. if I&#39;m working, I can turn on ambient sound, and if I&#39;m sleeping, I can use the sound seal to my advantage to cancel the noise.

Hello unbox therapy, question: Will the Samsung air buds pair with my galaxy note 5?

Lmao wired earphones gang, too broke for either.
Galaxy buds reign supreme over airpods. Airpods are just a &#39;flex&#39;.

I recently returned my Galaxy buds after having them for two weeks. They are very comfortable without the ear tips, and sound great. I returned them because the left bud would stop working from time to time, and I couldn’t use the Galaxy gear app with my phone. So I figured it would be better to stick with something that was made for iPhone. Now my original AirPods sounds good, but I was afraid they would hurt my ears and I was right!!🙄🙄 they are very very uncomfortable!!! So I just might get the AirPods pro.

Did Nike pay u to wear nike hat ?

There is live listen

I like wired earphone.Because I know I will not be able to find this tiny thing 1 week later. Also it saves money

Just got me a pair and I love them

I got galaxy airpods are for flexing people

If you can&#39;t feel the airpods in your ear it is a bad thing because it can easily get stolen

I watched this with galaxy buds in ✌🏼

he&#39;s wearing the buds wrong

People who listend with galaxy buds  I I I V

I&#39;ma make it simpleFlex: AppleQuality: Samsung

Laughs in Sony hellspawn

My airpods fell down once and broke I choose samsung galaxy buds

I guess I&#39;m in the 1% of people who can&#39;t stand the in-ear canal design many companies make these days.. Guess I&#39;ll go with apple this time around lol

Galaxy buds
I would choose Samsung buds because if you don’t feel it you won’t get to know if it fell

I dont care how much better the galaxy is over the airpods. They can have rockets and can make you fly. At the end of the day my man im choosing the airpods

Apple? Hahaha! Samsung? Pshhhh! I got me some SOULJAPODS

Airpods look so STUUUUUUUUUUuuuupiddddd though.

Listening with galaxy buds

Buds any day

u can keep one in the case and have one out u just have to unpause it

I own an Iphone 8+, if I were to give the buds to a friend and he made all the configurations on his samsung would the changes be there when I use them?

Lmao samsung galaxy buds frfr be lookin like ITE Hearing aid HAHAHA why that gay ass style tho.

People that say &quot;Galaxy Buds&quot; are better are just salty that they didn’t buy AirPods. Dumbasses

Listen through my galaxy buds. So much better

I like Black pods, those are the best

I just got the galaxy buds I&#39;m not even mad

1more true wireless vs jbl tune 120tws

I&#39;m watching this with galaxy buds in and have a Samsung s10

I have Galaxy Buds . They&#39;re Awesome!

who watching with galaxy buds they got for Christmas?

Samsung products still rules :^

Do u know why i cant listen to YouTube through galaxy buds

Tic tac box vs enlarged pill

I like My LG tone head sets for music quality , for call quality they are all not the best. Though these Galaxy buds are a nice Xmas gift :)

Try Nokia Earbuds

the ear hook thing is called&quot;wing tips&quot;.hehe

i had both airpods and earbuds galaxy buds they both sound the same they both fall out ur ears no one is better then each other so if u see someone rocking galaxy buds or airpods leave em alone hell of u in depth and dont know how to manage ur money we all want expensive shit but dont realise people actually work just cause u got airpods dont meant no one cant

How’s the bass in these???

I can’t find the Galaxy buds app! Can someone please help me?

The only problem I have with the buds is that when I move my ears they become loose and i have to constantly adjust them to messsge sure they don&#39;t fall out.

How many did the Samsung costs? Because I want to buy them.And you are the best 👍

Watching this with my galaxy buds.They&#39;re pretty good and really fit in my ear, nice sound quality.I can shake my head and it stay there.Pretty good and very comfortable for me.

I had some but I never opened it I gave them away because I had a iPhone, you&#39;re loosing alot when you don&#39;t have the app downloaded IMO.

Galaxy ambient mode is quite shitty. You cant here shit. When music is 100% volume you cant hear shit. Unless there is a hidden setting.

The ambient feature is useful, I just wish it faded the sound out into the ambient feature... I think if you need to hear outside you shouldn&#39;t need to still hear music ect.. I use them in the kitchen, two clicks and I can hear everything and it&#39;s nice but a fade into the surrounding would be nice..

I agree with you on everything but in my opinion I like the buds better, they fit in my ear better, lower price, and the airpods hurt my ears if I keep them on most of the time

Apple headphones have always hurt my ears after awhile and I hate that they never bothered changing the design

Can you review the bt21 wireless earbuds plz 🥺

Sony noise cancelling: bitch hold my beer

Can you see the battery life of the airpods on samsung

I think overall the galaxy buds are the better. They sound slightly better. They , in my opinion look better. They&#39;re more practical and fit better. Airpods are more likely to fall out of the two. However in fairness both are pretty decent in their price range. So you won&#39;t be disappointed which ever you chose. However for real audiophiles, you need to look elsewhere. There&#39;s way way way better out there. But you pay for the better sound. Then there&#39;s the echo buds which are also worth a look.

<b>LIKE BELOW... FOR SAMSUNG GALAXY EARBUDS</b>

I turned in the airpods for a pair of Samsung ear buds. Better fitting, sound quality, and all that it features.

Unlike air pods they have cusionsAirpods pro: Let me introduce myself

If you care more about &quot;looking cool&quot; than having quality ear buds. Get the air pods

Samsung I would say has better sound quality and more customization

Bruh the airpods are smaller

hahahah you noob i have wireless charging airpods you fucking poor piece of shit

Try realme true wireless
You can use use one AirPod at a time as well

Be honest, galaxy buds are fkn ugly

They are the best

Samsung buds
Samsung: look what i madePeople:Apple: i made the same thing but it costs more People: take my money

What about airpod strap? Heard about them? Try to search it.

Buds were around before pods

Comment section when Samsung does it better: woW Samsung iS Sooo mUcH better! ApPLE sUckS!Comment section when Samsung does it better: lol yall such apple sheep!

Ngl the yellow ones are gonna make apple lovers say &quot;aTlEaSt AiR pOdS DoNt lOok LiKe EaR wAx!!!&quot;

People just choose apple to fit in with everyone else and most of them think they&#39;re the only good phones on the market that&#39;s why apple has more sales. They target mainly the teens because every teen wants to fit in and have the best phone 😂 so that&#39;s why people choose apple a lot. I&#39;m always Android no matter what♥️

Watching on a iPhone listening with galaxy ear buds.

ARE YOU AN APPLE GUY OR AN SAMSUNG

i wore my friends airpods once and they honestly hurt my ear ._.

<b>EAR TAMPON</b>

Samsung Buds are obviously better.  Besides, I don&#39;t have balls to walk around with a ear tampon lol

Yeah, but with AirPods you look cooler and Samsung no offence to the Samsung users.. but kinda look lamr

wait my airpods work if im just using one, and i can see the charge of the individual pods plus the case

&quot;The Samsung Buds can charge wirelessly FROM your phone, also the app gives you a lot of configurability, also they have a tight fit so you&#39;re confident they don&#39;t fall off. ALSO they are cheaper than the Apple Airpods... But man it&#39;s a hard pick which is better...&quot;

Amazingly helpful! Thank you.

Airpods look like ur a dumb dude with half cigarettes sticking out your ears.

You could get a ball for dat price

I&#39;ve tried/tested both I&#39;d totally recommend the Galaxy Buds IDK why people keep buying Apple products most of them are not even worth their price and let&#39;s not talk about their recycled phones.

They need to stop stealing from Apple

<a href="">0:00</a>

Apple AirPods&#39; kids:Yo look how rich I am I don&#39;t speak to poor little kids.Samsung AirBuds&#39; Kids: Well we don&#39;t speak to kids wearing cancerous radiational Bluetooth headphones

Samsung: Here&#39;s ambient sound modePeople: Okay neatApple a few months later: Here&#39;s the same thing with a different namepeople: WoAH ThiS Is ReVOluTioNaRy(Don,t kill me this is a joke)

This is the &quot;I dont even notice I&#39;m wearing them&quot; headset, which also means you wont be able to tell if they drop out!😱

I do agree with that the airpods are not noticeable but that can be a bad thing. If you loose one on a bus and you wouldn&#39;t notice it would pop out then that wouldn&#39;t be so great but what is good about the airpods is the tracking system.I haven&#39;t tried the galaxy buds yet but as I am so used to the AKG wire earbuds i will go for the samsung one. not that i have anything against the airpods

Apple: see we so much betterSamsung: ummm mind checking the price?

I bet you 90% of the people will still buy the airpods instead of samsung😂

I’m on iOS and I’m using the galaxy ones

Everytime I see someone wearing a square faced watch I instantly start looking for the &quot;Asshole Trendy Sticks&quot; in their ears. Lol

Not trying to be rude but i think u speak to fast

Apple fans: SaMsUnG fAnBoYs ArE sO tOxIc NoW😂 😂Me in my mind: I don&#39;t give  a damn about it. EARPHONES ARE JUST EARPHONES

He&#39;s got a pretty awesome beard.

I enjoy the Nokia air doots

My old school wired beats bitch slap those 2

Dislike people trying to be funny doing a review. But I do appreciate the rest of the information. Thank you

Galaxy Buds are better in every way, and are mush cheaper. Also has a much better design.

can it be connected to samsung j8? ( j8 bluetooth version 4.2) please currect answer.Galxy buds

How do you play music on one of the Samsung buds and charge the other because mine won&#39;t do that 😪

Make another video but with the AirPods pro

Idk why I&#39;m watching this, I literally carry both In my pocket on any given day

can i get the app on ios?

Galaxy buds
Samsung for my Google pixel 2!!!

I have a galaxy s8, will I get the full use out of these or are there things I will be missing out on?

you wear the buds wrong!! you must put it to the ear and then  rotate around under the ear! and they will never fall of your ears

Isn’t feeling the galaxy buds in your ears an advantage.Because If you rarely feel the air pods, then when your AirPod falls down, you won’t notice that that happened but if you feel the galaxy bud, then when it falls of, you will notice that it dropped from your ear.

Does the galaxy buds     stay in when you dont have ear canals

My mom has Galaxy buds and I tried them out they&#39;re really good except for me they don&#39;t fit airpods to me fit much better

Can you get the Galaxy Buds app on iOS?

Hey dummy, they have to fit snug to isolate sound.

I will never like Apply products. Never will I buy anything from them. BUT! If it wasn&#39;t for Apple and their innovations.... Samsung would have kept us with slow phone&#39;s like the touch pro 1 or touch pro 2. So good job apple.

so which one doesnt fall out when doing cardio?

I&#39;m listening to this video with galaxy buds

Galaxy buds are better in features and airpods are overrated, I recommend Apple to make a AirPod app and make more settings and options for airpods

Samsung and apple...Samsung is comfortable/ cheap than appleApple is great to listen sound

What app is this

<a href="">4:35</a> Sanju Baba 😂😂😂😂
WAIT so youre telling me that Samsung Had noise cancellation, and silcone adujstable tips ALREADY. Apple is so behind

Air pod
One or the other you have to be copying off each other

Samsung: makes comfortable ear buds.Apple: We’re listening...

Good vid tnx made my choice! Samsung it is! goas well with a s10+

i was watching this with galaxy buds

AirPods are trash

Still worth buying?

Galaxy buds is awensome...

Villagers be like <a href="">3:58</a>

But do they pass the pillow test?

Samsung Buds
I call the galaxy buds “oogle boogles” idk why lol

Air pods have the best ambience sound

If you dont notice your wairing them than its easyer to loose

The thing is,  you&#39;re wearing them wrong..the plastic on the side should go right behind your inner ear

Is samsung buds has a voice control of bixby?

Now the new AirPod pro has the rubber ear piece so it can be customized.  I am an apple you.  I have had numerous galaxy phones and they are good but any phone that uses another companies software isn’t going to run the greatest.  That is why I like the iPhone so much.  Apple makes it all.  Hardware and software.  Every apple product I have works amazingly well.  I have a 2015 Mac book pro and it will still outrun many of the newer windows based laptops.  But I ain’t one of the idiots that bash one or the other.  Choose whatever you like.  I’m sure both of these are great products.

Pods pro is better in all aspects but it better damn well be it cost 200 MORE THAN THE FKING BUDS

Galaxy buds look like something sid from ice age would wear

Galaxy buds be lookin like hearing aids

Anyone realize there’s no music playing

Omg are you kidding me you said Samsung has better everything but the sir pod feels a little bit better in the ear and u didn&#39;t know what to choose are u kidding me everything was better about the Samsung Budd and just because I air pod feels a bit better u like it more wtf is thus

Bro if you put airpod for more than 1 hour it painss...it is really annoying.....but Samsung Buds are awesome ❤❤

Tried flicking out my friends airpods out of her ear with no issues. She tried it with mine and mine are snug like a bug. Samsung buds 👍

Who else is watching while using Galaxy Buds?,

Well, the airbuds just exploded (dislocated) while listening to music

I have a small ear...which one should I get

In my opinion u can&#39;t flex with samsung buds.

Apple sucks

Um i have a question, so the samsung work on all android devices, right? or only for samsung products?

Any news on a galaxy bud 2.0, cause i dont want to buy it and then a couple months later the new one comes out

If you want to waste your money on a overpriced piece of plastic go with the airpods If you want to get true wireless amazing sounding earbuds go with the Samsung budsYour choice

If u did not notice it on ur ears  while u wear it and then say good bye if u lose it unnoticed.

The Galaxy buds have terrible sound quality compared to AirPods!

Thank you for your review.  I think convience will be my buying factor. But comfort and fit is a big deal as most ear buds do not fit well for me. The fact that samsung has different tips may help me as well.

Me: “Who SLAMS there AirPods case!?”Celebrities: “I’m RICH!!!”

So should I get the airpods or the buds?

<a href="">1:44</a> when i was 6

who take my phone at my kitchen?.. pls tell me

Im listening to this video using my Samsung Galaxy Buds 🥰🥰🥰

Could atleast tell us that we haft to download 2 apps ffs

I want to habe the quality of the Galaxy Buds but the airpods fit perfectly in my ear and it&#39;s as if I&#39;m not wearing anything...

Samsung is the better phone

i would choose galaxy buds

I bought both the Jabra 65t Elite Active and Apple AirPod 2. The Jabra was better in every conceivable way except one: ear comfort. In ear buds have never been comfortable for me and the Jabras like the galaxy buds just weren’t comfortable, at best I could keep them in for an hour. The AirPods pro are extremely comfortable on the other hand but I’m not gonna pay even at the Costco discount price the cash Apple wants for the audio quality it puts out. I’m not even audiophile but even I’m able to distinguish the difference between AirPods and Jabra. The only reason I bought and kept the AirPods is for the comfort. I wish they felt more secure but they’ve only ever fallen out of my hands, not so much my ears. But man do I wish those Jabras were comfortable. They were clutch. -mind you I haven’t used Bose or Sony headsets.

Full volume?? This man just destroyed his hearing

The new airpods copied the samsong pods!

Is all the settings for the galaxy buds only for samsung phones??

Who is listening to this with airpods or Galaxy Budd in right now like if true

&quot;The fit and the feel, and the sound seal.&quot;🔥🔥🔥😂

You have a fan on your camera???

Ur a good man for choosing samsung

I have had both I had Airpods first and then just got some Galaxy Buds and the Buds are significantly better!! Better sound, they fit better in your ears, cheaper and already come with a wireless charging case as the single option

I use airpods for Android

I have small ears and the airpods fit nice in my ear

What about AirPods pro

Airpods=FlexGalaxy Buds=Good Quality
I&#39;m just going to leave my input.Apple is a scummy company, sorry to break it to you. They make mediocre products for people who are blindly loyal to their company. That&#39;s how they make money. I have gone through a fair amount of the comments and most arguments against samsung do not give reasons as to why airpods are better. If you want an argument to be valid, include evidence next time. Many people flock to apple because its accessible, but I bet you they never considered why its accessible. Its accessible because  its generally for people who dont want to read specs and just want the product. And dont go commenting: &quot;I read specs all the time and I use airpods.&quot; Because if you actually did then I&#39;m fairly sure you wouldn&#39;t buy apple most of the time. I&#39;m just saying apple always goes for looks and sleekness over practicality which if you&#39;re a smart consumer is just plain dumb.

Why do you need ambient sound on earpods? They are from plastic and you can hear everything around you.😂

Honestly both of them are good. I personally would go with the Galaxy buds though. I prefer the in ear seal they give, vs the the just sit in your ear feel from the airpods. With that also comes the noise canceling fact. Also if you have a Samsung device, that&#39;s a big plus. For me though airpods just don&#39;t fit my ears very well.

Great review ngl

Maybe you notice the galaxy bud more because you&#39;re not used to it yet...

You did it wrong you must turn on your dolby atmos for max sound

Hi

Just got my Galaxy buds and they sound like toy earbuds. I also can&#39;t hear any difference in ambient sound mode. Glad I didn&#39;t pay full price. Update: I put the bigger ear tips on them and they sound pretty good now

SAAMMMSSSSUUUUUNNNNNNGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!

I like bass like the sound of the beats by Dre x not the wireless the ones with the wires super loud alot of bass i use them when I ride my motorcycle and damn I feel like I&#39;m inside the club so if the Galaxy buds got bass like that I want them lol

With AirPods you can use one of them while the other is charging too

just use the one that comes with that particular PHONE.SIMPLE!!!

Maybe samsung is better

Galaxy buds just made some apple users feel stupid and feel stuck in a diff eco system.

They&#39;re giving the Samsung ones away with Samsung phones at carphone warehouse, every now and then

I have a s10 plus and airpods but I regret buying airpods I want the buds

<a href="">3:15</a> me when I have my AirPods Pro in and didn’t hear what someone said to me

AirPods Pro is king

Galaxy buds for the win.

I have a s10 and I chose AirPods because Samsung buds hurt my ears

Lewis: “Wireless charge sharing”Me: Its reverse wireless charging

The bass is there if you toggle the bass to high in sound settings. It sounds flat if you turn bass boat in the app you have to turn it up in sound settings also

plz review the audio technica truly wireless earphones cos i think they&#39;re a bit of a hidden gem

the one time apple makes a product with a decent audio codec and samsung is still somehow better

Dose the galaxy earbud APP support apple

Can Galaxy buds be used with Bluetooth 4.2

I&#39;ll just stick to my ones with wires and I have my note 10+

Can I get the galaxy buds app on iOS

Im planning to buy new wireless earphones or earbuds. Im confused between Samsung Galaxy Buds or the ones from JBL. Can someone recommend? Heheh thank youuuu 😊

Are the galaxy earbuds wind resistant and noise cancelling ?

Now that the AirPods 2 are out it’s funny too see how all of the things that the galaxy buds did better than AirPods the AirPods 2 has fixed and implemented

My problem is, i think i have tiny ears. My friend has airpods and i really wanted them too and we shared them at her place while chilling. After half an hour i couldnt take it anymore, my ear just hurt and it wasnt comfortable at all. Ive always been better with in-ear earphones (the normal AKG ones that come with any samsung phone are amazing for example no pain nothin) so i thought aye the samsung ones should be good then but they look kinda...big xD im scared to get them and cant use them either due to pain :/, any experiences?

<a href="">2:06</a> people refuse to believe that galaxy buds came with &quot;transparency mode&quot; before airpod pros

The battery life which one is better?

So, Samsung just loves copying
Can you review the raycon wireless earbuds?

When I hear the fantastic sound of this Unbox Therapy video through my wired samsung headphones I forget about the topic!

I&#39;ve both and I can definitely say that airpods have much better sound quality but the galaxy buds have better sound cancellation and isolation but really lacks bass

Hey if you need them 😊 buy both, and if can&#39;t afford to pay for it, get the fake ones, same S**t

Soulja Pods guys!!

And my friends with airpods will still make fun of me even though their only like 30 bucks cheaper

Apple: makes AirPods Android: write that down write that down

Who the fuck would use galaxy pods they look like fuckin hearing aids

for me also i think airpods look lil stupid

I love EarPods 🎧
Samsung is just following apple and there just copying them Like justSTOP

To anyone who has samsung: are the buds too chunky?

In his last video reviewing just the airpods, he said it&#39;s all about his reaction. He definitely reacted more positively with the Samsung buds.

As stupid as that looks xD

Okay so clearly the Samsung buds are better but can someone confirm that these features (like ambient sound) are available on iPhones too?

Am i the only one who use the fake airpod

do airpods pro review!! but in flight test!
No fucking conclusion in the end.

The reason why I bought airpods 2 is.....shit!!! cause i am a show off..I know Samsung is better but I just want to show people that I am rich..actually my dad bought my airpods so basically I am not even employed 🤣

<a href="">4:17</a>-<a href="">4:20</a> smell the fart acting

I would rather use the airbuds because of the ambient and you can charge it with ya phone lol

Bottom line is: If you want to get the best sound out of your buds, you skip the phone branded ones and go buy a pair thats made my real music companies such as bose, sony, and sennheiser. But if you’re a hipster who likes to hangout at starbucks then go ahead and buy airpods. They’re used for that purpose anyway.

I’m having a hard time deciding on these

Honestly, I wish they made the earbuds that come with the Samsung phones wireless. Just like Airpods, it&#39;s just the buds without the wire

Finally someone who’s is compare airpod and the galaxy bud.thank for the content bro

And now that Airpods Pro are released galaxy fans are still salty asf 😂

The buds look like you have cotton wall in your ear it’s so gross

Apple lovers are going to hate this video... Because of some secret that I know.😁😁😁

Android or sumsung as you call is copying apple greatest innovation for rich people. Sumsung made a cheap airpods for poor people innovation

What don’t headphones was he on about

Try the new AirPods2 pro

I have both. The Galaxy Buds are night and day better sounding than Airpods. It&#39;s not even a competition. The feel imo is also better but that&#39;s subjective and the price and features are just better too. $149.99(buds) vs $229.99(pods) where I live. Also, the buds use Type-C and have wireless charging, the airpods don&#39;t have either. My only gripe about the buds is the case and while it isn&#39;t a huge issue and it still very small, the airpods case is more comfortable when thrown into a front pocket vs the buds case.

Literally the samsung buds are the new airpods pro

There just to chep to Buy the wire

Just about every single thing about the samsung buds were copied..NOTHING original..as usual.

Samsung earbuds
now there&#39;s the airpods pro

You get used to the buds to the feel of the buds pretty quickly

Now you have the one from google to compare

I don’t have a buds and AirPods so I don’t care rich one both r cool

Fun fact :99% of Korean adore air pods while other foreigners find galaxy buds much better. lol

How is the battery life on the Samsung buds?

I would <b>definitely</b> get the Samsung ones. My friend had airpods and let me try them out, and THEY WOULD NOT STAY IN MY EAR! Plus, the extra thing that makes it rest in your ear better work magic. Plus, (again)  there&#39;s more features for them and they are cheaper. <b>Congratulations, you heard my review</b>

My phone slipped outta my pocket 2 times in the bus and now when I get out but forget to check if I got it, I know I got it for sure because the music playing in my wired earphones. But imagine not having wires...

I  disagree with Louis’ sound decision... have both and I love them both but for sound quality the AirPods sound a lot better but when it comes to features and accessories the Galaxy Buds won. Personally I’d choose the AirPods because of the better sound but if you like features and stuff you could check out the Galaxy Buds :)Hope this helps somebody make a decision :)

The dislikes are from Apple users

What about both

Not sure if I missed your review, Can one Samsung Bud work independently or two have to work at the same time. Can the left or right be on while the other one is charging? Thanks

Who’s watching with AirPods???

I&#39;m a Galaxy buds boi I own them who else?

Just curious, what icon pack is he using on his S10?

A new challenger appearsSony wireless buds

Can I use Samsung buds with iphone??

The buds look a bit wierd tho.....

this guy has to be the most annoying famous person I&#39;ve ever seen on youtube

I cant use the apple Airbus because they dont stay in my ears but samsung earbuds stay amazingly well. Love them.

So how do you turn the buds up to full volume cause the volume sucks to me

I have an android and I have airpods 🤣

AirPods: likeGalaxy Buds: reply

Is the galaxy good for talking ?

I like the samsung

Can please you send me that

You can try some redmi airdots

Are you <b>tired</b> of losing your wireless earphones? Don’t worry! Put a leash on it! The leash connects the earphones to the phone’s headphone jack.

I just got the pixel 4 yesterday, can you do the configurations with the Galaxy buds on the pixel or not that&#39;s what&#39;s gonna make my decision

Great. Why are you not testing the airbud with an apple phone and the galaxy with the samsung

What you get with:Galaxy Buds: Wireless Charging, Noise Isolating Sound, Ambient Sound, Customizable Controls, Built In AppAirpods:...

The yellow Galaxy buds really sold me.

Leave a like of listening w AirPods 👀

AirPods Pro are on the way.

Hurry up hurry up hurry up

Can anyone confirm if either one of the se wireless headphones work with Alcatel flip phones(Alcatel Go)? My grandpa can never hear me on his flip phone when I call. Please let me know!

So basically if you work in an office airpods would be better then  buds.If your work involves something physical then buds are better then airpods.

Which one has a better microphone for talking?

I have tried airpods and galaxy buds in my galaxy S8 and they provide a below average sound quality and as per the people in Samsung store galaxy buds only provide its best in S10 &amp; Note 10 models.  . Is it true??

They look like armor in minecraft

Someone stole my earbud, I ran after him, pushed him on the ground and kicked him in the nuts. I got it back

Idk I have an iPhone 8 and am considering the Samsung one. Mainly because AirPods don’t fit my ear well and also hurt my ears after wearing for a long time.

Didn&#39;t know you could use the air pods with galaxy phones. 😅👍

Literally no one is going to charge their galaxy buds from their phone

airpods look less weird

Apple: AIRPODS IS THE BEST WIRELESS EARPHONESSamsung: BET
Ima use galaxy buds so they dont fall out and ambient so i can hear the teacher talking

Airpods makes you looks stupid, Buds makes you look disabled.  Which one will you choose?

Plus the Galaxy ear buds are locatable with the app!That in itself is amazing!

I&#39;m getting the galaxy buds with my tab s6 but I currently use the Marley Liberate Air

Samsung Buds because I have them they are the best

Galaxy buds win. Airpods look retarded with their long rat tails

You get a thumbs up just for playing stargazing by Travis Scott

like they say the original is always better then the imitation

I was watched this full video wearing earpods 😂😂

Flex with podsQuality with buds

I been using AirPods for my Nokia

Going for comfort and sound, i heard airpods are average to the joe on the sound.

Who watches this video with his/her AirPods?

<a href="">5:53</a> but the problem of not feeling it, is what if the airpod fell out of your ear? U wouldnt notice because you dont FEEL it. But the buds are more noticeable cause you know when it falls out. My friend once lost her airpod cause she didnt notice it fell out. Earbuds all the way!!!

I would pick samsung because i would want to feel it incase it falls off and its cheaper

Airpods
<b>The fit, the feel, the sound and seal</b>Is this guy a poet now

Either have something like white sperm dripping out, or white sperm frozen in

i love the airpods case want it bad lol

He acts like our iPhones can’t tell us the battery of each AirPod and thinks our AirPods don’t work individually

Galaxy

What about battery life?

People say that you can loose your airpods and don&#39;t even mention it. So +1 to buds on this one ;)

People going in for galaxy buds, lol

Unn I&#39;m sorry I couldn&#39;t hear you video...nah I. Just joking with you 😄😄 nice video also galaxy buds

I think samsung is the dominant tech companyDoes apple make washing machines? No.Does google make washing machines? Still no.

I&#39;m watching this with my samsung buds on.

Galaxy samsung stay copying apple
Literally the only reason I thought airpods is because of the snappy lid , it&#39;s just so satisfying and before you say I&#39;m an isheep I use an s9+ so yeah they are cool

Which one? Like AirPods comment earbuds

idk why there&#39;s arguing. Some people prefer samsung, some people prefer android and some people prefer apple. I don&#39;t think theres anything wrong with that.

um i want galaxy buds i can also hear what the others are wispering about me

Due to the discomfort I exchanged my Galaxy buds for the AirPods for my Samsung. Download the Podroid app and you&#39;re set..They sound better too...best decision I made

Airpods!
that look way better than airpod

When I got my Galaxy Buds, I thought they were super quiet but then I pushed up the volume... They are perfect.

If you wanna spend more money and look rich for worse wuality choose air pods. If you would like good quality. For less money choose galaxy buds

Is the range good? I like charging my phone upstairs whilst listening to music on my beats solo 3 downstairs. Atleast 10 metres would be good

he&#39;s listening to shine on you crazy diamond 💙 floyd💙

Lue has the best job in the world he is able to review the latest tec an probably has a huge pile of smart phones and Head set&#39;s and laptops in the corner. HILARIOUS IF YOU THINK ABOUT IT😂😂😂

So I got the galaxy buds and at 1st i thought they fit well but then i thought of testing a different rubber combination after several trials i found out that i was living in pain and they do fit very well and i  now forget im wearing then on! also u didnt test out the mic for the calls and which one of them is better. I think u must take ur time trying the product for a week or so.. It will help evaluate better.Thanks love ur channel

Not even a comparison in terms of design or sound quality. The Galaxy buds are miles better than the airpods which sound like earpods with no wire.

Samsung galaxy buds are the best

Apple: we introduce you ToothbrushIdiots: im gonna put that in my ear

How many splinters have you got in your arse sitting on that fence? Ha ha

If you like this comment nothing will happenBut like it please I&#39;m desperate

Like: galaxy bud Comment :Airpod
Then give me that samsung buds to me😅

team samsung
apple

AirPods cuz I have them

AirPods are great but there’s  just one thing that disappoints me about the Apple AirPods.... they’re NOT loud ENOUGH! Lol

Watching this with my AirPods lmao

Im not sure which one I&#39;m gonna take.Oh i forgot i am broke

Galaxy buds have the galaxy wearable app for any phone which works great (even a non-samsung phone) but airpods don&#39;t have that app if you want to use it  for a phone other than iOS

Galaxy buds are way better  bu far

AirPodsBecause they’re the original

The samsung galaxy buds are better but if u feel like trying to flex your money go for the airpods although they aren&#39;t as good pls stop being delusional apple fanboys the airpods are just overpriced for the mediocre performance they offer.

Someone tell me why the airpods are more expensive but the galaxy buds are better?

some of the stuff is not true. for example the AirPods do have that ambient sound future and you can use only one AirPods at a time if u want to...

I&#39;ll admit, I do like the galaxy buds better but I only bought the apple ones to flex on those broke bitches😂💀

Galaxy buds are more sophisticated

I have galaxy s10 but I am thinking to buy Airpods😑. The only problem is that they are not really compatible with Samsung devices.Which one should I buy?

There tiny thats a joke i play with legos imagine my life

Best site to buy fake Samsung buds on?? I live in Europe

And Samsung wins again
Samsung, hands down!!! Love the buds in that AURA GLOW.  especially since they DON&#39;T offer the NOTE 10+ 512GB MODEL IN AURA GLOW!  I was forced to get the Note 10+ in black (it&#39;s only made in black) when I really wanted it in that fantastic Aura Glow!!The airpods look ridiculous when worn.  What&#39;s with the &quot;stick&quot;?  Apple has never made an earpod that actually stayed in my ear.  Samsung always fits just right.

I personally only use samsung products, EXCEPT for their earbuds i use airpods. Because the samsung earbuds are trash and i dont mean the sound quailty i mean the way the fit is the most uncomfortable feeling ever. Airpods are far more comfortable, but i use galaxy watch and galaxy phone so yeah.....

Airpods definetly
Who&#39;s like me watching on Galaxy Buds

Are buds working on every type of samsung?

as stupid as that looks......dddddwlllwwwwwwwwwlllllllllllllll

Actress Anastasia Demchuk
I wouldnt prefer anything because...I cant even afford it

Hmm this prove android id stealing tech to make better

SummaryGalaxy buds if you want really nice comfortable better sound quality and lots of cool features chose these and if you need to save money.Airpods if you wanna flex

So which is the winner.

I like how Samsung kids are tryna have a decent conversation and Apple kids are being toxic

Idk about the ipods being less noticeable, it looks like a long ass thing coming out of your ear. If you&#39;re sneaking it I definitely feel the galaxy would be better at concealing

Im lazy so samsung buds
34 ads on a 7 minute video

Headphones that aren’t Apple never fit in my ear. They always fall out 😂

You should review the Jaybird Vistas!

AirPods ✅

Being able to use one ear bud at a time is a HUGE factor for me when deciding to buy wireless ear buds. I sometimes like to wear one under my ear muffs at work, you can&#39;t hear anyone worth crap anyway so might as well have some music lol. I bought a pair of edifier tws3 and they are pretty good but dont work worth crap on PC, the audio constantly cuts out and there is a massive delay between video and audio when watching youtube, but when I use them on my S9 they work awesome. There are actually a lot of ear buds that don&#39;t really work on PC bluetooth apparently, not sure why. Gonna be buying these next pay day when I can afford it!

The more you wear the buds, the less you feel them. You should use the buds for a week and let us know how you get on

I have the akg earbuds from s10e and they hurt in the correct ears

My choice would be (OG Samsung Cookies) them galaxy joints for my iPhone 11. Shit I&#39;ll pass on both &amp; go with bose or Sony for my audio quality.

This is common sense. If you have an Android Device go for galaxy buds, if you’re an iPhone user get AirPods🤷🏻‍♂️ they both cater to their respective brands and if you get them mismatched with your phone they won’t perform to their fullest potential

Lewis please do review for Noise shots X1 air.

no cap and thats on period

airpods de way
For me is impossible to have the full volume in my buds, the sound is too high

I dont recommend them at calls they suck

Smh so much poor people who don’t have enough money for them BEATS

Is there an app that I can use on my iPhone that gives me the settings on the buds???

I went with AirPods 2 for my all day pods and jabra elite 65t for my workout/ need more secured fit situations

<a href="">0:54</a> you can do that as soon as you open the AirPod case and take them out on an iPhone

I’ve had both now, but I like AirPods better. Samsung seemed to disconnect a lot more. With my phone in my pocket I’d see 1-2 stutters per hour on the Samsung’s but none on the AirPods. As nice as all the extra features were, I couldn’t keep the Samsung’s. All that said, the AirPods fit nicely for me. I know many people who hate the fit of AirPods, and the Samsung’s still a fantastic option.

Which are better to connect with samsung galaxy?

I don’t know what this guy is talking about. I WANT to know that the earbud is in my ear so I know if it fell off or whatnot

so wheres the souljapods vs those BROKE pods...

Like = AirPods Reply = Galaxy Buds

what is the app called

watching this without headphones

Someday test punjabi or Indian songs on your headphone test...you have huge fan following here :-)

I tried over 10 earbuds in 2019, Galaxy buds is one the shittiest ones, it&#39;s a piece of junk and has a lot of issues. it&#39;s a total disgrace and stupidity for Samsung to make this crap.

Both of them

I had the Iphone 8 + airpods and then switched to Galaxy S10 and recieved the buds. I think the airpods are easier to use, but the buds are just way better at almost everything else, and something I worry about, is that people around me can also enjoy my music while I was wearing the airpods

Please try NOISE X5 Shots earbuds

Hey hi am willing to purchase the S_buds in next few days,I have  a doubt on this product regarding its comfort and sound quality.Am going to use it mostly for gym n run..what&#39;s do u say..?Like I have seen other products like noise,boult..but they  pain after a a hour and sound quality is not that good.

Almost lost air pod because I never fell them is my air pods

The galaxy buds suuuuuck when used with an iPhone every time I try and use them to talk on the phone people complain

Of course you like the feeling of Airpods better, you have gotten yourself use to it. Wear the Samsung for a month then try the Airpods on, you&#39;ll hate them. It&#39;s the same for everything, I hate the feeling of wearing a new pair of glasses, but a week later I can&#39;t switch back.

I beg some1 reply to this comment what devices do the samsung buds connect to

Connectivity? Who wins?

airpods = likegalaxy buds = comment

Your review is helpful but not that helpful!

Their both good but tbh AirPods just look nicer and sound better

Airpods look like Nike sign in ur ear.

Get airpods

Airpods is for flex

FIRST ...SORRY.......but let me guest ...U wan&#39;t to choose the Airpods for Comfort,Sound Quality, and Built Quality like Feels Solid....AT THAT TIME ...But as u said..HARD TO PICK...maybe..MAYBE .. because Galaxy the Galaxy Buds is newer....like it Feels or Sounds  NEW.....And Again SORRY...I&#39;m just GUESSING...ha ha. .....

You know fighting for which brand is better looks dumb because both brands are just really amazing awesome brands. And they just insult them like wtf🙄

Fucking hate AirPods so much they never look good when I wear them, they don’t sit on my face like I see when other people wear them

OHP, NOT A iShit user? SUBSCRIBED
You’re an idiot👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽 pods are better
When you&#39;re using a wired earphones and then Youtube recommend this video ..I&#39;m slightly offended.

Can it work in my samsung j8?

Galaxy Buds: LikeAir Pods: Comment

I bought Galaxy Buds yesterday and my girlfriend and parents told me I look like I&#39;m wearing Hearing Aids lol! Anyway, it&#39;s significantly better than Airpods for me, since it doesn&#39;t fall of easily and the sound is a little better, and the other features like touch pad and all that.

ATTENTION IPHONE USERS!! The app does not work on IOS. Like people can see

Just bought my Galaxy Buds today. Love them 🖤

I bought Galaxy buds it&#39;s so nice  My friend have airpods  not very good

Galaxy pods are better

My friend was wearing a hijab and her airpods underneath and freaked out cause she thought she lost them

i think people like juul pods more

Even Travis couldn&#39;t figure out which one to buy after watching this. He ended up buying Skullcandy buds. Lol.😋😋😋.

At least one person in every class I have has a pair sometimes upwards of five

Hey I know I&#39;m late to the galaxy buds but I want to know if i should buy them. I have the note 9 and I got airpods. Should I buy the galaxy buds?

is the bass better than the akg ones?

No matter what extra options samsung throw at their products they still just aren’t as good as apple products. Cant quite pin point why but thats just how it. Apple products are just so sleek and refined to touch and use. Apple’s simplicity is why people love them yet samsung think if they throw 80 options on their products it’ll somehow outsell the Apple products and it never works.

Apple is not better then android and android is not better then applePeople have OPINIONS

I think the Samsung headphones look better, and have far more features, and I think the airpods look pretty stupid when you are wearing them

I always liked samsung better
I have both. Mainly cause I Use Samsung products and my wife uses Apple.

I&#39; used to have an iPhone with the airpods but I got tired of both of them so I switched to Samsung but I can&#39;t get the galaxy buds but the airpods aren&#39;t bad so I don&#39;t have a problem of sticking to emIn conclusion I don&#39;t necessarily regret the purchase but it could&#39;ve been better with the buds.

OK BUT... Where do you get your hoodies?

I will get the apple air podsBecause these have dental floss situation

I like this guy bc he actually thinks about which sounds better, not just bc the phone he has.
