Love you baba ️🇮🇳
Srk sanju friend
Views le liye Bawas shame

Srk

Hey ch... Who is Shahrukh Sa.. who insulted Sushant then bank Shahrukh first.
Fake news

First Indian gym lover Sanju baba
Fake news

Sanju release ho ne wali hai toh yaad agaya, nonsense…Haan and unsubscribe to this channel Karna bhule…Agar bhul gaye toh ye channel publicity ke liye humare Dil hate Bhar Bhar ke Paise kamyaga…
you abuse me
shahrukh ko chaahne walo thoko like

lund is sanjay

Shahrukh bahi
Chal chutiya

Can you say anything because SRK's career started when Amjad Khan died, why did you become famous at that time?
SRK always King
Sanjay dutt king h yar
Sanjay Shahrukh If you are not a friend then you are not an enemy either by spreading false news.
Baba is great

Rajnish Paswan
Ra jnish Paswan
Fake news

Please stop making Sir Sanjay Dutt look bad by posting fake click bait.

bole to sanju baba
You're also an actor
sanju baba great
srk and sanju both are best

What did you expect?
Khan is so much GREAT he is BADSHAH of all INDUSTRY

Is this the truth and truth that has been told in this film?
Baba weeeeeeeeeeeee luvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv uhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Baba is my mother's father. No matter what a human being wants, I have told him. Whose palda is heavy.
Sab fake hai

Sanjay baba why you are not Muslim if you you can see on you tube Allah is the one  hazrat Esawill  come on the day of judgment if you don&#39;t want to be Muslim  but Allah one in world   I recuesttobe muslim

Sali jhoothi ​​news dalti h kamini
abe sanju picture dekh le phle media sirf sutr bnati h ya chutiya or kch nhi
Let's get out of here
Wah kuch bhi

wt rubbish z ts. god given mouth it doesn&#39;t mean u can say anything.

Accha huwa &gt; srk needs respect sanju
Please stop this nonsense

Srk is king

Fake news

Look, why did you say something wrong?
Fake news salman khan fan
sanju move Ranbir kooper actor is flops actor baker flops flops actor

total faka new ,, srk ,snju his the best friend,s

If you do not fight with father then you will not grow too heavy.
Pura video gave it
Total fake

Srk budhdhy ki maa choddega sanju baba
Fake news

Baba has killed everyone, I want you to be salu or sarukh, Baba's words are different.
Baba he brother father will lead everyone Baba you are a tiger
We love you sanju baba
Baba has been the father of Bollywood since the beginning...Salman se puch lo...uski v fat jati baba ka ke baad hai.
It's okay because I will make a video of my father also for these views :3
Fake 

srk ki maa ki chut shi kri baba ne
What did you get?
sanjay dutt sir you are great and handsome hero of our Bollywood

Why you talking shit for? Amjad khan passed in July 1992.And Shahrukh Khan’s first movie ‘ Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman’ was realise in November 1992 so that means he wasn’t even famous and plus they didn’t even know each other back than, so please improve your knowledge.

Bandra boy
Sanju bhai I wonder what you did?
fake news h loda

I know sanjay dutt is good person but u should know that.. Srk is king and most popular talented actor on the earth... Bollywood me aisa koyi paida hi nhi hua jisaki compair srk se ho

baba h vo sb ka
Nothing gud in it..nothing he did gud things his past life.y gvng him so imprtnt his biopics ND y hive him?he is famous only de  unwanted dirty things.his movie spread  msg to youth insisting to go for wrong <a href="">path.no</a> gud knowledge there.

Sanjay dutt is the best

sanjay Dutt  king of bollywood

Love u baba
i like filmy with srk and kadol

There is no need for poor publicity to make the film a hit.. The film is already a hit..
Srk King of Bollywood he

Ye film ke liye public city ho Sakta hai jo ki jarurat nhe

Fake

It&#39;s the downfall when you praise someone for the bad things he has done!Girls are being proud that Sanjay Dutt fukked plenty of women,people praising him for his savageness!It&#39;s absurd......... 

Sanjay dutt biggest actor then srk. Srk is the selfish baba such main bollywood ka baba hain is is a legendary actor of all time he is style legend of India really biggest actor great

yeh faltu giri main..srk nahi parta
Sharuk khan cheap person also selfish

That's why SRK is king...
Esme si si badi baat h sanju baba h sbka baap h
baba is great

baba love you
Sanjay dath dog
Sanju baba is hard, no mother knows when to stop, baba we love you.
Gandu News
are sanju se sare khan darte te...
