Teaser: 01 Feb 2020Release Date: 24 Dec 2021 It&#39;s 2024 and not seen even the trailer!

Game of thrones ka copy nhi hona chahiye bas 

Movie will come in 2026

As long as this teaser is still up, there is a chance this movie will be made

I am from 2050 still waiting for this movie 

dearest Karan ji Johar,i have been waiting with bated breath for TAKHT since the second it was announced (i have your post notifications on). so please give me an update. i have cancer stage 7, mind you. there&#39;s no telling how much i have left in me or my hair. so please, once again i request you to release the damn movie asap. at least make a trailer. KWK season 8 is also over. so please get on with it. Regards,stage 7 patient, movie fan. <a href="">#loveislove</a>

It's been 3 years that I've been gaya rahi hai ya bandh ho gayi ।
Only for kareena 

When will you watch the movie??
Kb bear
 Karan's Nalli Movie
Release kb hogya

Make this movie and I want to see Takht and specially Ranveer Singh again in The badass mode

Who or what are you making movies of people against Mughals or against Pakistan?


When is the movie coming out?
Is this movie ever going to be released?

His voice 
What did you forget?
Are you watching this movie?
Hope this gets made! 

Yar plz kam kr lo is oy karan

Why brother when will you come?
Where is the latest update of this movie?

where??

Waiting Rocky rani done now we need go karan

Still waiting

Vicky kaushal
please make this movie sir

Ranveer Singh should convert to Islam because he is obsessed with brutal mulim kings

Is anyone still waiting of this movie

5 Saal Me Sarkar badalti hai Tumhare Takht ke teaser ko 4 Saal ho gaye 

Why This movie Not Made

When will this film come?
Pls release the movie Karan Johar,have to see Ranveer and Vicky kaushal

i hope they make this movie...but looks like they would not

When this movie will release

Is this still going to happen????

I&#39;m waiting for the movie to show

Janhvi 
Can’t wait

Well, the film hasn't been released yet
Who&#39;s watching this in 2023 

When will you buy this movie??
They should replace janhvi with some other actress, movie will be a great hit with everyone talented!

When will be this thing releasing

Eagarly waiting for takht movie 

?



2021 Ke Christmas Mei Release Hone Wala Tha Lekin Ye to Dekhte Dekhte 2023 Ka Christmas A Gaya, Kab Ye Flim Mukti Payega... I can&#39;t Wait Plzz Release This Flimm... 

They forgot to complete shoot of themovie 

Release date ????

Where&#39;s the movie?

2023 hay ab 

Bhai abtk to iss movie k bare m kuch pta hi ni chla...cast to zordar h aaygi kb movie 

Where did this movie go, no one released it?
I will probably not start shooting because of COVID 19 pandemic.
Is this movie coming or not

Yrrrrr

Abhi kisko show hua

Can&#39;t wait to see Ranveer act in takhat

Takht movie update....
RARKPk agai Lkn ye movie na ayi 
I am waiting

Hey brother, what happened?
Hellooo.?? Any update on this cuz the cast is amazing. Please please don’t shelve it

This power will be destroyed in lockdown.
I can’t wait 
It&#39;s 2023 where is the film?

Casting ,
The secret of this film remains the secret
When is this going to be released ?

Movie kyu release nai hui ab tak??

It&#39;s 2023 ..when will it come to cinemas ?

I wanna see this movie so bad.

What happened to this film?

Is this movie got cancelled or will release in future? Its june 2023 and still movie didn&#39;t release

What have you forgotten?
please kuch upadate do yaar is movie ke bare main....

When will he come?
Vumi will wake up to Katrina...it will be exciting to see Ranveer and Katrina's pairing.
What should I do if I write the name of this movie?
When it will be realse

BAND HO GAYA YE NATAK 

When is this planned to come?

This film will not be released in the face of devotees... because they will not be given true food... it will be released only when the history of this film will be told... in the door of hateful pictures...
After 3 years thinkinh about this movie going to happen or not

kya hua is flm ka ?

BRO..... Ranveer&#39;s voiceGoosebumps
Takht mere loda
When will this release?

make it happen

Stop gloryfing Mughal invasions

The movie that will never release 

Will they be showing aurangzeb as the villain now

Waiting for this project 

Release

Please

When will you make Bnchod film?
bow down to the great mughals 

Lando on the mobi
Wheeeeeeen?!!!

Still waiting

ARRAHMAN MUSIC 
When is it going to get released?????

God forbid movies were made these years. As per Cancer, everyone has considered themselves as the father of India.
gave audition for this movie.

Everyone needs to see the truth.
Movie release karo yrr

Please karan johar.. Release this film

Why there is not any update on this movie?

I mean are they forgot about this movie?

Still waiting for this movie

I think this movie was probably the story of Aurangzeb taking the throne by burying Darashikoh in his coffin.
Inter caste or even inter faith sometimes is not problem but marrying or having relationship with dalit is!!!!!!!!!why ?????

I totally forgot about this film 

Yrr pls release thus movie

Don&#39;t think that this movie will even come

first Brahmastra &amp; now Takht... Karan Johar announces films &amp; then forgets to release for years

Movie kab anee wali hai?

Bsdk kya huwa is movie ka 2021 mey teaser

Nahi aaraha hai kiya movie?
Brother, what is this movie?
Again nepotism

NEPOTISM production

When will you come brother 
<a href="">#takhtrelease</a>

Waiting Ranveer
when this is  comings

2023 hogaya

The fate of this film was to be decided by KALANK’s performance. It’s failure made this one shelve too.

Yeh kab aaya?? Ab to 3 sal ho gye

Cancelled movie

YE FILM BENEGEE

Bhaduwe pe movie
3 years ho gye bhai ab to le aao movie Wait nhi ho paa rha 
Why i get vibe of KALANK

Ranveer playing aurangzeb? Oh yesss can&#39;t wait

So sad that this movie got cancelled.. I wanna see this cast in a single movie...

I'm waiting for this film
Another Kalank

Mughal pe movie banaoge to bollywood ko bhikh mangani padegi

Was this movie released in theatres??

Is this movie canceled?

Marne ke baad release hogi shayad 

This film has been discontinued and will not be made again.
bechare!

Now to make BSDK
Still waiting

2023 now 

21 chala gaya vai
Kab banegi yeh movie... Dharma production pls gave us any hint, feedback.. Pls it&#39;s now 3 years have passed, any South movie maker will come and make a movie on this story... Before they destroying it.. Or any web series is made on it pls.. Release a small teaser or motion poster of it.. Pls it&#39;s a humble request... To you and karan johar too

When will this release?

Great mughal s

Brother when will the movie come?
Why this movie so important?  Why they only show love stories of mughals instead of showing their true faces like cruelty, loot,  women harrasment and killing our beloved nation soldiers....

What the heck yr ।।।।...don&#39;t recommend this again

Will this movie come or not?
24-12-2021 
Coffee with Karan, everyone who does bakchodi together. This movie is not bakchodi
Yt recommend me this today...like WTF?

Kab ayegi be picture

This movie will never come out. I guess has been shelved

Karan Johar wants to be Sanjay Leela Bhansali again like he did in Kalank but now he will fail again 

where is the movie
Game of thrones ....indian version

Where is the movie...!?

Me watching teaser after the movie got shelved.

Is it coming or not

I&#39;m still waiting 

Perfect example of Nepotism

2023 aa gaya par movie nahi aayi hmm...kuch to gadbad h daya 
When will the series come again?
The date has already gone in 21 

If they make this, i will be there for Ranveer Singh and aditi rao hydari (if she is returning) for sure. He was terrific in padmavat! 

Release kyu na hui...??

Where is the movie

This film will not release anymore 

movie daalna bhul gye
Why it is not realised yet ?

Vicky Kaushal&#39;s Voice  hoping for something really good.Expectations high

Karan Johar Sahab apka bum ka dum ka daad dena padega .. you are like Bina pendi ka lota .. even that is better bro.. you are like bull&#39;s dung.. not even cow&#39;s

Idhar bhi nepotism ko promote karna nahi bhuleJanhavi Kapoor Kareena Kapoor Khan close friend of kjAlia Bhatt kj think that she is superstar Ranveer Singh  bedroom friend

2023 aa gyi movie kha gyi
After a while the plans seem to be skipped.
Stop glorifying Mughal Empire!!

Aakhir btanankya chate ho ki Mughal log acche the 

Bhool Gaye lagta jhopdi wale is ko Banana

Hzrt Aurangzeb Alamgir zindabad Aisi movie should be banned which is against Muslim! Allahu Akbar🇸🇦 ️
It's been 3 years, there is still no trace of this movie and you were saying that it will be released in Christmas 2021! Wow !
Hope this will not glorify a killer like aurangzeb 

I think it&#39;s 21 date year 24

Make a movie on Maharana Prataap
Fir wahi mughal chutipa, Mewarr was way much bigger than delhi that time uspar movie banao

Brother, I said loudly, Aurangzeb's mother's pussy got fat.
Will it reliese?? Or not??

Teaser release kar k bhul gye movie bnna lgta h

When will you realize that I have watched this movie 40 times?  When will you watch the teaser every day of the month 
What happened to the movie?
How much longer have you waited brother?
Bhai 2023 v adha hone wala h n tmre trailer ka pta movie to bd ki bt h..aegi v ya nhi 24-12-2021 date hata do ab isse
Bhai movie start krdo bnana kuchh to announcement kro iski 3 saal se wait kr rha hu 

these movie is releasing soon in Pakistan theatre.

Why u didn&#39;t make this film sir?

3 years old, when is he coming? When is he coming...
It&#39;s 2023 where is the film 

Log bol rahe this will be given a chance

What happened to the film?... ???
3 years have passed
Ranveer aur vicky ko khilji jaise look dena chahiye

Boycott Jokers this
Boycott killer psychopath dog&#39;s forever
with so much clowns these days mostly for politics  its hard to release the film

It seems that maybe there would have been a lot of dialogue in the history of India but it never happened because the Mughals did not allow it to happen because from the beginning the Mughals were afraid of their own blood to gain power that is why they never did like this. This is the reason for their power, this is the reason for the government and this is not the fate of the Mughals, this is also the case, the Muslim Mughals will never go down, they will not change their nature, they will not change their thinking.
Hope it was directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali

Kabhi movie sach me release ho jaati. To na jaane kitni boycott hoti

Why did you take Jhanvi?
Hello guys I am from future 2023, this movie Ghanta has not even been released… and the mother of Bollywood has become crazy… all the guys are boycotting it.
Trailer Kab release Karo ge

Ohh wow ranveer singh &amp; kareena thanks karan for another super flop

Karan Johar got busy launching star kids and lost the chance of making best dharma productions movie

Flop ..

I know this movie is about Akbar and Salim

Ab ye film dabbe mein qaid hai.. Shelved totally. 

Kab hoga release 

Boycott gang getting ready 
Where is the movie bro?

Takht Kab release hogi

Fun fact- this movie is shelved

It's 2023 kaha hai movie 
Nehi will come?
MAKE A TAKHT MOVIE

2 years complete ???????

Now this film will not come
Kalank 2.0 
Dude. WTF is that! That ain&#39;t the Peacock Throne!

Ye film release ho gayi kya ?

By announcing you will forget the saying
Again <a href="">#Nepotismmmmmmmmmm</a>

Kab aayegi yeh?

Please make this movie housefull

Make a film c.....yo
only 19 days left and still no trailer or advertisement of the movie lol     

3 year passed no sign of movie fear of hindutva

Karan and srk best jodi dharna production
Who else got recommended this by youtube 

I think it got shelved

24-12-2021 wtf 

Will you come without this movie 
Well, this film was not made because it is Karan Johar's film and it glorifies Mughals.
2021 offffffhhh

When  will come teaser??

Why not anouncement this movie  ??

Hritik Roshan and Aamir Khan would be the right heavyweight stars for such a historical. Junior actors won&#39;t be able to get the diction and ethos of the times right.

When It&#39;ll Come ???

I walked in the bus and canceled it.
Sad that it is no more

When will the movie come in 2021 and 2022 also?
This time I want to see Ranveer with Janvi 

Ranbir is playing positive role and Vicky is playing negative role

Movie hasn't been made yet or what?
Now this movie itself has become a history 
Waiting for this master piece

Now you see the Mughal name...see without trolls, there will be boycott, then why will Bollywood movies not be made?
Thoo!

bhaiii what is the film leading me to?
Dharma Productions going back in time to release it in 2021, nice nice

I don&#39;t want this to be shelved for god&#39;s sake

Or this movie is not available yet
Indian Game of Thrones

This is a complete Shopping Mall of Nepotism... Poor Jhanvi was not taken care of by anyone, Karan Mama adopted her along with Shakal
(Hello Dharma ProductionsMy Self Adarsh ​​Balmiki Chhora)Agar Aapki Takht Movie Sabse hatke hai ya Manikarnika ya Jodha Akbar Jaisi Hai Toh Please Aise Movie Laate Raho Hum Sabhi Bollywood Fans Aapko Support Karenge Or Agar Ye Movie Aadipurush Jaisi Hai Toh This Movie Ko Laate Bollywood Main Bohot Futu Movie Hai Wo
Game of thrones or what

This movie didn&#39;t release

Where Is the film dude?

Kalank 2 

Where is this movie, what is Dibba Band, what is this movie?????
Another movie flop has been made by Bollywood people...Now I have started boycotting it....Jay Shree Ram
We wouldn&#39;t mind if KJo spares some time from Koffee with Karan and rather focus on such an amazing concept 

Arey aao ....
All masala for boycott this movies super duper boycott

This is October 25,2022Or. Next week Brahmastra  Hotstar par release hogi November 4 ko,But ye Takht  nahi aayi

when will the movie come

I think where did Karan Johar write this script
Curious for movie, secular darashikogh
Brother, when are you here? It's been 3 years already. 
Aagaya Bollywood fir se mullo ki gand saaf karne

I&#39;m watching this in 2022

Why don&#39;t release the movie what happened it&#39;s a long time I&#39;m waiting

Can you think of it, COVID aane se pahle iska teaser aaya tha and COVID chala gaya but fir bhi movie nhi aayi

Shit as always. This one especially from Kjo.

Boycott season is going on, maybe this film will not be released
Shelve ho gayi yeh toh

2022

What happened Karan why you didn&#39;t make this movie?

Good by adharma production

your coffin is ready
I watched in 2022

When it will be release

Fun Fact: A. R. Rahman Was Composed The Music 

Neo actors

Yeh movie banana hi bhool gay lgta h
Yrrr yeh. Movie aai hei nhi rahi
One of the best movies

Ranveer singh ...
Dharam Sikoh(Ranveer), Aurangzeb(Vicky) and war Dharma Ka Yudh 15 April 1658....
Bollywood ka game of thrones banare ho kya bhai 

Kalank ka baap

This film is yet to be made, 24.12.21 has passed, now 24.12.22 is about to come but there is no sign of this film anywhere.
imagine an intense fight between dara sukho and aurangzeb occures and out of nowhere bollywood song popups xd lol please make it more like a documentary style movie and less bollywood dramatic movie! this movie would be worth watching !

Flop movie

Hope you make fictional characters and won’t play with historical sentiments.

Film kab aayehgi
Beautiful concept such as love is always Fucked Up in Karan Johar&#39;s mind!

24 th Dec 2021 why haven't you come yet guys!?
It fucking 2022 September. The movie did not released 
Sad this movie is not banned
Kiran Joharika then had a disaster lunch.
Plzen release kardo please 

It's going to be a fake movie…lelo ke likh ️
Now Brahmastra has also become a blockbuster and now this has also been made Karan sir.
Plz plz make this happen

where&#39;s the movie i can&#39;t see as 24 dec 2021 already has been passed but movie i can&#39;t see it anywhere.

Phir se love story thuus di 

Where did they copy GAME OF THRONES?
Sala date kb ka paar ho gya movie release ni kiya

Waiting yaar
And how long will you wait?
I am waiting    takht

Where Is The Film Now

probably most of the people will trend boycott as the dialogue writer HUSSAIN HAIDRY tweeted so much bad for our Hindu dharm...not just 1-2 or but so many...

Plz a film firche suru kariye  kjo sir plz,love from Bangladesh

Read full twiter  on Takht writer ac what He said to Hindus are and then watch Movie like that fucking moveis

If you have courage then show it by releasing <a href="">#BoykottBollywood</a>
Bhai yeh toh release hone se pehle hi FLOP hogya!!!!<a href="">#ChutiyaaaMughalGlorifyingMovieByChutiyaKaranajohar</a>

Movie is shelved its not happening

Wah.. all Aurangzeb's children..
Dharma productions is over now.

Shelved.

Movie will come directly OTT 

Here remove Vicky kaushal and cast Vijay devarakonda as aurangzeb

Where is movie 

Where is this movie ?

Boycott movie 
Waiting for this film ️

Making rok do toh baatar hoga q k movie flop hogi
Who isAuragazeeb roleDharashikov role

Youtube recommendation is the best 

As soon as this movie is released, it seems that it itself will be counted in history. This boycott gang has troubled me. You reach every place.
Im boycotting this one....

Ab galti se bhi release mt kr dena flop ho jayegi

24 12 2022 will pass by
If dara were on throne hindustan would be pataya Thailand🇹🇭 because of prostitution, alcohol, drugs etc good he dint become emperor

Aurangzeb alamgir vs Darashiko  battle of Succestion

Mat lana yeh movie varna janta buri tarah pelegi...
One more flop by Karan Johar and reason is Karan Johar himself.

How many movies KJo had to shelved due to on going controversies about nothingness.

Let's see where the boycott is being planned.
Movie kidhar h
Vicky would be amazing in this

Bycoot dhrma
So my forefathers were this bad

Are these pictures real? What is his name?
Shelved ?

There is no place like this time.
Lol it still didnt release even in 2022.

Cast change karo

What?

Gud film n karan johar is best director
KARAN RELEASE TAKHT!!!!!

Super flop

Casting Vicky in this movie is the best decision of KJo

The biggest flop ever! 
Move with lak baby, saari raat se morning TAKHT baby

Abe Chakke karan tune Mugloo per Jitani Film Banani he Tu banaLe Agar usme Hindu Ko Badnam Kia to Bollywood Ki Kabar Khod Denge<a href="">#BoycottBollywood</a><a href="">#Support_SSR</a>

This wise Karan Johar of BSDK is making movies only on Mughals, he is the master of India, a movie should be made on Maharana Pratap and Vir Shivaji.
Let,s boycott

When will you come?
When is the movie coming?

Good news Coming soon&#39;&#39; in next few weeks....  For Takht

Recently I watched and study exactly it 

Movie khn kj 21 July 2022

I will tell you the time of strength 
I will make it so that I will not leave, I will see it, I will leave it, I will see it.
Thugs of Hindostan Part 2

Will this ever come

Flop

How much did it cost?
Another shitty attempt to glorify Mughals….. BOLLYWOOD SUCKS

Unfortunately movie has been shelved

Can&#39;t wait️️️️️
2022And running...

Iss janam m I don&#39;t think It will be released!..

please try to show the actual truth, instead of some political party made story

I really want to watch this. Where can I watch it? Love vicky kaushal️️️
Kb ayegi ye movie
@dharmaproduction what is the status of the movie yet?
Getting &#39;the empire vibes &#39;

Fulll nepotism ka choda

Don&#39;t we have any History stories before muslim kings got into indian subcontinent.....i mean like... bahaut hogaya yaar... hamesha historic movie matlab muslim kings aur Maratha kings....baas

Want Shahid in Takht movie !!! Kareena is complete justice as JahanAara Begum

Who will stop you from fooling around?
1st voice is vicky and 2nd voice is ranveer.... unfortunately this movie is shelved

Takht Nahi Ise To Kalank 2Hona Hiye
Watch the teaser and remember the Kalank movie
it&#39;s so heartbreaking that the project has been put on hold indefinitely.

This background music is from FIFA 19 

Remove Karan johar Production or we will <a href="">#Boycottkaranjoharfilms</a>

is it hindi version of GOT

still no updates

Is this picture still in the freezer or is it in the freezer?
24.12.2021 release date likha h kon sa planet pe release hua 

Wah... Movie to pichle sal realise ho geya... Wah

Good to know vicky know&#39;s Urdu

December 2021 also continued but still no picture... 
Is it still happening?

Ranveer is king of the historical movie

Initiated to release on 24.12.2021But Now it is currently 2022 And This film Shooting has stopped

When will I come bsdk
Shahjahan ka role Shah Rukh Khan ko milna chahiye waiting for the movie

Still waiting 

Karan Johar 
Where is the movie already 2 yrs gone...

Will this movie even ever be made after Kalank&#39;s disaster?

Ye movie prithvi raj ka record todegi 

To whom has 2 years bad notification been shown?
Why didn't you come till now?
Kalank 2
Where is this movie?
Movie has already been released last year
Kalank 2..?
What&#39;s the update on movie

If I try to show any Mughal as great, the ideology of Bollywood will be completely exposed. Then forget that any Hindu will ever watch a Bollywood movie.
Eat this movie
And it also shows your carelessness

Aree taarikh toh check kar lete, 2021 mae release kaise karoge

RANVEER ...RANVEER

I have just seen
INDIA KI HISTORY HONI CHAHIYE..NAKO MUGHALO KI..

Why I am watching this first time. Plz let me know if you&#39;re too

Date is missing 2021 is 22nd year has passed
Lagta hai sasta GOT ana wala hai

Abe bc release kab karo ge

First voice is Vicky, second is not Ranveer. Who is the 2nd voice?

Where is Takht

Why is YouTube recommending a movie whose teaser was released more than 2 years ago and it&#39;s still not released, even we didn&#39;t have any idea about what happened to the movie afterwards. I hate Bollywood due to these things, this was unexpected

WHY ...? JUST START THE SHOOTING OR DELETE THIS VIDEO 

Takht will go on floor in 2025 &amp; Release in 2026

Bollywood will never back in glorifying Mughals

It's just the star cast.. or the movie too..
Flop

Ye Video Delete Karo yaar. Faltu time waste
Once again super flop cast by karan johan...like jug jugg jyo.... make a movie with Ranbir, SRK, Rajkumar Rao, and Ayushmaan.. bhadwe 
Lol  in between the teaser and release covid happened , marriage happened of Vicky , war happened and let’s see what else more is left

anyone else ?  who is confused... that why YouTube recommend it after 2 year ? 

And how long will we have to wait??
Look at the star cast 

No trace of this movie after 2 years
Now the date 17-06-2022 Dhokha

Brahmastra trailers came but it did not come
Hey, what's this movie?
Why Youtube recommended this video to me in June 2022, and still this movie hasn&#39;t released.

Movie was great.....did you guys like it too?

This movie has not been made till now. Unnlog found out that the movie glorifying the history of invaders was not being made yet.
BAS MUGHAL O KI HI AARTI UTARO TUM LOG....
Bjp release nhi hone degi yh movie
It is necessary to put love in everything, my friend
2.5 years hogaye announcement ko

This movie is shelved

Year 2024 Agle saal hi release hona bye try try but don&#39;tcry

2021 beet Gaya

I am from future and this movie has not released yet .

It is important to fuck the mother of the people of this land and land, it is important for the Mughals to become madharchod tha hiYhi sb madharchod log glorifies them by making movies.
Karan Johar planned for Takht and Indian audience outright scared him not to make it 

Till now no movie has come?
When will this film be released??
That&#39;s it?

Whos here in 2022 

Sale june 2022 aa gya film kab release karoge

Kaha gae movie
Scrapped.

When is this movie coming?

When it will happen

Ye movie ka to pta nhi. Par bichare bollywood valo ne prithviraj, maratha (ranveer, arjun kapoor, ajay devgan), rani padmavati, sabpe movie bna li. Logo ko abhi bhi shikayat hi h 

2 years have passed, 2 more years wait for the trailer, then 2 more years for the movie, total after 2025, Takht will be released.
LGTA HAI DHARMA PRODUCTION KO PATA CHAL GYA SIRF COLLEGE WALA LOVE KUCH KUCH HONE WALA FAMILY WALA DRAMA SE SIRF NHI WALA HAI CHALO SANJAY LEELA BHANSALI AUR SS RAJAMOULI AYR SOUTH AUR WEST KA COMBO PACK BANA KR KUCH DHARMIK TYPE KA DIKHATE TABHI BAAT BANEGI AUD NEPOTISM KO BHI LUNG BUT VILLAIN AUR SIDE PARTS KD LIYE EK DO OUTSIDER LE LUNG TAB NAAM BHI KHARAB NHI HOGA AUR HAR TARAF NAAM HI NAAM MILEGA ???
Read about Dara shikov

Ban movie
Stop glourifying Mughals

if its shelved..it shouldnt ..its high time someone makes a movie with genuine good script but i hope ita not another Mughal Glorified movie..like Mughal e Azam, Jodha Akbar, and the other mughal movies made in past

I was in 9th standard when this got announced  I completed my 12th too....lagtha he ye film mera marriage ke baadh aane waala he

when is this movie coming?
Dabba band movie

what happen to this movie...!!

Phr mughal. No other topic was discussed.
Where is the movie?

 What are you seeing, you have come here, you are here..
And YouTube&#39;s recommending me in 2022



Buzz off ...stop glorifying mughal empire.

What are some historical movies going on for once... everyone is making historical movies.
Ranveer ko chor ke sab star kids

Film kab release karoge

I think Karan should rework on it

Takht

The history of Hindustan is not from the Mughals…it is from the Hindu kingdoms.
Deepika would have been a best choice

The film will flop like Kalank.
Is the movie Takht banned??
Ab to releas date bhi expire ho gayep

2 years have passed since I made this film.
Karan johar&#39;s upcoming flop movie&#39;s
Do you remember this and have to release it too?
Bc shooting has not started yet
Ranvir Singh + History Movie = Perfect Combination very excited 

Still waiting after 2 year 

waiting for this movie starcast come to promote in kapil sharma show️

We are waiting for it ️️
When will you come???
Who&#39;s here in 2022 ?

2 years

When will the movie start?
Still waiting 

Where is the movie it&#39;s June 2022

It&#39;s June 2022. Atleast trailer toh release karo‍️
Abhi hasn't heard about it yet
YouTube Recommended me This Teaser After 2 years Still This Movie Is not Released

So excited for it to release! ️

When will 2022 come?
But still the movie is not released

Legends are still waiting 

Super flop

Bhai sahab Train late ho gayi hai kya aapki. This is June 2022

Arre ye film ab nhi ban rhe naa

Vicky Kaushal as Aurangzeb and Ranveer Singh as Dara Shikho, can&#39;t wait to watch this epic saga

Just get rid of Karan Johar from the bollywood

Why kareena in it?

What happened with this project

I&#39;m from 2024, still this film hasn&#39;t released

Flop

2022 still waiting

I request to u karan don&#39;t take talentless star like janvi and ananya 

I&#39;m thinking it is like gameofthrons

Sasti game of thrones

Yedi Gand's Airngzeb..Yedi Gand's Akbar....Yedi Gand's his son Baap...and Karan Johar who licked his Yedi Gand.
MARATHA MARATHA MARATHA .....Mughal Mughal ..mughaloon ki gand mein. Maratha put her sword in her hand and said, "What are you talking about, Johar?"
It's written 2021
Why doesn't anyone talk about this film?
RanVeer Singh’s Voice delivery and the Tone in the Dialogue is Superrrr se bhi Uparrrr……..Hope Karan Johar,makes Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj-The Maratha Lion King Movie with RanVeer Singh

Why tf is YouTube recommending this to me after 2 damn years?

Releasing date 24/ 12/ 2021 we living in 2022 and this film has been released a year earlier 

Yeh log history ka ek chapter bana rhe.....

Ye movie aayegi v  who&#39;s watching this not so called teaser in 2022

Is this happening ?

Bhai 2021 to gya movie kha hai 

Nice.... loved it
Still not released

When it is releasing 2 yrs had past

Faltu

Boolywood boys make the Mughals very big but their movie will not be a hit.
I m sorry but.  Why they mentioned the date 24.12.2021..

Aaj tk ye movie bni nhi kya ????
Here also promoting mughal empiror <a href="">#bhaihood</a>

This is still here bc
it will start again
this film in the box
Kisi mugal par based hoga

Prithviraj Chauhan's role was also Ranveer Singh, he wanted to meet and had fun.
Why its in my feed now? Its already 2022

Yeh c*tiye mughal ke upar film banana band karo

Still Waiting

.....and where is the movie now

I am just talking about possibilitiesTo gift someone tutti in well decorated boxAfter watching this trailer I felt that But hope it wouldn&#39;t happen ️️️

Ye MUGHAL MUGHAL ko glorify Karna bohot huwa... Make a movie on The AHOMS who were the only ones who resisted their invasion by defeating MUGHALS 17 times 

Maybe by mistake I came a little ahead in time
Nepo. Total nepo spotted
I was desperately waiting to See Aurangzeb Alamgir on screen. Probably the most Famous Mughal Badshah or the most Controversial Emperor in history of Hind ..  this movie called off.

Release hoga ki nahi??

is it shelved?

Yeah give us more mughali bullshit that we don&#39;t even need anymore

Basically a love jihad based film

Brother, where is this movie???
What’s the Update? The movie is running 2 years late

Naam dharma aur kaam mughal history...I want to make more films about my religion.....ladyboy production
where is takht karan?

After hearing ranveer singh voice. I am in ️️
Arre bhai ye film kya 3021 me release hoga?

Kha h movie
Like Kalank, this will also be a flop.
I guess this movie isn&#39;t happening. Heard it got shelved

24/12/2021 movie aai ni sbki shadi phle ho chuki
Aurangzeb character should give to Ranveer &amp; dara shikoh&#39;s to vicky!

Seriously another movie glorifying mughals and aurangzeb??

Where is the gay movie?
Glorify of Aurangzeb 

another movie to glorify invaders and killers like aurangzeb people of india are most delusional

Box close  this film

Is this movie coming or not?
release bhi kro be

This is not banned
Was this shelved??

Please make ranveer singh Allauddin khilji.

Please work on takht movie

Kb hogi release?

This film has been shelved

Karan Johar acche kalakaro ko lijiye Jo sach me acting jante ho

Eiye movie release hogi ya nahi???Waiting eagerly, 2 yrs back announcement ai thi par abhi tak..no official dates, teaser... Please confirm something

You keep Islamizing Bollywood and we will boycott you.
My boycott to Bollywood, which praises the Mughals, boycott boycott Bollywood, we Hindu lovers, salute to South cinema, we support South industry.
Even if you say something wrong or bad, everyone will be happy for the Mughals.
Is me lehle sushant tha 

Eagerly awaiting

KARAN HIRJDA HIRJDO PAR MOVIE RAHA HAI 
Another Flop  kalank

What happened to this movie btw? It&#39;s 2022 now 

Ranveer double dholki
Is film ka dialogue writer anti-hindu haiBoycott Hussain HaidryBoycott Takht
Bhai 2022 is half completed any update. 2021 bole the.

Its not Bollywood…its Urduwood….hence proved

It&#39;s 2022

Dara shikoh!!!
Game of thrones  copy chamchey

Let's see what happens.
Inhone ne to pura star kids hi cast kar liya

Yo wtf?

14.12.21 
This film was not released️
This is shelved now

where is the movie?

Kjo ki gaand faad degi public agar ye mughals ko glorify karne wali movie banai toh 

Mughal king passed by the son of his family and the history of Hindustan became more and more. **But then he did more atrocities on Hindus. This history happened. Even today we are slaves. There is no temple hotel. Sab convert hote.<a href="">#akbar</a> <a href="">#aurangjeb</a>Don't know what to make of Bollywood, just hope it won't be too bad.
Then once again it will be difficult to make Muslims or Mughals wrong...
It will be 2022.
Kalank (2019)Varun, alia, sanjay, madhuri, aditiya, sonakshi -&gt; FlopTakht (202x)Ranveer, kareena, alia, vicky, bhumi, jhanvi, anil -&gt; Flop 2.0
Delete this video now , why are you throwing it away, it will also become a disaster like this.
&quot; This Flim is Shelved&quot;

When will you come?
2022 chalra hai kab karonge release

2022 ab tak nai aya 
It seems like you are getting late
When did you come this movie
Flim Kab release karogay

Release ho gayi kya?

Is this the film in the box or will you make it sir, will you give it some money?
Yee movie flop hee hoogi.....
WOW. All NEPOTISM together

when will this movie come out
It has still not released 

In logon Mughal hi mughal yaad ata h. I don't even know about India's native emperors or kings.
Got

What about this movie

Super Hit ️️
Mughals ko baadnam karne ka tarika

Shah Jahan was the only ruler who spent  crores in building monument or buildings That&#39;s a reason why aurangzeb captured him

I think lot of people will compare tanhaaji with takht In tanhaaji  if we put everything in right it just about conquering or defending the territory Maratha was captured many territory and mughals too so why to emphasize today&#39;s generation that see mughals attack us or captured our territory they are so extreme (it&#39;s about tanhaaji)While seeing Karan  journey was so nice in everything he make like my name is khan or kalank He makes every sentiments neutral

Fake History... Movie... will show 100% truth, there is no limit to these... 
Saab flop hoo gha.......
Aurgazeb Karan, the enemy of Hindus, is a hero for Johar.
Guy, you are still making this movie and you are ashamed of it.
Release date of takht

Yes Aurangzeb&#39;s brother Dara sikoh.Dara sikoh translated Upanishads to urdu. He was real liberal. Aurangzeb was invasive fanatic who was blindly following religion.The good mughal, Dara sikoh&#39;s name nobody knows.The evil mughal, Aurangzeb everyone knows of. Thanks to our worst education system

Apni kabar khudva raha he bollywood aisi movies bnakr.......

Avoid watching this movie and avoid kjo. Jai Hind.Agar sache log ho aur nepotism ke against ho to boy this movie of knp

Vicky is Aurangzeb and Ranveer is his brother in the film.

Supar Hit movie Hit ️
As usual….. love story drama ‍️
3 Saal ho gayi when ayegi movie
Why the hell same same Actors don&#39;t we Have other struggling actors ...who are Sleeping Empty stomach in Mumbai ...to give auditions Day and night ?

Stupid teaser with stupid words, typically libranduo ideology.

Lol  again whitewash attempt of Karan Johar.

These people have posted this on 1st February 2020. 24th December 2021 also started soon. These people forgot that maybe a movie should be made and released.
Flop 
Vicky voice is superb

Vicky great actor
Vicky voice rocks
When you will release movie

Vicky voice
Don&#39;t make movies on Muslim kings please

Dabbe mein gayi movie
Is the movie coming or is this a prank again??
Aaj kl bs yehi ata h
Ab to release krdo

Now this films has been shelved

This movie is shelved

I really miss the Dislike Button, can someone pls bring him back? I really, want to see the number of dislikes this movie can get. Probably, would have beaten Aliya Bhat&#39;s Sadak 2 in the number of dislikes, especially after the release of The Kashmir Files and the awakening it bought along with it. So, SAD.

Casting didn't happen to me
Aa kb rhi h??
I don’t think he can direct good movies . He just makes shit and feeds people . Bollywood sucks and makes worst movies. Pseudosecular portraying movies are blood of Karan johar. Now they will show Aurangzeb as great warrior as he has no knowledge on history and he makes shit films

Movie has been shelved, buget issues

Get ready for facing boycott if you will glorify Mughals.

When will the movie release ?

Yeh movie release nhi hoga kya

How dumb can you guys be at least educate yourself on a topic you are making a film on. Don&#39;t put ayats on chairs muslim leader don&#39;t turn their backs to ayats. Jahil log

Where are you? Is it 2022?
still waiting for trailer

Puri line Urdu me last word Hindi me .ya to Puri line hindi ho ya Puri liye Urdu ho.....hindustan ki tarikh.....Ya Bharat ka itihaas bolo
funfact:24-12-2021 gone but movie not made and release till date.

What is this another mugal bullshit

A Cinematic Universe made by historical event Like Battle of the Hydaspe , Battle of Saraighat etc

I think it&#39;s shelved? Isn&#39;t it true?

24/12/21 ho chuki....Nepotism k chaltae nhai aayi ye movie!
Very good <a href="">#Guddikumarrecipes</a>

Movie band hogayi ab nai aane wali hai, dharma production has dropped the film.
1st feb of 2022 is not coming
Later mughals after Aurangzeb were so degenerate that we even don&#39;t want to learn abt them in history

Where was the movie?
Renamed as NEPOTISM

Movie to thande baste mein chali gyi

super flop

I cant explain how excited I am for this only for Vicky kaushal ️

bhul gaye shayad
Looks like he flopped and deleted it before it became real.
24 dec 2021 - Do you update phunk 
Where is this movie?

Really wanna see Dara shikoh and his sisters on big screen..Super excited..

Very good

Mr.karan johar plzzzzzzzz we want this movie 

Bahut hi do kaudi ka teaser tha....

The throne shown at <a href="">0:17</a> is not looking like MOGHUL THRONE.  Symbol on throne is correct (Mughal Lion) . Film makers should pay attention to each and every aspect of that time. As this film depicts Mughal Empire during Emporer Shah Jahan, Famous Peokock throne was present that time so Peokock throne must be there in movie. The Mughal thrones were oftenly called  The THRONE OF HINDUSTAN .

What is it brother? What are you forgetting?
Today is 24th December. Brother, where is your throne?
shame this got cancelled

i just randomly clicked on the video and saw today the movie was suppose to release

What happened brother Bhul Gaye, today is 24th December..
Super ️️️
Movie????

Movie kb realise hoge ?
24 December 2021 ko Release hogi... 

Ranveer&#39;s voice oh man
Which of our sorrows is there to see the valley like Nile river?
When did he come?
Vicky and ranveer

Ranveer voice is Amazing something incredible voice

Ranveer sounded like kaaaa

Khel Takhatva Ka (GoT Bhojpuri Remake)
 from 
This movie has been shelved.

Bullywood trying very hard to break the records of Bahubali and KGF by including such a huge star cast and big budget. But the reality is there is no better story and screenplay only ‍️

Nonsense filthy movies trying to glorify the Mughal tyrants. Fuck this shit.

Can&#39;t wait to see Vicky

Lots of love making scenes

Game of thakt:)

Kalank

Im excited for Kareena :P

Lol

Delayed

Mughals are making movies now yaar...you need to feel shame...
Waiting for Takat

When will it release???

Karan johar ne director bante he movie liya kareena kapoor ko ranveer ke opposite . True nepotism. As we know karan and kareena kapoor khan  are  CLOSE friends

I AM SURE, Kareena Kapoor has inspired Karan Johar to give me work with Ranveer Singh. Tell the director to produce that movie as soon as possible.
Means Ranveer Singh is again villain.

I&#39;m so done with this Mughal shit bro

I wish this film was banned.
Dec 2021 ......AnyBody Here Like 
Aur 9 din bache h ..or kuch pata thikana nhi h 

Wow.. bhai Ranveer, please take advice from Ranbir.
So excited only 1 week to go 

okk I&#39;m waiting for 24-12-2021 

1 week left for this movie

Now 12 days are left as per your release date, Lagta Nahi us date aaegi
When this movie will release?

Don&#39;t worry guys KJO confirmed that he&#39;s gonna start takht right after rocky aur rani ki prem kahani

The bgm sounds like the kgf bgm

6,ke

Sir it&#39;s already Dec  is this movie gonna release on 24 Dec or its delayed 

I think yeh movie ab nahi banne wali  karan johar official gave a statement on this

The one who is not born with love, gets fed up with love and is the wife of Rasulallah, which means she also gets love but with the help of love.
ranveer bhai jaldi aao
All librandu and siculars in one movie bch.. beat thatJai mahakaal

You don't want Kalank2.0 hai piya ?????????????????????
Wowwwww. One month left only for this masterpiece 
To bharat ka itihaas hi nahi hota sab mit gaya hota Sick bullywood promoting mughals 
<a href="">#RAJPUTS</a> Kab b Nehathai(WITHOUT WEAPONS) p Attack ni krtai h. &amp; Mohmad GAURI ask for LIFE MERCY to SAMRAAT. SAMRAAT FORGIVE him. &amp; MAHARANI SANYOGITA Perform JOHAR WITH FELLOW Women&#39;s. The History shown by Nehru party &amp; Written in NCERT BOOKS R Entirely WRONG. MAHARAJ Rajput SAMRAAT PRITHVI RAJ CHAUHAN JI ne Mohmad gauri ko 17 baar DEAFEAT &amp;  MAAF ( FORGIVE) kiya.. &amp; At last mohd guri nai  Dhokhai( Consipercy)say with the help of Jaichand  deafeat kiya. But then also At last vijay jeet SAMRAAT PRITHVI RAJ CHAUHAN JI KI HUI THI.

If this mughalo hero shows up to villian then who will be there?
Wow nice dialogue

Ye movie ab nhi bnegi.. band ho gyi..

Loke padmavat and bajirao i hope this movie will also kill it

Karan Johar, you can direct the film, you just invest money and call an experienced director and get the film directed, please        
Chalo dosto hum SAB milkar iss gud ki Film Ko super duper flop of the year banaye taki ye Karan Johar gud Ko samajh me aaye k Sushant Singh Rajput jaise deserving actors Ko boycott karne par kaisa lagta hai Love SSR

Who will see this in shutting up the fools?
Please tell Ranveer to rework his voice it&#39;s sounding very irritating he&#39;s trying to play a noble soul tell him to underplay it a bit. Vicky Kaushal&#39;s voice texture is outstanding tell Ranveer to learn from him

Bakwass

I&#39;m not gonna spend a single rupee of my hard earned money on these filthy rich people. Again Muslim glorification of Bollywood. And Government also gave them Padmasree for a little bit of revenue. And Maharashtra government supports these anti nationals. How can you tolerate a person like Karan Johar? Who supports only starkids? Who provokes good people to commit suicide by joking and bitching and laughing about them in a personal show of his? Those episodes in you tube keeps the comment section off do you know that? Karan Johar will teach us Aurangzeb? Haha what a joke man and you guys will also spend to watch this movie? How can you forget things so easily? I can&#39;t believe it seriously This Vicky Kaushal is also marrying Katrina to make his position strong in the lobby. I&#39;m very happy that Sardar Uddham didn&#39;t go for Oscar. It would never make to the Oscar. Oscar management isn&#39;t stupid. Glorifying British tyranny. What&#39;s the use of it now after so many years? Punjabis are good people that&#39;s why they didn&#39;t protest. Otherwise like Padmavat Vicky Kaushal&#39;s nose would have been cut by now Do Shivaji no. Why Bollywood till date didn&#39;t do Shivaji? Show how the large Aurangzeb used to tremble with fear sitting in Delhi hearing the name of a kid. You should make Shivaji no. We are very interested to see a story on Shivaji you know. Please make it.

Already boycotted boycott bollywood boycott Canadian actors

, Om namah shivaya ::    ! Ram Ram 
Prohibit all those Karan Johor , alia and DRUGIST and company...And take revange for Sushant Singh death...

It's a good idea
Hari om ;:: Raba rabeaa
Om namah shivaya ::
Flop flop flop actor <a href="">#boycottkareenkapoorkhan</a>

Jihadi's jihadi movie
Movie has been cancelled

This will be a big flop... write it

Khatam tata bye bye
hahhahahahahahahahahsh Bakwash
Only Good actors are not necessary otherwise Befikre would have been masterpiece It&#39;s all about DIRECTOR and I know karan Johar will not match 1% of Sanjay leela bhansali OR SS rajamauli

Oh this is directed by karan johar

Be real this time, it will be much awaited movie,  be real about rivalry between Dara shikoh n aurangzeb

Yeah and the same takth was behind jassa singh ahluwalias horses and was draged in mud and gasiet kar laya gaya amritsar

what has been said will make you strong
Not going to watch

Boycott charsiwood

Karan Johar already knew about Corona
This Film has been Sacked..

At least now people will now about Dara Shikoh .... And what could have been

Who is playing the role of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, Tejbahadur ji and Chhatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj in this movie??
Darma not Adharma Production

Maha jhatu...poori pyaar muhabb wali bakchodi hogi ye...farzi
<a href=""> href="">#Bycottbollywood</a>

Hindu people are so happy in the comment section as if the Mughals have not troubled their ancestors. Why do you know by doing Jajiya? How Sikhs converted Hindus. How many thousands of Hindus were killed. Please see comment section 
Karan Johar's film will be less of a thriller and more of a love story....
Are they going to make this movie or not?

Who is the composer

I thought the first voice was of Aamir Khan.

Hi

Bhansali ko thappad pade the... Ye  yaad rakhna sirf

Spiderman no way home dekhunga

In Karan's movie there was no need to keep anyone else, there was no hint of nepotism.
No one seems to sigh except this beloved Janhvi.
Literally chutiya bana diya audience ko

Takht e taus don&#39;t look like this it was the costliest takht in the world history with kohinoor daimond

Its  shelved now.Tata bye bye ! Khatam 

Whatever may happen, but do not delve into the history…do not show even a little bit of history to please some religion…
When is it releasing

Launching some new starkids

Why??? Plss make this one....

I am boycotting every movie of karan jouhar led dharma production ......justice for shushant ...

Boycott

Sab star kid yehi ghusead do 

K Jo&#39;s Kalank time ..has begun with release of Kalank film  still  going on .....

so ye film cancel hone ke baad inhone rocky aur rani banane ki sochi

 Rajput Nizam Scindia Peshwa Sikh Jat who licked the feet of British rule during BJP rule. Became great. In real history, Pratap, who was defeated by Akbar, became brave and victorious and the books are being written with false stories. Great history of the country for the coming generations. To hide it by giving it the color of religion to suit one's political gains is to hurt the unity of the country.
 Rajput Nizam Scindia Peshwa Sikh Jat who licked the feet of British rule during BJP rule. Became great. In real history, Pratap, who was defeated by Akbar, became brave and victorious and the books are being written with false stories. Great history of the country for the coming generations. To hide it by giving it the color of religion to suit one's political gains is to hurt the unity of the country.
 Rajput Nizam Scindia Peshwa Sikh Jat who licked the feet of British rule during BJP rule. Became great. In real history, Pratap, who was defeated by Akbar, became brave and victorious and the books are being written with false stories. Great history of the country for the coming generations. To hide it by giving it the color of religion to suit one's political gains is to hurt the unity of the country.
sad vibes all around.. what a loss this got shelved:(

This film has been shelved

Another Kalank
L lagaye

This film is not going to be made now
Is this project is shelved ?

Meanwhile everyone is starkid 

I hope this movie gets made, the story this movie is based on is really tailor made for a hit if the script is properly executed

Still can&#39;t believe that it&#39;s been shelved 

Ranveer singh As DARA Sikhoh . Vicky Kaushal as  Aurangzeb

Mughals toh abb history ki books se hi out hone wale hai ,dont treat them as heroes ,they were looteras

The movie has been shelved permanently

Now this project has been closed.
Why do we need to make movies on mughals, those baetards and invadersI literally don&#39;t understand why we are making movies on those bastards and showing people and why to portray them as great and good people,..They were worst and brutal,so why to make movies on those absurds

Karan johar destroy sushant sir career
Boycott dharma production and boycott Karan johar

RIP karan johar
what about this movie karan this is your dream movie, so do it and we are waiting

We are not interested in seeing nepo kids...

If there would be kk menon, Manoj bajpayee or pankaj tripathi then ye movie hit hoti...

This will be super flop movie Wish you very bad luck Karan 

Very worst teaser like Karan johar face 

I am waiting for this movie

In this film only main character of vicky kaushal as aurangjeb....

Movie bnd ho gyi kya?

Will this flim not be released??

Only For Vicky Kaushal Potrayal Of Aurangazeb ️

Another disaster on the way...

History of Hindustan: Islam happened and did...
Nepotism king

Only for bhumi

<a href="">#nepotisim</a>

Will be dumb over acting karan gayhoar movie

Here come the Bollywood people to make Aurangzeb a hero. This is never going to get better
waiting for <a href="">#TAKHT</a>

Vicky aaurangjeb.... &amp; Ranveer dara Shiloh
When will the trailer be released ??? I am waiting from 1st February



Soo excited to see Karan Sirr will Direct the amazing and blockbuster movie 

<a href="">#justiceforsusanta</a>

DARA SIKO.......................... finally. the most dangerous talented king

Plz don&#39;t bring any shitty love story again I really wanted to see Bollywood making films on real historical heroes, events and mythology

Another bollywood movie playing with history....... Just show the history as it is. As ranveer is given the role of dara sikoh, I&#39;m pretty sure he is going to be glorified and aurangzeb will be shown as he was nothing..... Just waiting for it!

Shalved???

Waiting for this movie

Movie Is Closed - Remove Teaser , Not Coming 

Another chutiyapa coming from GAYran johar

##<a href="">#BOYCOTT</a> KHANS AND KARAN JOHAR. BOYCOTT BOLLYWOOD

DISLIKE DHARMA PRODUCTION MOVIES FOREVER ARE HARAMKHORRR ITNE LIKES KYUN DE RAHE HO IN CHUTIYO KE MOVIES PAR.. BHOOL GAYEE SUSHANT KO KYA BE

Its films are also like that.
Movie kab hogi release

Superb

Bollywood Thought this type of historic Movies at a large scale..After South Indian Movies Shows their Creativity, Contents &amp; Power to world... Thanks to South Movies.... Otherwise Bollywood would have just making money, .... I&#39;m Sorry But That&#39;s the Truth...Love <a href="">#yash</a><a href="">#prabhas</a>

Super excited so many of my favorite actors waiting for the trailer

I&#39;m waiting for this movie ️ .....it&#39;s being a blockbuster movie.....when   it&#39;s will release??....

Why is Sushant fans only targeting Karan Johar and not Mahesh Bhatt and Rhea Chakraborty don&#39;t they  believe that Sushant had talent that could overcome all the star kids performance

People criticizing Alia Bhatt should know that though she is a nepo  kid she has done justice to many roles in movies like Raazi ,Highway, gully boy ,2 States

Excited especially  for ranveer energy 

The movie title seems like it&#39;s the bollywood version of GOT

The most awaited film please give Brahmastra updates

Now the film box is gone, it will never come again.
Sab log apni ideology ko side mai rakho aur atchi movie bani te to usko jam ke support karo

Another pandemic at the end of this year.. history will be fucked hard this time

Karan Johar will not tolerate all the nepotism for the sake of Vicky and Bhumi
Waiting for this one ️

<b>Kalank 2</b> 

Will the movie be canceled sir? Will the Dharma be equal?
We will not watch Saale Karan's movie..Tune Maara Sushant...
Flop hogi superflop
I really want this to happen soon n I feel it wouldn&#39;t sink as kalank did cause this is something factual and that was all made up which failed to connect with people, been so excited for takht ever since

Looking forward to this movie

Excited ️️
Ahh movie is going to be awesome..Aurangzeb Vs Darasikoh..
Waiting for takth

Ranveer&#39;s voicejust love it

Without freedom there is no love, if u see the era of aurangazeb and Mughal, they were against humanity due to there selfishness.  Karan Johar will spoil the history of Hindu freedom fighter due to worst personality on the planet like Aurangajeb and Mughal.  His dharama production is only money oriented and not real story based. Hope people will start living real live and not the reel life. Read the real life story of great King like Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, Maharana Prataj, Ashoka, Krishnadevraya, Chandragupta Maurya, Prithviraj and Rani Of Jhansi. These kings are real example of love to Mother of this land. Sabakoa proud banahai humare real Hindu kings kai story padake, naa ki falatu story sunakai karan johar jaise bana hai.

Expecting a lot from ranveer His voice in this teaser is amazing 

We intellectual audience are desperately waiting for this movie <a href="">#Takht</a> <a href="">#Dharma</a> <a href="">#talentedstars</a> ️

Karan your Next Period Film should be Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj-The Maratha King———RanVeer Singh will the best choice for King Shivaji— Shefali Shah as JiJaMata...... King Shivaji’s father Shahaji’s Role ..?.Anil Kapoor??Team up with Ashutosh Gowarikar or Bhansali—-No Love Story ——Just Shivaji, Shahaji,Jija Mata, Tanaji,Afzal KhanMany Marathi movies were made with Marathi Actor Surya Kant-Chandrakant.......

I love watching Karan Johar movies...They take us to the Dream World...I loved Kalank  .....️RanVeer,Vicky Kaushal, Alia,Janhvi,Anil, Kareena .....Brilliant Excellent Powerful Energetic Cast... I am looking forward to this mega movie.....glad Dull Dumb Deepika is not here ....well when Alia, Janhvi,Kareena are on Screen who would even look at Deepika

Tatti Films. Teacher Nepotism. Boycott.
Boycott Bollywood and Dharma Productions...... As they boycotted Kartik Aaryan the self made superstar..<a href="">#SupportKartikAaryan</a>

Boycott!!!

I want Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj in this movie 
Please Karan your production house has been accused of distorting history and facts. Make it a drama no issues but please do consider the history too. Hope this film will not disappoint any community&#39;s religious and ideological beliefs.

Dara sikhoh ko khete the ek haath mein Geeta to dushre hath mein quaran. Kafi peace loving intellectual tha. Is movie kaisa history change krte hain ye dekhna hai

I want to this see movir

In this teaser the throne shown in gurjar pratihaar style not mughal they should have shown the peacock throne

This movie is cancelled

This project is cancelled

Friends please dont watch this movie it is based on aurangzeb and they will glorify this inhuman 

Why to waste time watching dharma production .....same old fasioned gheesi peeti love stories......better watch tollywood and hollywood.....other meaningful bollywood movie.

Bollywood jangli janvaro ka ghar haiKuch chipke war karte hai kuch samne se musalmano prSabYaadRakhaJayega

Johar and gang will absolutely showing false fact for their sanghi dogs

We want takht

This is not even a teaser,kya dekhu isme mein?? Chair ko dekhu for 33 seconds?

Ranveer Singh should play the role of Orangzeb
History is interesting. And takht is best among all ️

Awesome! heavy dialogues 

Kalank 2

Game of thrones hindi️️️
Wow
Karan Johar's movie is fooled and it
THAKT, SHAMSHER, PRITHIVIRAJ WAAH Pura Mughal Uth Ka Hain
In this also the glory of Mughal will be diminished.
Ranveer Kapoor should be given the role of Aurangzeb.
Who is here after hearing that movie has been shelved

Ste step, step step, step stepMaharasssssJagadpatigajaAshwapatibhupatiprajapatisuvarnaratnashripatiAshtavadhanajagrutaAshtapradhanaveshtitnyayalankaramandatashastrastrashastraparangatarajanitidhurandharpraudhapratappurandarakshatriyakulavatansasinghasanadhishwaramaharajadhirajarajashivachatrapati maharajancha victory be 
This film has been shelved 

I am excited to see this film

Takht = Throne Throne = TakhtSo it&#39;s family battle for takht (throne)It means &quot;game of thrones&quot; .......

I am dying to watch this movie. Mr. Johar go for it.

Ramveer can play a role of villain very well

Even Delhi's takht is moved by Maharashtra
Abb toh film aah hi nhi rhi
Hi

This should be made no matter what

BOYCOTT

Badaa Aanand Praapt Huaa Ye Sunkar Ki Ye takht Palat Gayaa.
A harsh lesson will be taught to these actors....no matters whatever the movie it is all the kapoors and Khan&#39;s movies will be boycotted<a href="">#Justice</a> 4 SSR

If Karan had to be boycotted then why not Bahubali? Karan Johar in Northern India, the doctor came to Bahubali, but no one told him that he was bad, so everyone said this 
Takht ka rasta apno ki tabut se hokar jataThis particular line is the reason behind pandemic 

Kalank 2.0

This movie is cancelled

Hollywood film ,south film and korean film are much better than this flop star movie with no message lol

Film Cancel ho gai️
Anti national and anti Hindu writer , ki picture ka dabba gul

Boycott dawoodiwood
We ll all come here to dislike

Movie canceled 

Now the movie is shelved permanently 

Takht is no more 

Film shelved . after releasing teaser

So finally this movie is cancelled

We won&#39;t watch

This is just a crappy version of the famous Game Of Thrones with the crappy Bollywood kids!! <a href="">#boycottkaranjohar</a>

Sushant bhai ko bhi ki aad klo bhiyon
Boycott

Jai Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj
Love emperor aurangazeb
Loser Dara Shikoh
Tell me one thing Karan sir, will you show how Aurangzeb killed Dara Sikhs?
BOYCOTT TAKHT # Justice for Sushant..Let&#39;s  show these guys.. what we public can do... Karan Johar  you Moron.. how dare you Promote Mughals!!!This is a Hindu phobic movie  Boycott ###

kalank 2]

Who is here after dharma production releases comment of something big 

I was waiting for like this movie for years .....Finally,Thank You Karan Sir...And Thank You Dharma Productions!!!

thedirtybollywoodachetelanthamaretelent tunahibanegarajatugaribhigaribgandelog      
Ranveer is a good actor but karan johar continously putting nepo kids yha bhi sare nepo kids hai

flop hogi
Sare charsi eksath flim me wow

Wah!Kya Powerful teaser hai...Goosebumps!!!!

Super duper flop always
super excited
Boycott please.

Waiting for dislike...not interested to see nepotism products 

I swear this looks like a bollywood game of thrones

Mughal are not shaan of hindustan

Future most dislike video in the world

Unlike tournament
I don&#39;t know why I didn&#39;t like it
