This guy very generous to give 2 out of 5. I will give less than one. Movie is off the track before 1st half itself. Waste of time.

He looks like cousin of boria majumdaar.

2 stars is too much Rajeev. It doesn&#39;t deserve anything more than ZERO. There might not be any film made in whole history of Cinema with such a rubbish incoherent screenplay. Race 3 is like a Comedy movie where you will laugh at its action sequences and meaningless dialogues. But ZERO is just Pure Cringe and shit.

Kat nailed it love here🖤💖

He sounds like a 13 year old girl

The only positive is this movie is just a better than Jani Dushman (both).

Shukar Karo 1 yaa 1.5 nahi diya🤣🤣

Kahin kahin par.kuch comedy scene par kaafi hasi aayi. Magar baap re baap kitni vaahiyaat movie hain. Paheli baar Sharukh khan ki movie itni sadeli lagi hain mujhe. Khan saab ab in real aap chaud dau is type ki movies...You look much better even now in character roles. I loved your character in love you jindgi.

katrina kaif&#39;s performance is optimum

Liar liar pants on fire . Movie was a blunder

2 out of 5 for 0 That sounds different

Not fair

very bad story acting was poor by everyone worked in this movies I just waste my time to watched this movie.

Movie is Shit after first 25 minutes

Wo din dur nhi jab round table pe south wale aayenge.... Abhi to ye mota nepotism product review karta hai

I m from Kerala I saw this movie very late because of negative comments... But I was wrong... This Movie is awesome. Really Bollywood will regret for this movie after 10 yrs.Not many Hollywood movies are made in this genre. You tube spoilers (reviewrs) really degraded this movie. Those who missed this movie... U really  missed  a good Hollywood movie... Hatts off to entire teamOf ZERO😍 from Kerala...

I will give ZERO for you critics

Where is KGF review sir ?

Where is the review for KFG Rajeeev Masand ? you have critic  every film after and before kgf ? what about kgf ?

...Yaar Aafia was a reputed scientist in a space organization ...us ka portfolio meerut k ek matrimonial agency me kyun aur Kya KR raha Tha ???? 😂😂

Yaar why did Rohit shetty scheduled his Simmba on 28th December?? Just to put a dent on Zero?? Irrespective of the final outcome, what was his intention? Christmas big movie k aagay koi apni film nai lagata ..we have been watching this for so many years...phir kyun Kya esa Rohit ne?Even if Zero had done well, Simmba would have slowed down it&#39;s progress just after one week ...

Watch KGF ...A MOVIE WHICH CHANGED THE FACE OF INDIAN FILM INDUSTRY.. THAT TO WITHOUT ANY  VFX EFFECTS  ...A COMPLETE BLOCKBUSTER MOVIE

problem is , bollywood thinks viewers are stupid that they can get away wid it.....

Biggest mistake by Anand l Raj and srk is this amazing movie should have been made 10years later. for some ignorant critics and some ignorant people this movie is beyond their understanding.

Now scripts and talent count.. not name only

Who is taller Baua Singh or Rajeev Masand?

Okay...You are Not Satisfied with movie story...but what about performance, Music, VFX and Technology, Choreography and many other..You are just judge a hard work of number of persons..and you just say,.........very sad..you have to talk on the all scenerio.🙏🙏🙏

Sir please review KGF

bakchod critics

Hey! KGF REPORT?

It just broke my heart after watching zero😒 never expected srk will come up with a movie like this 🤦🏻‍♀

Just got back from the cinema after watching this. His review is a little unfair. They didn&#39;t throw everything at the wall to see what sticks they showed his passion, his determination his love for someone. He went &quot;to the moon and back&quot; for the one he loved.  The whole movie is far fetched obviously but that&#39;s what was good about it. It was an adventure in the life of Baaoa (probably spelt wrong). Defo a 4/5 👍

I was sure that the movie will be gonna super flop🤦🏻‍♀🙄 wasted my time 😒

Is there any specific reason for not reviewing KGF? :-)

You know what dude, I am sitting in L.A. and thinking the way the movie is made is astronomically good, the effects are incredible. At par what we do in hollywood. Coherently your review sucks, you shouldn&#39;t critic movie period. I am rating you on your skill level - 1/5 star

<b>it&#39;s actually a good movie</b>

Movie is superb..you should go and watch the movie again..

My question to rajeev masand is: why dint you review KGF?

Where is kgf review!!?? Ek film kya aa gayi sabki fat gayi.

Pls do KGF review...

Where is KGF review boss?

Shittiest SRK movie ever.

These review is too subjective, no balancing betwen (+) and (-) values of the movie...shame...

My logic is very simple..yes,there is some problem in zero.but not that much.after all we r talking about one n most idiotic emotion,love.i came to see that tha directors were selling a dream,where everything can happen.My final line-If u want to fall in love for love,go n watch zero.If u want to keep faith in love without thinking risks,realities and possibilities go n watch zero.

Plz make a review on KGF

Pls review <a href="">#kgf</a> movie

You review all shit movies this year but not give a review on the best movie of the year (K.G.F.) why ??

You deserve &quot;throwing shoes&quot; for this type of review...u gave it 2stars   as much as u gave for thugs of Hindustan...how ridiculous can someone be!! Atfirst tighten the screws of ur head then do criticize.  <a href="">#negativepublicity</a> <a href="">#paidreview</a>

This joker has not given his review yet on KGF . Looks like he is a controlled critic

I can’t believe that even after the tight slap given by South Indian film industry, Bollywood is still sleeping.

Rajeev sir see , Thats your point of view , Now this is your wish either you see positive side of Zero Or Negative side....!!!! , plz Don&#39;t mind too...!!

Movie is a 4/5 star all day long and a very good watch. If we go onto making reality movies then forget cinema altogether! Then Hollywood movies might aswel pack their bags. Its a simple rom com movie. If u are looking for movies based on a true story then stop watching movies so you can stop your dead reviews

Stupid and dead review. Movie is awesome. Nothing pleasing people these days, they like shit and hate good. Infact they just spoilt pathetic people...attention seekers who know nothing about a good movie. Cant people just appreciate watching a movie these days rather than looking for faults to write and talk shit about.

He is not fair with his review.... I saw zero and enjoyed it thoroughly.. all bullshit review.  I give negative 2 for Rajeev Masand&#39;s review....!!!!

a mile stone movie in bollywood history. now throw the stone

KGF is blockbuster,  zero and Simba together makes zero

Where is kgf review

why you didn&#39;t do review for KGF

Rajeev ji plz review on K. G. F

Review kgf

This review irritatated me that much can&#39;t even imagine to watch the movie.😝

Pls watch KGF and give review.

Thanks Rajeev, you continue to keep up credibility of your review by being honest, yet again.

You are an overly critical man not realising  how ur review can affect someone’s movie!! How it can ruin someone’s hard work and the money too!! It’s not important to have everything perfect in a movie ,nobody is perfect!!U bunch of critics ruin everything just for the sake of ur channel to work!!First look at urself ,observe and criticise urself then make reviews

Sorry srk but KGF ke yodha nai yudh jeet liya hai🔪🔫

Hi Rajeev sir  I always watch your reviews, you give honest  reviews. These reviews are only for Bollywood &amp; Hollywood Movies, you dont want to review any other Indian language movie.. why this kind of partiality, that too KGF released in Hindi also &amp; it is making so buzz in social media &amp; it is getting awesome response across  all the 5 languages. If you have this kind of partiality mind i dont want to follow you anymore.

<a href="">#OneWordReview</a> Well played people...u guys have successfully degraded &quot;<a href="">#ZERO</a>&quot; to promote <a href="">#SIMMBA</a>, u don&#39;t need any logic for <a href="">#Simmba</a> as it is an entertainer but while watching <a href="">#ZeroMovie</a> how can u miss the logics.  Hatsoff, u critics and pity u, the audiences....

Sir why are you not reviewing the movie &#39;KGF&#39;?

Who are here after seeing menxp review

please give your review on KGF

Why no review on kgf by this cirtics

No review on kgf

ye steamed momo ke wajah se maine ye film miss karne wala tha..  Script me logic nahi hai.. Script utna accha nahi hai, true. lekin baaki mainstream bollywood movie chodke Anand L Rai, Shahrukh Khan kuch alag karne ka try toh kiya hai. Effort dekho yaar..  Everyone even katrina did her role nicely in this movie. Movie ko nahi, aapka ye review ko 2* milna chaiye..I don&#39;t have much deeper understanding in movies, but I don&#39;t think this movie as bad as this review projects. Dekh sakte ho yaar. Akela 20-30 gunda logo ko hara denese zyada logic milega  ;D

Seriously it was a dumb movie no sequence matched the previous sequence in any logic

I am not Shahrukh Khan fan but liked the movie. The movie was enjoyable even for the second half, true some parts of the movie were not scientifically correct like a return of Bauua Shing after 15 years but emotions were right till the end. Also, the movie was little too much for the Indian audience.  It will be the drawback of the movie if  Bauua Shing doesn&#39;t go to Mars. For me, the movie is above average.  rating 3.5.

Rajeev please review KGF

your rating is shit...i personally think the effort provided in the movie is quite amazing with the VFX. And the characters displayed is well acquainted/ portrayed .

Review KGF movie Mr.Rajeev Masand, is there any reason or anybody behind it for not reviewing the movie.

Why cant you believe in the magic of the screenplay , why does everything need to be ultra realistic, Its not a bio pic and neither is it a nonsensical rohit shetty or farah khan movie you know what i mean, theirs a balance, and their was a magic in this film and in Fan and that was the lastt ime since Don 2

You are a hypocrite u didn&#39;t review a good movie KGF and u r reviewing this stupid Zero movie just because it&#39;s sharukh khan.

Do a KGF review......

How much have u been paid to not review KGF.

I liked it, it is a good movie.everything he said was from his stomach or maybe his taste is different. lol. i think, it was better than Om shanti Om .

Agreed

Incorrect review... it’s a good movie.. why can’t people understand that one can be disabled, intelligent and may have a job in NASR??

Kuch log kahenge badhaai ho aur andhadhun ki toh story bhi achi thi aur bollywood ki bhi films thi vo vo kaise hit hui..vo aise hui kyu ki vo kisi khan ki film nhi toh haters aur stardom ka factor nhi tha..paid critics☝️☝️ nhi bole kuch aur saath mein ek faltu south ki &quot;action&quot; movie ka release nhi tha..

Story mein change acceptable nhi hai toh seedha bol do ki hume pakki pakai khichdi chahiye..uske Alva agar kuch alag hua hai toh vo tum logo ke liye tatti hai..haa..ki naa..persona bna liya hai ki bollywood ki movie aur story mein new things ke saath, naye concept ke saath chahiye hee nhi hume toh action de do hum khush hai..lekin nayi stories different from others naah not my type..

Zero.. perfect name for a flop movie!

Bullshit review

Muje to Bhai pasanad aeee duniyaa daree....g****d marree....realism aur logic ka itna hi chaska hai to study scientific books ..we have gone to the cinema to jus get mesmerized in the virtual world and keep getting engaged and entertained...so zada Gyan kripya na hi chodee...

But I think Anushka acted much more better than Katrina

rip shahrukh <a href="">movie.rip</a> bollywood/ public chutya mt samjo abhi..ab tm chutya ban gye ho//zero category movie logic less bakwass

THis guy havent watched KGF yet wow interesting jealous of south doing name????

better to watch porn movie than zero

Review KGF soon

Expecting review of KGF

Review KGF

Proclaimed romance/love/opening arms what other charactors he can play convincingly without graphics? After half a century these Khan&#39;s should stop claiming their established market for selling the same rotten formulae again &amp; again. Complete waste of time n . Becoz of them Hindi cinema is tagged as &quot;Bollywood&quot; which has no originality in the whole world. Just colorful songs, dance without reality

Ek number Gandu movie hai Zero

I wasted my money. I should have given that money in charity. Time tau zaaya hua he hua.

Dangggg this man has amazing verbal skills!

Abey chutiye, KGF review kar

What a Political Jerk, By skipping Review of KGF, Shows your True Colors

Rajeev Masand where is the true review?Kyun gala fhad raha hai zhoot bolke?

I just don’t understand his Bollywood manages to screw up so badly a movie that started off well and had a potential beautiful love story. But instead it turned into an utter crap nonsense of him becoming an astronaut. Seriously you got our emotions in the first half but totally blew that with sheer nonsense

Spoil not review

2 🌟 kaise de diye 0 Milne chaiye

Still no time to review KGF or waiting for SRK permission ? Scared of Khan t.......... ?

Yeh Banda Jay Leno ki copy karta Hain ek number ka Zero to yeh hain, Unoriginal, Feku. Chair pe bhaite bhaite Chips packet ki tarah packet main bus huwa Hain andhar chips hi nahi.Isse behetar Katrina Kaif ki acting

Koi btayegaa kya he ye zero.Ye log kha aate he... Film banane ke baad dobara dekhte he kya??? Jhatuest film i have ever seen.... Bhai duniya ka time aur apna time kyo brbaad kr rhe ho.. Chlo pese kee to koi baat nhee he... At leasg khee he kuch seekh lo kuch bhee bna dohe ese hee.... Pagal khee ke

Even the review is boring.

<b>Guys for min</b> don&#39;t blame the acting skills of SRK. Mai SRK fan na hote hue bhi ye danke ki chott pe kehta hoo ki SRK is a fantastic actor but at the end his movies doesn&#39;t work because of his of choice regarding scripts. And please don&#39;t go mad over Actors or stars;rather promote content 🙏

Review KGF dude!!!

Why don&#39;t you review KGF? I am waiting for it since it was released. Please do it

kgf review...

Log yha review dekhne aaye hain mai deta hu review- movie achchi hai jao dekh kar aao.But as this has said some fantastic English words so tmlogo ko meri baat to smjh me aayegi nhi

&quot;Somebody said a truth! Media of now days is just a place to miss guide people!&quot; Great job peoples you are truly deserve to tolled as fourth pillar of democracy.

and i would give zero

film critics can&#39;t completely judge value &amp; identify the effort each actor puts in his/her role. Zero is a completely entertaining movie! What else is the movie suppose to deliver inside 3 hrs?

Very honest review

You could have also reviewed kgf ,btw it is a masterpiece ...

Zero is movie which actually tells about a dwarf who always think that God has done an injustice with him and trying to compensate  with it by marrying babita Kumari the top heroine of India, but because he knows she is out of his league he keep on trying others where he finds Anushka just because anuskha is physically challenged he took granted initially but as she doesn&#39;t give a damn his ego get hurt he decides to impress her at any cost...but when this converted into love even he doesn&#39;t know. In between babita Kumari who got dumped by someone whom she loved so much kisses baua Singh (shahrukh) to spread his hatred that how it feels like when no one understands you or  believe you. Baua took it in a way babita might love him and he has chance he somehow managed to work with him live with him...but as Katrina knows what is the value of love...shows him exit gate...after realizing his love for anuskha baua has crossed all the boundaries and here the imagination takes off....please go by emotions and not on logic...loved the movie...will rate 5 out of 5...last but not least director has shown that if god takes something gives something like baua can make stars fall...but he loose that power in between which director has used beautifully to express God has given the power because of his purity of heart but when he ditch his true love he takes the power back... amazing movie...a must watch....do not go but reviewers...you will repent later of not watching it on theaters.

Don&#39;t fall into the trap of critics reviews and stop spreading g negative reviews in the market...It&#39;s  very easy to find out mistakes and criticising something....I challenge if any of the critic direct a movie or do the editing...then they will get to know the thing what critic is.

Nice movie

If you really want to enjoy the movies you should stop looking at the reviews...I liked the movie and yes best acting was done by SRK only...amazing acting full justice done by him...if people stopped like movies like this I can say only one thing people are becoming stereotypes and practical on a larger scale. Suddenly all the critics has decided to go against the sharukh Khan movies...they want things logically correct... however I found andhadhun most overrated and illogical but critics find it very nice.

Sir,  Please do  the KGF movie review

फिल्म समीक्षा &#39;जीरो&#39;एक बौना (बऊआ) जो अपने बाप को अपना सबसे बड़ा दुश्मन मानता है, को एक दिव्यांग को सांइटिस्ट (आफिया) से प्यार हो जाता है। दोनों के घर वाले शादी को राजी हो जाते हैं लेकिन शादी वाले दिन बऊआ अपनी पसंदीदा हिरोइन से मिलने के शादी के मंडप से भाग जाता है। बऊआ आखिरकार अपने सपनों की रानी &#39;बबीता कुमारी&#39; से मिलता है, जिसका ब्रेकअप हो चुका है, और वो बऊआ को अपने पास रख लेती है। समय बीतता है और बबीता का फिर से अपने पुराने बॉयफ्रेंड के साथ पैचअप हो गया दिन और बबीता ने बऊआ को किकआउट कर दिया। बऊआ फिर से अपने पुराने प्यार को हासिल करने अमेरिका जाता है। जहाँ उसको मंगल ग्रह पर भेजने के लिए चयनित कर लिया जाता है। क्या बऊआ मंगल ग्रह पर जाता है ? क्या बऊआ को उसका प्यार वापस मिलता है ? बबीता का क्या होता है ? यही फिल्म का क्लाइमैक्स है।जिसे जानने के लिए आपको पूरी फिल्म देखनी होगी।फिल्म की स्क्रिप्ट पहले हाफ मेंं काफी इंटरटेनिंग व इंट्रेस्टिंग है जो दर्शकों को बांध के रखती है वहीं दूसरे हाफ में स्क्रिप्ट कमजोर लगती है व कम असरदार लगती है ऐसा लगता है फिल्म को जबरजस्ती खींचा जा रहा है।इसका कारण है फिल्म का स्क्रीन-प्ले जो पहले हाफ में दर्शकों को गुदगुदाता है, हँसाता है खासकर बऊआ व उसके पिता के बीच लड़ाई के सीन बहुत ही फनी और मनोरंजक लिखे गये उन दोनों के संवाद में कई बेहतरीन पंच लाईन सुनने को मिलते हैं, फिल्म के पहले सीन में बऊआ सपने में अपने बाप से एक लड़की की इज्ज़त बचा रहा होता है। बऊआ और आफिया के बीच कई छोटे-छोटे फनी सीन जो दर्शकों को अच्छे लगेंगे। दूसरे हाफ में फनी सीन कम हैं, कुछ  रोमांचक, कुछ थ्रिलर और दो तीन अच्छे इमोशनल सीन भी हैं । लेकिन थ्रिलर और रोमांच वाले सीन असरहीन हैं।दूसरे हाफ में  फिल्म में लव ट्रायंगल भी दिखाया गया है। अभिनय के मामले मेंं त्रिग्मांशू धूलिया अव्वल हैं, फिल्म मेंं उनके सीन सीमित हैं लेकिन जितनी बार वो पर्दे पर आते हैं अपना असर छोड़ जाते हैं। शाहरुख खान ने भी कमाल का अभिनय किया, उनके अभिनय ने मुझे फैन और ओम शांति ओम की याद दिला दी। अपने अभिनय में वो ठेठ मेरठिया बोली-भाषा, चाल-ढाल अपनाने की कोशिश करते दिखते हैं लेकिन अपनी टिपिकल शाहरुख वाली अपनी इमेज से बाहर नहीं निकल पाते। अनुष्का का अभिनय भी ओवरआल ठीकठाक है लेकिन शायद उनके किरदार की फिजिकैलिटी पर और रिसर्च की जरूरत थी । कैटरीना ने अपने किरदार के साथ पूर्ण न्याय किया है। जीशान आयूब ने शाहरूख के दोस्त के किरदार अच्छा अभिनय किया है। ब्रृजेन्द्र काला भी अपनी उपस्थिति दर्ज कराते हैं।फिल्म एक सीन में जूही चावला, काजोल, श्रीदेवी, आलिया का कैमियो है। इसके अलावा अभय देओल और आर माधवन के भी कुछ छुटपुट सीन हैं। फिल्म मेंं कई ऐसे सीन भी हैं जिनका अर्थ आम दर्शक शायद ही समझ पाये। मसलन एक सीन जिसमें बबीता कुमारी बीच सड़क पर अपनी गाड़ी रूकवाकर ब ऊआ को किस करती है। एक और सीन जिसमें ब ऊआ डांस कम्टीशन के फाइनल मेंं जज सलमान खान की मौजूदगी में गणेश आचार्य और रैंबो डिसूज़ा से मुकाबला करता है लेकिन आप को ये लगेगा कि गणेश आचार्य और रैंबो डिसूज़ा बऊआ के कम्टीशन में नहीं उसके ग्रुप में डांस कर रहे हैं। और तो और ब ऊआ का सीधे फाईनल में पहुंचा दिया जाता है ये बात भी कुछ कम हजम नहीं होती है। फिल्म का एक इमोशनल सीन जीरो ग्रैविटी में दिखाया गया जो पूरी तरह प्रभावहीन है। बबीता कुमारी की पार्टी मेंं अचानक उसे जान से ज्यादा चाहने वाला ब ऊआ हंगामा करता है और फिर बबीता कुमारी उसे जलील करती है, धक्के मारकर बाहर निकालती है और बऊआ उसे किस करने की कोशिश करता है। डायरेक्टर आनंद एल रॉय इससे पहले भारतीय सिने-दर्शकों को तनु वेड मनु, राँझना, तनु वेड मनु रिटर्न्स जैसी विशुद्ध, देशी, मनोरंजक एवं कर्णप्रिय संगीतमय फिल्मों से अपना मुरीद बना चुके हैं। उनकी फिल्मों के किरदार छोटे शहरों से होते चाहे वो कानपुर की तनु हो या बनारस का कुंदन। इस बार भी किरदार एक छोटे से शहर मेरठ का है। जो मेरठ से निकलकर दिल्ली होते हुए मुंबई पहुंचता है और वहाँ से अमेरिका। इससे पहले आनंद एल राय साहब ने छोटे स्टारों के साथ काम करते थे पहली बार उन्होंने किसी सुपरस्टार के साथ काम किया है। फिल्म को ग्रैंड शो बनाने के चक्कर मेंं कहानी पे उनकी पकड़ से बाहर निकल जाती है। फिल्म मेंं वो सबकुछ डालने के कोशिश करते नजर आते हैं। अपनी कोशिश मेंं कुछ हद कामयाब भी हुए हैं लेकिन ऐसा करते हुए उन्होंने सिनेमैटिक आजादी का भरपूर उपयोग भी किया है।

Review kgf

I want my money back

Shahrukh accept the truth ur time is gone

Flop waste of noney

ZeroLet&#39;s start as to why should you watch it??!!Well it&#39;s an out and out SRK&#39;s movie!!...so what does it make it so special??...His impressive entry in the flick...like never seen before..yes!!...Also his  completely changed persona..his typical mannerisms we all are so accustomed with!!(will be missed here immensely)His character Bauaa Singh is totally a never seen SRK before!!...he is sly..and yet he&#39;s so cute to win your hearts!!....Watch A Never Seen SRK BeforeWatch it for NASA....first movie ever to have been shot there in and out....never been so upfront and so close ever!!....yes its The SRK&#39;s magic and charm that worked...that they obliged!!...u must have seen it in NGC or Discovery...but never in a Bollywood flick before....the second half is actually like a cherry on the cake...where a simple dwarf from Meerut makes his journey to the Mars!!..which bis not to be missedYes watch it for Katrina....she brings in the glamour...in every true sense of the word....Watch it for Mrs Kohli....she&#39;s a surprise package all the time....yes!!..Watch it for the VFX...yes that&#39;s how it should be!!To wrap it up....all I can say....well am glad SRK did this flick....His best so far after Chak De India...Swades...My Name Is Khan...Yes this is the SRK I love and adore....was never an ardent admirer of him....But Bauaa Singh stole my heart for ever!!Ten on Ten

Are the dislikes because Zero is too good for 2 stars or 2 stars are too good for Zero?

zero is really nice movie go and watch it you will enjoy the movie

I don&#39;t know what d director wanted to show A Love story, a struggle of a midget or some science fiction shit. Neither d first half or d second half is good. Is this wat we can make for 200cr?

U hv to give it to akshay to come up wd gud scripts content driven n hit movies!

Itni Film Krne Ke Baad Bhi Akal Nai srk ko .. Script Selection ki...

Thank god, sir you saved my money

He gave one star, too many..

Why can&#39;t Shahrukh choose better scripts! Something beyond opening his arms really! Something like chak de, swades etc!

Review KGF

With the new actors emerging actor like Anshuman, Rajkumar Rao, Vikey Khaushal and to name few others....Sharukh Khan, Salman Khan are now where. One of the pathetic movie i have ever saw....now this is what we called the Falling of Romans. Sharukh Bhai...pls come up with some good content movie like chakh..de, Swadesh

India me log hi chutiya hai

Surprising to see Katrina actual delivering a decent performance.  Anuska&#39; s performance not cosistamt in the second half , not enough research. She should have watched the movie &#39; my left foot &#39; staring denial day Lewis for reference .What was the point of all those cameos?

I think Mr Masand.....Let&#39;s drop on Audience not by your eyes......

There last 30 min didn&#39;t make sense......I mean which scientist wd go n get married when u have a rocket launch on that same day...... seriously I realised I forgotat to leave me brains behind when I went to watch this movie

Spending lots of money  they are giving nothing  better they think of story rather of giving huge amount to actor &amp; actress

Amitabh bachan sab ka baap he aur uska baap dilip kumar he end of the story

I walked out of the movie theatre after 2 hours. Couldn&#39;t save the money but managed to save my time!

What about KGF movie review..? When you are going to do it..

Kgf  is masterpiece in Indian cinema.

yea Shahrukh Khan Kon ha?

Rahul dholakia give one more action movie to srk..Raees😍😍

SRK needs a better script; he&#39;s trying too hard to still prove that he&#39;s a good actor. Playing these unusual characters won&#39;t win you the audience. SRK needs a better script. This year, the best movie and actor awards go to Badhai Ho and Ayushman. 🌚<b>*audience applauding*</b>

ZERO IS A VERY NICE AND EMOTIONAL MOVIE!!

personally I think  that &quot;zero&quot; is a very good movie i have my own reasons and its difficult to put them in words so I&#39;m just going to say that people have different opinions and likings so as a supporter ill rate the movie 4.5

Yaar aaplog KGF ko kyu ni review karrahe ho

Mars chle gaye lok 😂

1st half Dekh kr ghar aa jao bus

Why the hell you not reviewing KGF?

The zero movie was very good I love it and who love zero like it

Sala Hindi bolna atha ha

Watched Kgf better and awesome movie 2nd half make u edged u can&#39;t blint ur eye

mana ki movie kuch khaas nahi, par SRK is always the BEST.

Zero is zero

. If Akshaykumar would have acted in the film with the same poor script and screenplay, people and haters would have not criticised it so badly.

Review dekhne k chakkar me do-char vocabs sikh liya

Amd will not collect more then 120...

Now Indian want real contents not movie with full of celebrities🤯

bkwas movie ever

Yes u dont do KGF Reveiw ......do reveiws for such bollywood over marketed movies....you slave

Thx 4 review Now i can save money on ticket n spend on alcohol to get tipsy

Sir review kgf Hindi Version too.its getting tremendous response from all audience. Why can’t u review it ?

Why are you not making a review of KGF? He might be left speechless after watching the movie😁😁. But waiting for your review.......With Dictionary 😁😁

hats off to Tyrion Lanister <a href="">#GOT</a>

Don’t believe on review please go n watch all three have done best

KGF  is in another level😎😎

Bakwaas movie, KGF is so better!

Agar aap zero 00. dekh👀👁👁 ne jaoge to Kese? or  kis tarah ?Tumari mood ki  sharukh  band 😌😌Bajata. he😮😮First reaction 👁👁🤓🤓🤔🤔   Second reaction👁👁🙄🙄😪😪😣😣😴😴😌😌😌😯😯 Third reaction 👁👁😒😓😔😕😲😷🤒🤒🤕🙁😖😞 Then  jab theatre se bahar aaoge😤😢😭😦😧😨😨😨😩😬😬😰😱😵😡😠😈👿👹👹👺💀👽👾🤖💩 Rip  zero 👼👼

Is the movie named KGF released!!

Both Bharadwaj Rangan and Rajeev Masand were my favourite critics. After reading Rangan’s review I was so disappointed, how could he even try salvage this disastrous movie. All of us can see the effort but it’s just a horrible outcome. So so glad Rajeev Masand is being so honest.

Hindi nahi malum hai kya

First half of the movie is okk...2nd half is totally trash

Well mathematics was always right2.0 &gt; 0 😅

Srk ki mehnat hai zero

Where is your review on KGF...???😤😤😤

I am a big srk fan but this movie sucks ...banane k baad ek baar khud dekh lete....first half was fine but thn second half screwed everything

These remakes are no longer intresting

I always liked anushka. However recently im  realising shes not that great. First her clumsy accent in Sanju ( which should be one of the easiest things for an actor to do) and her bad potrayal of someone with cerebral palsy show her limitations as a actor. I must commend Katrina on her acting in this film. She was way better than anushka and I never thought I would say thatOverall Zero makes no sense. Its like directors get Sharukh Khan in their movie and  get caught up in his stardom and completely forget what their core talent is. A movie with great potential failed miserably.I

Shahrukh&#39;s movies might sometimes be disappointing but his acting is NEVER disappointing.......give him any role and he can do it

This guy needs to stop eating and start walking ,rather then sitting and telling us what to watch and what not . People nowadays have so much of expectations from a movie , like sholay or Don made any sense.  Only some 50s and 60 movies were great , 70 , 80 , 90 they all were bad movies (mostly) I saw the movie it was different and srk did a great job . So much of hard work needs to be appreciated.

Not interested in anything he has to say!

I saw KGF yesterday wat a movie 😱😱outstanding action and cinematography..... Brilliant KGF team... KGF on fire🔥🔥🔥

What about the review of <a href="">#KGF</a>

Srk go to see kgf then come next year

I loved <a href="">#Katrina</a> the most❤❤❤❤

SRK next movie is 0.5

Wait, why is Rajeev not uploading this on his own YouTube Channel..?? Did he forgot the password..??

&quot;Katrina does a lot better...&quot;Never thought I would hear this from Rajeev Masand

Ayushmann Khurana , Rajkumar Rao r real superstars now a days, they r delivering vast variety of stories + memorable acting skills....

its time this over-rated and hideous actor retires!!!

This guy is not able to speak due to his tummy

Superb movie

The trailer did not look impressive at all either won’t bother watching it

Excellent work, Brilliant job ,Outstanding work,This is truly above and beyond, This is superb!This wat u will say wen u will see this movie a remake of Bachna Ae Haseeno 2008RANBIR KAPOOR where he makes every girl fall in love for him and while the time of marriage he runs away.Hmmmm k let&#39;s add more maslaa to this Remake of Jaan-E-Mann 2006 Where Salman Khan try to express his love to her wife ( pretty Zinta who has a child from Salman and been abandoned form him for  becoming an actor / star he try to impress her rest if u have seen the movie .Well back to zero movie song jab Tak has been made in such a way that fan of srk would feel the magic which he able to create always. Rest I am not against srk he is good actor but the plot of movie suck almost 3 hours strecthing the scene for no reason trying to put lots of drama .If u dare to watch this movie it&#39;s like coming back to life  from coma Movie could had been better srk is great actor but this movie is not for him . I have heard that Salman Khan was first choice for lead hero may be he thought the story was similar to Jaan -E - MannSame space sci fiction and romance and drama  that&#39;s y he rejected the role .Katrina kaif has done good for the first time she shown that she can act too . Some of the scene of Anushka Sharma is k.Rest zero is 0 Take crocin and if u love ur love one don&#39;t go for it .

I feel this movie is great ...I enjoyed movie

Movie ko movie hi treat kerain, Rishta nahi. Jiss main nuks nikale lgae ho. Apna pait dekha hai. lagta hai twins hain in main.

KGF is the movie to be watched. Good movie,  not this crap zero which has a zeros acting in it...

2018 ki dusri dgs of Hindustan chutiya film

Sale sadi movie ko advertising kitni karte h

2.0 still better love story between robots😂

It is really a good movie. I don&#39;t understand his logic!

If katrina acts terrible - movie flopIf katrina outperform s herself - movie flopMoral of the story is - Katrina story selection = flop movie

Fly is open.. i noticed he looked uncomfortable n about to burst

I have stopped watching your reviews. Lost all respect. Sad

Tu chutya hai saale

2 star bhi zada hogaye zero(0) Dena tha

Ap log ab bas south or hollywood movies hi dekhiye or rewiews bhi unhi ko dijiye 😏

The mathematical fact that 2.0 &gt; 0 is hereby proved.

KGF ₹₹₹

U cannot blame him for not ding his job right, honest

Andhadhund and badhai ho 👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽

Plz🙏🙏watch kgf movie..👌👌best movie 👍👍

so true

i really appreciate second half (much talking about this)...but this is d fault of anand l. rai. in his every film, a sub-categorized individual (illeterate or a literate) fell in love with up-hill opposites. here he did mistake in choosing SECOND-GIRL. but i love the dialogue &quot;aur maar, itna maar, itna jillat kr ki main tujhe bhool jau&quot;

i wonder if these critics get job in story making...does indian cinema (now-a-days) get better version of their stories?? better endings?? better plots?? they simply uttered their words as they are steven spielberg of bollywood.

Who gives this miserable fat good for nothing to sit and criticise other people

Anushka was not good in the movie and story needed a little touch up, what i wanna say is that story felt incomplete

His rating is 2 out of 5. I am going 2 divided by 5 for this movie that&#39;s zero.4(0.4). Now you may be wondering where that 0.4 came from. That&#39;s for the interval😂😂😂

Share kgf review

Zero is copy of Tamil movie perazhagan... Starring Surya and Jyotika

The problem with film is that Sharukh was not able to come out from that sophistication and khaan thing Aura. even if he tries to act beggar he act like beggar carrying million of money in his pocket.

Irony is when.....Audience appriciate the movieOn the otherhand...Critics are giving bad review (Glad i ignored there review)

Waiting for kgf review

Watch KGF movie toofan laya hai

RIP zero............ Overacting at it&#39;s best

That&#39;s unfair,the movie is great, I&#39;ve watched it and it&#39;s really great.. Anand L Rai and SRK breaking the Bollywood Stereotypes and doing something different and great.Whereas people are complaining about the 2nd half is bad, it&#39;s actually better, emotions are there, comedy is there and you&#39;ll love everything in the movie.Review is unfair and critics are just making it a big issue which will harm the movie.

Why dont u use simple vocabulary than using oxford dictionary to find some words meaning..hope u read this

Kgf 4 starsZero 1.5 star

Zero superb

Oldie khans  should retire now from playing lead roles ...

Ghatiya movie hai

Falto movi

Worst movie ever

anushka ko dekh kar aisa lag raha tha ki woh Stephen Hawking ko copy kya hai....it&#39;s very disappointing

2 min silence for those who thought zero will break all the records this Christmas.

The mission of this review is just to make zero flop but he badly falied🖕🖕Zero will super hit bc

Don&#39;t know why these critics are ignoring kgf

0 = 0.5 (proved by Anand L rai)  Half time watch.

Intolerance of public towards stupid scripts and the superstar tag for watching the movie. Race 3, Thugs Of Hindustan and Zero all are indicative of the maturity of people . Mindless “khanification” of the Mumbai film industry has to end.

Zero is best movie in 2018

If people are praising Katrina&#39;s performance, than this should be a good movie. As a non-actor if she is acting, its a big deal these days just like her Sallu bhaijaan.

Should be 0/5

Hilarious

Rajeev Masand your review is very bad. Don&#39;t put your views on viewer.

Bollywood still showing Muslims in good light  like this movie as Scientist, however they don&#39;t even use <a href="">#Polio</a> vaccine as it was an Israeli product. Bollywood sucks.

Flop movie

Abe gandu sidha bol ki chutiya movie h. Bketi karta he jaa raha h. Demhi mene mobie. N a small request ki janta ka khichna band karo

Katrina ne 15 saal bollywood mein rehne k baad thodi si &quot;acting&quot; kar ke kaunsa teer maar liya. Meri billi sirf ek hafta sikhane k baad jagah dekh ke tatti karti hai.

Blockbuster movie 300cror club

Film is very best. But the reviewer is bad to say normal.

KGF better

Same Bollywood drama bs

rajeev bhai review ke saath dictionary bhi  dena..!!!

Plz do KGF review

vertically challenged - u jus invent phrases like that...

Khan&#39;s movies are sponsored by underworld

Its a zero then

Katrina&#39;s performance is really amazing in this movie...Sometimes overshadowing Anushka&#39;s role...because her dialogues were not audible and sometimes her expressions doesn&#39;t look as if she is disabled

Superstar of 480p.

Ekdum phaltu movie plzz...sharukh ...thori badiya film banao yar........

Sir where is kgf review?

Review was perfect but not rating

In short... TATTI HAIN

Please review KGF

Zero out of 5

Uncle itni English aati h to English movie ke review do, ju hindi movie h usske baaree me to hindi me batao

KGF is bop 🔥

watch kgf instead.,..

Super bakwas

disaster movie 2018

Super bogus

Why they r promoting NASA ???We have ISRO also I think they all forgot that things

After my name is Khan not a single movie of sharukh Khan is worth watchable

Downfall of Khans has just started. 1. Race 32. Thugs of Hindustan3. ZeroNow , Irfan khan , Nawazuddin , Rajkumar Rao , Ayshman khurana etc are Bollywood&#39;s future who make sensible movies .

Finally someone praising katrina .

This guy acts like the biggest movie freak. But gives review only for Zero. We all know how KGF is. And how Zero is.  You better stop licking srk&#39;s a*s. And start behaving like an actual movie critic who makes people to know more about why to watch the movie. Or leave your seat to me. I&#39;m a better critic than you. I can proudly say that.

Big dalle paisa nhi mila

Raw pungent atmosphere of rural India is key to success of films now a days, gone are the days where films were shot in Europe and Americas for making movies hit. Real and raw cinema is what audience is looking for. RIP masala and, movies  shot in exotic locations.

In india race 3 type movie will run...not a zero type....if this film get flop whole indian sucks

Review Dena band kar be

Zero is much better than what these critics say..

The film was admirably awesome. Go and watch it, then decide for yourself.

These trio should not work together now the same happened for jab tak he jaan , SRK didn&#39;t give a great movie after Chennai express, he should learn something from other two khans

After Stephen hawking, I don&#39;t know y these movies show disable scientists with speech problems. Also anushka looks more like barbie than scientist with so much make up on.

abey angrezz hindi m bola krna

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

Aree sidhe sidhde bol de yrr achi hai ya buri itna Ko smjatha h re  😂

1.5 out of 5 for the movie.....and 4 out of 5 for the  songs.....

Dekho sir pheli Baat to ye ki this is completely new type of movie for Indian odience or romance drama and space connection wali movies Hollywood me BHI bhot hai or ap log un movies ko Acha batate ho or Jo India me koe yese movie banaye to phir use kharab khete ho to ap samj jao apko Kitna gyan hai movies Ka and sabse badi Baat this is fictional story not a real story or fictional stories me kuch BHI ho Sakta hai and this is one of the movies of srk

totaly 2018 biggggggggger flop movie bulshittt story fake over acting

srk is nonsense fellow of India

should get negative rating

flop movie zero

<a href="">

Sir please do review on kgf..

I have no stolen money  this move is wast of time , I want my money back

Jo movies me logic dhondty hen wo salay chutiya hen, q k agar logic hi chaheyay to ek dosry ki life ki real  stories sun kiya kro, picture dekhny jatay hi q ho

Can&#39;t spell Zero without tatti

Zero left me with a middling headache post. SRK, Anushka and Katrina have acted well but they are let down by a lackluster and incoherent screenplay in the second half. Don&#39;t see any problem with Anushka&#39;s portrayal of someone suffering from cerebral palsy and she was usually spot on.

Shahrukh is overacting . I had enough of him now. All same thing . No point to waste my money.

Save money for simba guys don&#39;t waste it for this movie not worth it

0,5/5..😊😊👎👎👎👎👎

I saw movie,  first half was entertaining but second half is not so good, climax is so boring, ghar per rakh ker jaana dimag ise dekhne ke liye

Agli Baar srk Ko aap sab se jaroor puch ke banana chayiye...every critics Ko..warna kuch bhi banalo ek Ko accha lagta hai dushre Ko nehi

sr plz give kgf review

Sir...I think aapko movie banani chahiye..!!! And aaplog criticize kyu kartey...jinhe dekhne ka mann bhi ho...wo bhi Naa dekhe.!!! Ho Sakta hai ki aapko pasand nahi aayi..par kisi aur Ko pasand aa jaaye... Sabki pasand alag-alag Hoti hai Naa..!!!

So  Sanju is the biggest blockbuster Hindi film of 2018.

Flop movie

Bakwas flop movie zero..👎👎

Chatna bnd kr

Please review KGF

Jaise Movie Ka Title Hai, Vaisi Hi Movie Hai ‘0’

K . G . F . Crushed zero at box office

Zero is a biopic of astronot rakesh sharma.... Any expert can thought about this.... But why rakesh sharma name not use i didn&#39;t understand....

totally zero movie  super flop

do kauri ki film

Crapppp..... Chris Nolen would have died after seeing the movie

Dang it. SRK does fantastic. What is wrong with these directors, writers and producers?

True review

Didn’t like the movie at all.

Mr Rajeev Masand take an interview of KGF team and you yet to know , how is thr dedication, visionary thinking&#39;s, screen play , cinematography, crews swet in a die hard dust shooting location, there I will like and follow U .

KGF REVIEW??

Flop movie

Kale tatla buri khopdi k tu dega review bna RHA h  yha YouTube PR logo KO chutiya saale

flop movie

I am giving it 0 out of 5  :D

Its such a good movie.. U can stfu

Tmhare jaise critics ko pta nhi kya chahiye..Mjhe to yhi smjh nhi aa rha..Ajkl jitne critics sb saale apne apko hi director smjhte hain.. 😡

<a href="">#Sperm</a> chote pade honge....🤣🤣

Kgf 👌🏻

Pehli baar laga ki review sahi diya aapne..  SRK ki movie ko..

Movie 480p me free download kar sakte ha

Is Baar 3no Khaano Ki Movie Raddi aayi h ek b nahi dekkhi abhi tak😂

Ghanta the main thing is Zero Movie Should be 4Out of 5

Same thing is said by KRK in hindi😂

flop movie

Movie is good

If there would not be such a huge outcry from audience Rajeev Masand probably would have sold the movie as the best of 2018

Choosing Shit Script, Same Old Mannerisms.. Nowadays Web-Series Much More Interesting Than Khans Movie....

You&#39;re way to liberal this time sir.

kitna paisa lia h masand ne?

No matter what shahrukh is still the best actor in the world

Chutiya movies h be. Simbbaa aur bhi chutiya hogi. All khans failed this yer while ayushman khurana and rajkumar rao ruled the box office

kuch khas nhi hai

KGF! KGF! KGF! KGF! KGF! KGF!KGF!

Kuchh hindi bhi bol lo

Even web series now a days r much better than these shitty movies they making.bollywood is doomed.

Just watched movie zero. And it was awesome man. Really just don’t believe on reviews and all. Go and watch first.

How does Kevin Lee Fits into this?

Hindi me do

Where is my dictionary book

2 is too much,,, it deserve 1/2,,,!!!!

Fat rate stop talking nonsense

So the plan was to let’s make a hit off crappy script - yea let’s sign SRK!!

Zero is full family entertainer critics or srk hatters ki baat pe mat jao movie blockbuster h.

Isse achha toh &quot;ROSOGOLLA&quot; dekh leti,, ONE of the BEST BENGALI FILM of 2018....

The review is so true and appropriate.Waiting for kgf review

but the public reactions are much different than your review...the audience is loving it...so u can shove your review up your <b>*</b>

Most of bollywood film makers still living in 80,s era. They dont wanna change and consider indian public chutiyas who can whistle on every chutiyapa.

Zero plus Zero is Zero ... Lol

Only liked katrina&#39;s acting

The no of dislikes show how god awful are srkians atleast amir fan know how to take criticism

Zero film bilkul uske nam jaise he nikla,,🤣😂

I watched this film yesterday,you can enjoy the by keeping your head and parcel aside, no logic in the movie, S Khan should select good script,he is a good actor.I want to give it 2.5/5 star.

Now Bollywood has nothing to offer , now don&#39;t advice me for Tollywood they are worse

Abe bhadue kya puri story Bata ra hai

हकले अल्लाह तुझे कभी माफ नही करेगा .इतनी घटिया मुवी .मेरे पैसे वापस दे दे .

Btw, Katrina played her real life role... Abhay deol is portrayed as Ranbir Kapor. Even when Babitakumari (katrina) read the newspaper in the movie, you can notice the surname of the hero as Kapoor.

Srk sucks probably should just not waste any more of his time in making movies

SRk&#39;s  act, luck, age rest in peace

Aagaya chutiya

Plzz review on KGF

Where does srk’s character in this movie have the nerve to think he’s in the same league as someone like anushka’s character? What, just because she has a disability, he thinks he can get her?? She’s beautiful, successful, nice, and a force not to be reckoned with. He’s not any of those things. Yet another story of a man with nothing going for himself aiming way too high

Sorry kgf 👇

Y haven’t u reviewed off?

How come 2 stars its too much. Is he gone mad?

Rajeev sir waiting for KGF movie review

Ek hi baat bolni hai...Hindi Movie Review in <b>ENGLISH</b>😳

I really want this movie should work i really believe that this is good experiment with big stars taking up role that we only saw in some of the low budget movie, yaar why are you not supporting it

Bakwas movie h...South Indian actors and movie are masters of Bollywood.

Review video start 3...2...1 Grab ur dictionary

Ill watch Marathi  movie instead of Hindi films

Hi Rajeev....That is very generous of you ,to score 2/5....I was thinking a BIG ZERO for this movie Zero.

Chuyita movie bhai Mt dekhna paisa brbaad jindgi barbaad

<a href="">#RajivMasand</a> You Said more worse Review Comment for <a href="">#DevD</a> &amp; I decide Not to watch. I watched after a Year Then Realise you are Actually a Fool.Don&#39;t listen to him every one He is Not as good as he think

I love this movie. Super entertainment, super funny. 👍👍👍👍

Rajeev=🐷

🐷

Suyaar

Bol...kitna chahiye...

Paisa chahiye

Harami sala

Sala kutta...khud toh AI B kr k Gaali khata hain....B.C..

Sala tu kaun hota hain be 2 dene wala...??

Tu hain sala mota suyaar ka bachaa

Motey!Review KGF....

Ye paise leke jhoot bol raha hai meetha h ye

Bhai angrej hindi me bhi bol liya kar

Do not want see khans more new generation are better now retirement le lo

Khans r too old to run Bollywood now.... move out please ....ur movies make no sense at all ...👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻

ZERO  is really zero Watch KGF it&#39;s really Gold....

mera laura review ..movie is awesome

Please review KGF ,an ULTIMATE MOVIE KGF

stephen hawkings hai ye to

I agree with your rating Rajeev, but criticizing everything worthy of criticism other than Shahrukh Khan&#39;s underwhelming performance is no coincidence. Exptected you to be a bit more point blank there. Nice review overall.

Rajiv its a hindi movie plz speak in hindi .....ur english doesnt means any sense fr such bakwas movie

zero movie is really amazing.... I like it very much... plz do watch

End of shahrukh era

fil jbrdst hy 1st haf ekdm jbrdst 2nd haf bs dimag walo k liye hy mujhe bhut psnd aaaya 2.0 se behtr movi hy ziro

Ye Banda bohot sai leta hain bhai

KGF review please 🙏🙏🙏🙏

Just say film bakwas hai .why 4.44 min narrative for it .

Whoelse is scrolling through comments to check out rating....Now when I dint get it... Let me tell u its 2/5... Save ur time

I&#39;m A Student In New York Film Academy&#39;s student In America My Review For This Movie Zero..Pata Hai Kuch Jo Review Ke Tattu Hai Jineh Pese Nahi Milte Vo Review Bohut Ganda Daalte Hai Movie Ko Unlogical Batate hai Par Uneh Zero Ke Action Logical Lagte Hai Jineh Pese Milte Hai!!Movie Hit Hai : chahe cinematography ki baat kare ya direction ki baat kare Chahe concept ki baat kare Chahe VFX ki baat kare Chahe Scrip Ki Baat Kare ..

Ghatiya movie.......

Thank god .. Aryabhatt therom still correct Zero means zero not one ,not million but ZERO.

Sir pls review on Kgf 🙏🙏

KGF review please

My wastmoney to see movie to zero I don&#39;t understand srk plunging star they not super hero so I can&#39;t understand story

Bhai simple English use kara Kar, dictionary leke kyun bait jaata hai 🤮

Has Katrina Kaif suddenly become bad omen?

Another superstar movie to bite the dust. Today super stars don&#39;t get you winners... content wins.

End of Shah Rukh Khan? Or more to come? Would his next movie be silent movie like Pushpak? Only time can tell.

Why dont they just fuckin make good movies rather than garbage now wtf! Just make a classic style family movie with a simple loving touch for people to watch, bollywood isnt even bollywood no more, too much into hollywood style movies!, i think people should start raising concerns seriously..specially with nudity in some of the movies.

Flop movie hain

It was a complete movie. Different and touching.

Ekdam bakwaas film hai. Please mat jana dekhne nhi to ek mahine tak coma me rahoge

Please don’t waste your time on this absolutely totally completely fully ridiculous piece of crap!-A sRk and Anand Rai fan

Sabse Chutiya Jada tm hoo

Paid review

Chutiyee tum log Ko Race 3 pasand ayegi

Flop

Interval ke Baad bahut hi phaltu hai movie. Script wala , story likhne wala sab daru pike kaam kiye hai. All in all a phaltu movie

What about KGF?

2 hours 45 minutes.

Anushka&#39;s acting is overacting, Cerebral palsy doesn&#39;t look anything like that. They should have just gone with quadriplegia with normal facial expressions.

o bhai katrina kaif ki performance achhi h film me. sounds like a joke to me. 😂

The 480p guy...

2 star cuz srk paid otherwise half star 😅

I saw the movie yesterday, and enjoyed the movie....1st half is super good, 2nd half is ok...

Kitne main bika

Why still dint review KGF movie......

rajeev why dont you write,direct and produce a film you ashole, then you will get to know what does it takes to make a whole film. its an awsome movie and everyone must watch it. dont belive these self obsessed so called film critics who doesnt have least a mllion subs.

Totally distress

Kgf review plzz

shahrukh khan ki movie dekhne se badiya mai sucide kar lu bahut he chutiya actor hai

brilliant review

I can see in comments all srk haters saying movie was bad bad bad..But its good

Jokes are always OK . We have freedom of speech

Srk You Have failed this city.

Zero flop hogi

Mast movie lagi bhai , sab ki apni apni choice hai...

kgf rocking in theater 😗😗😗 go and watch don&#39;t waste your father&#39;s many

your ignorant if you need to question yourself if it’s ok to make fun of someone if they are disabled too

Blockbuster movie

This is called perfect review 😍

Zero is flop. 😂

राजीव सांड

Zero is zero

Tandoor hindi me bola kr hindi film ke liye

Zero what an ironic name

Moment he said katrina did better acting thn anushka..i paused the video..disliked...and after writing this comment, i am gonna block this channel...Nobody..i say nobody in his right state of mind call katrina an actor💩

Bht hi bakwaas review hai

Honest review........

Just like Indian cricket team now.....instead to have a plan....Throw everything and see which sticks.....!Great....!

Kgf review pls

Why people are trying to pull down SRK ...its really a beautiful movie and must watch it... just giving review in english dosen hide your hatred toward SRK...

Great movie better than thugs and race and 2.o. acting was superb and engaging . Loved every minute will watch it again

Give me kgf review bro

I was thinking you are smart not stupid like Chotia KRK but yeah i get it now you are over smart, by doing a negative review you are getting more attention you peace of shit go and make your own movie then talk about such blockbuster movie truly deserve 5 star not saying coz i am fan of SRK but i say the truth at least

Sharuk have same problem like where amithab had early 1990..m srk fan ..I never watch his movies after Chennai express..So sad..these days m watching only his KKR in IPl ,trinidad in carebean leaugue

Those who opposed this movie, can start making their own perfect movies better than this..

Dawood Ibrahim ,Pakistani ISI is in tension as khan movies are flopping . Now they will say that this is a saazish of Hindus against Muslims . why is Allah doibg this to Muslims

Looks like another srk flop. Why are people still giving this guy scripts. Waste of time.

No one wants to see that age old romance

Jo log criticise kr rhe h k kuch naya lao.To kyu nahi fan ko 200 cr kamwa kr diye...ke age vo aur koshish krta naya karne ki.Chahe vo mnik kare chahe <a href="">c.express</a> chahe fan ya raees.... Har bar bus kamiya nikalo.Akshay kumar 1- holiday+baby airlift+rustom  ya fir house full+singh is bling type karta rahe to usme koi ake nhi kehta k ek jaisi acting ki

Your review is short just like this movie. Bollywood cant come up with anything original. Dont copy south movies.

Are you giving description of movie plot or reviewing it?????

Zero indeed

Paid review.

Bollywood is automatically giving way to South Indian movies to come and take over even without a fight!!

India mei Sabb chutiyon log paida honnay lagyaa hii,,iseliye humara Bharat agay nahe badd Raha hii

FULLCOMEDY MOVIE 5/5 FOR ENTERTAINMENT

Chutiya ye Sabb negative review de Raha hii,,anti SRK ,,chutiye logg

Zero is really zero... Feels bad for SRK.SRK KAT ANUSHKA 1st come together for JAB TAK HAIN JAAN...Was avargae..They come once again made Zero.. Once again a big disappointment..So conclusion tin tigada srk ka film bigada...

SRK,s time is really over .  He kept doing same shit for more than 20 years    .  He can&#39;t do anything other than romace+overacting..   💩💩💩💩💩💩

Sorry sir, i know your reviws are believable , but I think this time something went wrong,You gave mostly wrong information to your followers,This movie is not as bad as you&#39;re sayingIt&#39;s a nice movie, I&#39;ve enjoyed &quot;ZERO a lot

Awesome movie friends

Stephen Hawking ka character leke interstellar ki barabari karne chale thei .. lekin kaam nahi banaa

Anushka sharma = Steven HawkingsSRK = Elon MuskPeriod •

The movie  simply sucks, I love SRK so much but I got so disappointed by this movie. Many scenes doesn’t make sense. The story is so weak. Babita’s role is insignificant to the whole story.

I wasted <a href="">4:44</a> mints of my life by watching this uncle brainless explanation

Mene film dekhi he and seriously shahrukh khan ki worst movie me se ek thi.....time waste money waste....Public ka bhadhiya kaat rakha he....meaning less movie, koi kuch bhi kar raha tha,sab kuch unrealistic tha....seriously in jesi films ko dekhna band karna hoga tabhi sudhrega bollywood.......

I would say it was an entertaining before the interval but after the interval i was little disappointed. I loved how Katrina played her role very well in this move. S.R.K has done it so well i just love him anyways... <b>Must watch</b>

End of Shahrukh khan career

👌👌👌

I hv just seen the movie, I wouldn&#39;t say thatbthis is an extraordinary film but a decent one which can be watched atleast once and should not be missed. The fucking critics like u who just sit on a couch scratching their balls, gives their review ignoring the effort and hard work of the people involved in this movie, is such a shame. Guys please don&#39;t trust these paid reviews. I am not urging u to watch, but dnt misguide yourself and others by paying heed to such people.

I just hope that all those who are creating these negative comments have at least seen the movie, because if it is not like that it is total nonsense to stop watching such a good movie because of the silly criticism.

It have strong message

Review KGF

5 out of 5Are those who dislike this movieI simply sayGo to hell

खानो की गाँड मार दूँगा।इतना घटिया फिल्म बनाता है।

You seem to look the same. I think you need to stop reviewing movies  and choose some other profession.

It is very good movie.

Ridiculous movie...wasted my time &amp; money...ye kya movie tha bhai????

Even watching review of zero feels boaring

No logic in movie...

Rajeev Masand is really honest in his reviews...never taking sides of actors ...does his job professionally and with integrity

Decent view, exactly said wht movie was about... Katrina was fab... Whistles for her n deepika😚,

We don&#39;t need your views on the film and if you are capable enough why don&#39;t you make your own film

anushka will win the best actress award

Hi,  KGF review needs to be done

Sir I hope u ll review KGF too...I really wish u shd watch it...bcoz it’s worth watching

Johnny sins ki movies mein isse better story hoti hai.

I can&#39;t watch SRK now... Haven&#39;t seen a good movie of his since Devdas.

Those who had completed the 2.40 hours of painfull performance needs a standing ovation.....uffff.....need immediate refund.....

Instead of Shahrukh or Salman they should take random rickshaw wala as heroes. They will do better job

Please watch kgf and make a review!!

Mujhe to pehle se hi pata tha ki Zero bakwas film hogi

Whatever critic says Shahrukh is at his best in Zero. All are shouting illogical, illogical.!!!! Then how Salman&#39;s movie become blockbuster year after year instead of full of illogical attributes. Haters gonna hate, Critics gonna criticise. But Sharukh is the undisputed king of Bollywood and will remain the same. Though the second half of the movie is little bit stretched, apart from that Zero has own our heart💖💖💖💖💖💖💗. Love u SRK😍😘😘😘😘😘😘😘

Honest review..

Katrina bhi Anushka bhi.aliya.bhi..is 55sal ke budde ne sab leli apni film me but flop...isse koi samjaye buddhe your Time is over...Go and do papa dada nana touji Coach...fufa wale role kiya kare....

😁😂🤣🤣😂 😂🤣😂😂😃🤣😂🤣RAJIV CRISTFER NOLESNS  KA TISRA🍒🍒 TATTA🍒🍒 H😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤣🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣🤣😂😂🤣😂

Shahrukh budda ho gya hai

Hathi(SRK) chale bazaar, KUTTE(HATERS) bhoke hazaar.

Watch KGF

The cocktail of light comedy + serious movie is just to shadow bad acting and direction and it&#39;s happening more often in Bollywood movies. I would rather watch studio Ghibli movie again than watching movies like zero, TOH. And the biggest shame is that movie like Tumbbad not doing good just because no so called superstars are acting in it. One of the best Bollywood movie of recent time.

I know you liked robot 2:0 too much. I can review you , your age and overweight can&#39;t handles khan&#39;s standorm.

flop

Do we get to see the review of kgf?

Kgf review pls

How much money you got for this review?

Please review kgf sir

WOW !! This guy a &quot;Movie Critic&quot; clearly ignores the major factors of the movie being the excellent CGI used, the heart warming songs and the visuals taking an entirely new turn for the bollywood industry. So much money was invested for the visual effects and it didn&#39;t even get mentioned in the review. Yes, the movie follows an unoriginal love triangle as the base but that doesn&#39;t overshadow the other exceptional efforts. This review gets a 2/5 not the movie. The movie deserves at least a 4/5 having the only drawback being its story.

U know the film is in trouble when katrina is praised....

Star power fails to light up the box office this year. where scripts have been more prominent factor of this year&#39;s major hits.Vicky Kaushal, Ayushmann Khurana &amp; Rajkumar Rao, Alia Bhat emerge top performers at box office.This is an obvious turning of tides. Where once art cinema ruled the 80s, we have once again the opportunity to witness a new brand of cinema, where script &amp; screenplay are getting their true worth..kudos to the makers of some good quality cinema.. Abhi toh pichar baki hai mere dost.

i think Aamir&#39;s TOH was far better and best and blockbuster

Not &#39;Zero&#39; out of 5...?

Waste movie! Waste of money... Go watch <a href="">#KGF</a>

Grow up SRK ! Still doing same bollywood drama love stories. Time to change! Do some realistic characters.

O hello its imdb 7.8 star out of 10 . It is a good film yes little longer . But over all good film.

Baithne ka style change kar do bhai, it&#39;s annoying😒😒😒

N I&#39;m 4ft 10inchs 😡😡😡😡😡

It&#39;s a flop film

लगता है हम किसीं दुसरी दुनिया मे आ गए है, कॅटरीना के काम की तारीफ हो रही है???????

Ye motu pagal hai

Movie achhi hai , go and watch paisa vasool movie hai

Bhosri waale maine dekhi movie bhut achi lgi tm sale negative review de k film.ko kharab bna rhe ho

srk is a gone case...he destroyed himself bcause of his crave for money n  choosing film like dilwale and happy new yr..he took advantage of his fans ....n thinks everthing will go all right

Your vocub is way too good. I feel that you love literature a lot.. 🙌

Sharuk ka hogaya......  Yaaaro..

Zaberrrrrrrrrrrrrrtdast movie h yr,,,

Mast movie hai bhai logo...

Jhantu movie jhantu logo ke liye ....just go for KGF incredible movie

I see ur channel only to improve my english ...the rest is useless

KGF review?????👍👍👍

2** ...thank me later

Rajeev Anna give a review for KGF too.

So go n watch KGF

Where is kgf review? not even one top journalists have come up with their review.

today generation&#39;s audiences are smart. So Bollywood do not make  people fool by your disaster story and content. It would be better if they work on storyline and  do audition for their star cast.

Only one dwarf I love to watch is Terrein Lannister..... Baba Peter Dinklage k Jai hoooooo........ Srk ka Baap hai wo......

Masand kya hota h

2 must be too much

if audiences like the movie doesnt matter how many stars critics give

Ab to robot bhi news padhne lage h news channel par, katrina k chehre par kon si plastic lagi h jo expression nhi aate itne saalo baad bhi.

Are you paid Mr.Rajeev Masand sir ??

KGF ka review kab aayega

Keep counting how many times he says &quot;seldom&quot; 😂😂😂😂

One can&#39;t overlook the fact that the TV reviewers have bashed Zero. Noticeably the Zero team didn&#39;t interact with either Rajeev Masand, Anupama Chopra or Taran Adarsh prior to the movie release. The marketing strategy for this one was centred around attracting the young online crowd. No wonder these old age reviewers have bashed Zero. People talk of logic and praise 2.0 in the same breath. Heights of hypocrisy in the reviewer fraternity. One cannot undermine the fact that word of these reviewers has a strong influence on the choices made by the audience. Going into a movie with a preconceived notion and tallying the review points dulls the joy of watching a movie. People are too preoccupied to form an independent opinion, owing to these reviews. It&#39;s better that these reviews be stopped. After all,why should anyone tell us where to spend our money. We were born free and were taught to think independently.

We hate this movie...retire kro uncle ko

इतनी बुरी फ़िल्म भी तो नहीं है &#39;ZERO&#39; भई !------------------------------------------शाहरुख़ की हालिया रीलीज़ फिल्म &#39;ज़ीरो&#39; बालीवुड की पिछली तीन बड़ी रिलीज़ फिल्मों में से एक है । जैसा कि अमूमन होता आया है बालीवुड की मेनस्ट्रीम व्यावसायिक फिल्मों में लाॅजिक या कोई सशक्त संदेश तलाशना सिर पीटने के बराबर ही है, तो बेहतर होगा कि हम इन फिल्मों को केवल मनोरंजक &#39;मसाला&#39; फिल्मों की हैसियत से देखें और &#39;चर्चाएं&#39; ! मगर यहाँ एक से एक ज्ञानी भरे पड़े हैं! ऐसे ज्ञानी जिनको हज़ारों रजनीकांत के कबूतर पर बैठकर हवा में उड़ने 😅,रोबोटिक साइंस  का कबाड़ा निकाल देने और सेलफोन के कारण पक्षियों के मरने में तो लाॅजिक नज़र आता है मगर शाहरुख के बौने का किरदार उन्हें नहीं पचता,एक बौने का स्पेस चले जाना नहीं पचता 🙂! मतलब कल से एतना निगेटिव रिव्यू, एतना ज्ञान पर ज्ञान, एतना बोकराती...क्या है भई ये ! क्रिटिक्स होगे अपने घर के , कुछ दिमाग़ हम दर्सको रखते हैं समझे ना !🙄। और वैसे भी 2. 0  ने भी कोई बड़का कद्दू में तीर नहीं मार दिया था, उसको तो आराम से पचा लिए !अरे भई  , मसाला फिल्म है उसी की तरह देखो काहे सिनेमा हाॅल की सीट पर बैठ कर &#39;आइंस्टाईन&#39; बन रहे हो !ईमानदारी से कहूँ तो ज़ीरो अपनी समकक्ष हालिया रिलीज दोनो फ़िल्मों( ठग्स आॅफ़ हिन्दोस्तान और 2.0 ) से मनोरंजन के मामले में चार जूत्ता आगे ही है । &#39;बौव्वा सिंह&#39; ने अपना चरित्र बख़ूबी पर्दे पर जिया है, आप फ़िल्म देख कर चलें आएं आपको बौव्वा ही याद रहेगा शाहरुख़ नहीं । फिल्म इंटरवल के बाद 15-20 मिनट के लिए लेंदी हुई है मगर इसके लिए सरासर निर्देशक और स्क्रीनप्ले लेखकज़िम्मेदार है शाहरुख़ पूरी फ़िल्म में कहीं नहीं चूकते । 50-52 बरस का ये आदमी आज भी पूरी एनर्जी के साथ आपका मनोरंजन करने का माद्दा रखता है । &#39;आफ़िया युसुफ़ज़ई भिंडर&#39; अच्छी रही हैं बस उनकी डिसएबिलिटी को कुछ ज़्यादा फोकस कर दिया गया है , &#39;बबीता कुमारी &#39; को खुद्दे जाकर देख लीजीएगा 😝 ।और वो जो गाना है ना!  &#39;&#39; .....तब तक मेरे नाम तू&#39;&#39; आप चाहेंगे खत्म ही ना हो ..बड़े से कैनवास पर एकदम कलरफूल-कलरफूल वो गाना आपके अंतर्मन को भी &#39;कलरफूल एंड ब्राईट&#39; बना देता है 😊!

Rajeev looks like looks like the elder brother of sajid khan

Public reaction is so good but these critics are impossible . They will believe anything happening in a hollywood movie but when it comes to bollywood they want logic for each and everything ..i mean ehat the hell is wrong with them

Sir hindi bola karo

Aren’t there any other leading ladies for SRK to work with other than Anushka Sharma &amp; Katrina Kaif? SRK’s age isn’t an issue. Working with the same ladies, especially Anushka makes it seems as if we’re seeing the last movie he released. Give other actresses a chance. I can watch Katrina dance anytime because I fast forward to the dance scene but between these 2 ladies they are bringing down every recent movie he’s released recently. Anushka cannot act. She was a SRK 1 hit wonder.

Loray motay....2.0 b kachra ti...tm pesa lkr khan log ka stardum khtm krna chahtay ho

Just bcoz movies like andhadhun, stree , badhai ho have come up ...people r comparing zero with them..... It&#39;s not bad as Race 3 and TOH.....Have it been released 2 years before ,people would have been praising the movie....If u want go for  entertainment purpose then  watch it ,if u intentionally wanna create difference between these movies then don&#39;t go

Sir waiting for your KGF review

Mc buddha sab 50 sal ho giya tum log ka wase film Karo ab ye kiya loura ka film bana ta he cutiaya log

Why you not review KGF movie

😂😂 rajeev masand😇💩💩Your rating I give you <a href="">#zero</a> out of 5 लोल।।।<a href="">#naasamjh</a>

South Indian stars now are more popular than bollywood actors in North India  ..Bcz everyone is watching them on TV and You Tube ...So , they are now going out of homes to watch in Theaters also ..South Indian Cinema represents True India ...And also , It is entertaining and  has also won National Awards more than Bollywood ...Indian stars have made REAMKE of south Indian movies and earned a lot of money ..Be it from  Ghazni to now Simbba...

Bhaiya Kehna Kya Chahte Ho ??? HINDI please

Zero is Zero, Total Flop. never expected bollywood will come up with a  movie like Zero, where they make fun of disability cuz people who are playing disabled in the movie are not actually disabled😔. They don’t know what goes thru an actual disabled person in actual disability.

ek bauna dusre baune ke movie ka review kar raha hain

It&#39;s been so long Rajiv😄

zero doesnt deserve numeric rating.....movie can be expressed as.......&quot;MATLAB KUCH BHI???&quot;

Kgf bahut mast movies h.

Ab iska movies dekne layek koi ni h

Kgf best movie of 2k18

Bollywood is all about unimaginative movies. People should break their stupid stereotypes about Bengali, Malayalam, Marathi and Tamil movies and learn a thing or two about good movie making.

Zero ek bakwas movies h

Dumb movie !

Before interval 2/5 after interval 0/5 total points is - 1/5..   😁 sala bogus film

Katrina Kaif&#39;s acting saved this movie. She really wins over the other two.

Anushka, superb acting, from facial expressions and dialogue delivery.. really very appreciable acting... Hats off to Anushka... Bauaa character has not been displayed properly and many things not connected properly..Bauaa character is egoistic and bindaas character..but chemistry between Bauaa and Anushka not heart touching.. second half, feeling need to run out of theatre...

Go watch KGFWorth to watchEagerly waiting for part 2 of this movie

That&#39;s mean 2  don&#39;t you  just watch for entertainment, why spoil it for people who want to see   Zero if the people like the movie good if they don&#39;t that is ok too. People went and see the movie loved it.  I will see and watch for the entertainment if I love the I tell people, if I don&#39;t  I will not spoil for other people because it&#39;s not fair. I&#39;m sure I will enjoy the movie.

Rajeev Masand &amp; Anupama Chopra These Are All Paid Critics

Katarina is awesome. ..this character is totally different from her real self ...she carries herself with dignity and grace ..people calling this character her real life character are ridiculous.

Jsa title waisi movie bilkul zero 000

Rajeev, you are wrong when you said, &quot;Anushka usually gives a competent performance,&quot; the fact is she is a mediocre performer, overconfident and full of overacting every time

Ur turing out to be an addicted , waiting to be rehabed.





In conclusion - Katrina stole the show ❤

Please review KGF, it&#39;s an epic....

why are you not reviewing KGF

Worst

What a rubish movie

Space training and full space  mission in movie, Shahrukh sir acting mind blowing

I knew this is gonna be another junk by so called bollywood stars... Common guys ppl are really bored of all typical stuff from you... We need more movies like Andhadhun , Thumbbad , Naal (marathi), I would prefer regional movie bcaz the content is main Hero in those movies

Bhai Stephen Hawking ka Mmazak Bana diya

I will rate zero-0/5

SRK ko ab retirement le Lena chahiye.. Har chij ki ek expire date hoti hai.. Us k bad wo zehar ban jati hai.. So it&#39;s good k pehle hi Shambhal jao.. Itna paisa hai yaar... Saat Janmo tak bhi khaoge to bhi nai Khatam hoga. Pata ni kya chahiye inko.. Mujhe 4-5 crore de do   to puri life privar ke sath ache se Gujaru kahi ekant main..

Plz review kgf

It&#39;s a request to srk that please select the script accordingly so that it moves soul of the viewers.

Gyatiya  movie hai yaarSRK should have resign from acting

Yr ye chutiya critics log full clarity k saath ni batate k music kaisa tha acting kaisa script, screenplay, dubbing etc kaisa tha.. itna ghuma fira k itna diplomat k dada bante h k confuse kr dete h k jaye ya na jaye

KGF reviews please !!

SRK I beg, please stop doing romantic movies, because I can&#39;t see Budda doing romance with young girls.

Acc to me this is bakwas movie all reviews fake

Paid false review

हिंदी में बोल । chutiye

As a president of ICRA (Indian Comments Readers Association) please keep comments short and sweet, in order to go through all the comments.Thanks for your understanding.Next movie of Shahrukh is Negative, as he got negative reviews for this movie, ....If he takes a movie titled Negative, Negative reviews become positive- X - = +

Katrina is due for a praise

Nice movie

Sun is setting on Shahrukh and Masala movies Hindi Cinema can now develop more creative Movies

Bakk bokka ...

We want KGF review

Mene to tralior bi nai dekha abhi takBahot majj gaye they tino khanUnko lagta tha Bollywood unke bina nai chal sakta tha.

Happy for katrina....

3khans....failure year...2018....Race 3 ....Thugs of Hindustan &amp; Now ......Zero ....story line was dead...🙄🙄🙄😑😑

Obviously  Zero dekhne wale hindi bolte hai, ye chacha hindi movies se kma rahe hai, hindi bolne me kya problem hai inko? America se views aate hai inko?

5/5

Zero is best

Guys this type of critics will destroy our bollywood.... i saw the movie and suggest all of u to go and watch this movie... srk role is superb and vfx is more superb... i m not a big fan of srk but i m accepted that srk is the king of acting...

Waiting for u to review KGF

Isn&#39;t it time for srk to admit his age and do some classy films than play the same old womanizer roles...ugh same wine in different bottle

Do review about KGF..?

critic and haters is trying to destroy this movie, but it is really good movie celebrity like Malala , Anurag Kashyap,Karan Johar, swara Bhaskar, Hina Khan also praising it

Why you did not reviewed KGF?

Review KGF.

Hey rajeev, review for kgf

Still rocking 480p..hmmm

disliked from my side . reason....u all know

2018 bollywood give worst movie only akshay give best inspirational movie...

Problem with shahrukh is that he is not accepting the fact that he is not young and he does not look like a chocolate boy anymore. Now is the time for him to do some serious movies otherwise there are so many other talented actors in bollywood like rajkumar rao, ayushman khurana, ranveer singh etc.  Who are very popular and giving hits after hits...

Zero is an adaptation from Tamil film Perazhagan Starring Surya and Jothika...

Kgf please

It&#39;s one finest work of srk please go and watch

Sharukh is the best actor in the lot .......his script choices are just bad nowadays .......... hope he will accept good scripts in the future

<a href="">#KGF</a> review?

Bullshit!!bollywood is confused what to do with itself!!

must watched movie

you exactly didnt know how to review  a movie you should divide it in parts like 1 star for acting 1 star for dirction 1 for script , vfx and 1 for other reasonALLthose people are fucked up who  gives zero less than 3 rating because of the direction ,acting  and vfx i personally would give it 4.5 rating out of 5

Excellent movie. Please go and watch this movie. Super performance by Shahrukh Khan Anushka Sharma and Katrina Kaif. I simply loved this movie

Movie dekhne ke baad,theater se nikalte hi ,medical dhunda aur ek saridon khaya Maine......👍😂

2018 has been the year for Indians appreciating actually good movies. While movies like Andhadhun, Badhai ho, Manmarziyan etc performed really well, movies like Race 3, Robot 2.0, Gold with stars did not become superhit as they usually do otherwise. The year ending with Zero getting a below average response, I think it&#39;s a message to the film industry that audience of India has started preferring good content over big bannered movies.

Thank you sir it&#39;s been confirmed now I will spend 0 on zero.

When SRK have big budget to do, he can try new things instead of Romantic movies

Don&#39;t talk here .go and watch KGF mind-blowing movie.<a href="">#rocky</a> bhai.i personally enjoyed a lot.

&quot;Vertically Challenged&quot; !?

Please review KGF @rajeevmasand

Finally he sharukh failed .....I&#39;m so happy today because this chutia budda&#39;s time is going to over....now he should be play father and grand father role

<a href="">Ra.One</a> = FlopJab Tak Hai Jaan = FlopFan = Flop Raees = FlopJab Harry Met Sejal = FlopDear Zindagi = FlopZero = FlopShah Rukh Khan = Flop

Commendable commitment towards 480p.

How the hell did he give 3 for robo 2.0 ? But he is giving 2.0 to this film. Something fishy about this guy.

Rajeev waiting for Ur review on Kgf....seeing ppl giving 5/5 N all....but Ur a awesome cinema review guy.....not biased.... Waiting for Ur response....... Love from cinema lover😊

shahrukh is too much.. aBh to retirement le le bhai.....

Kya chutiya movie h isse accha kgf h

That creep joke asking adisabled  person to lift a pen and dialogue like inse hilne ki siva hota keya hain is such a shame. How can you do this. SHAME!!!

Bhai humare dekhne keliye bi rkhna tha kuch

Chal bahg mote lauda,, tere awqaat kya hai. Ak Film bannama lakhonki mehanat lagtihai. Tuh kounhota hai decide karna wala.. Jisko dekhna hai wo dakha ga Film...

Sir please review KGF

You sound like CAT comprehension!

finally an honest review.

You know the movie&#39;s shit when Katrina is the only praiseworthy thing!

dont watch it

dont watch it guys if u dont want to waste yr time n money

Rubbish movie

I am sorry Sir , i m a fan of SRK but if he continues to do this type of movies I am not gonna be his fan not only me infact many.

Bakwas movie.dont watch  waste of time and money,this film is  really a zero in all aspects.

I do not understand what our critics are expecting from the stars. They have to make movies for the masses, not for a specific intellectual group of people. If you go into the movie expecting some Nolan kind of stuff, you are bound to be disappointed , it completely depends on your mindset. Go watch it as a family entertainer and I promise you will walk out with a smile. The movie has its flaws, Anushka, is consistent in her expressions , movie is slow and is dragged in bits. But overall, it is a good movie. You should watch.

If you are fan of any of the &#39;Zero&#39; actor/actresses or if by seeing the trailer you felt to watch the movie, go and watch it. Don&#39;t judge the film by listening to these s**t reviews of English-speaking cartoons, either they are SRK-haters or paid to speak exactly this review by somebody. Watch by yourself and judge. You might love it or might dislike it, but that should not be fixed by others. Personally I liked the movie, except 10 to 15 mins scenes in USA which I think could have been removed. Other than that it&#39;s a total entertainer.

To all critic make a movie with 5 out of 5...Kitna movie bana liya.. review karta hai..

<b>2.0 &amp; KGF</b>

The review is baised and not correct. The entire movie is nice including 2nd half. 4 out 5

Incredible movie

All the best movie

Super

dnt worry we dnt think too much. we will jus watch n njoy the movie😂

AWSM 🎥

Good movie yar !!

Srk budhyy ko bap k role krny chahiye

Srk look like similar to Tyrion Lannister

I don&#39;t understand how many more movies does it take for Shahrukh and Salman Khan to realise that their time is up. They should give up acting and save Indian cinema.

Please give review on KGF movie

Indian film makers rather Hindi,  never grow up. All these kinda crap should fail miserable for a change to happen.

Is it not like , u watch the movie keeping things in mind, u want to see and when u don&#39;t find it that way.. you don&#39;t like the film at all.

overrated anushka sharma!!!  🙄

flop

Sorry rajive sir I Don&#39;t Know Aap ne kiss porane chasme se Film dekhi hai, Zero is a brilliant love story, ek nayi Kahani ke saath ek unique screenplay hai..

Sorry rajive sir I Don&#39;t Know Aap ne kiss porane chasme se Film dekhi hai, Zero is a brilliant love story, ek nayi Kahani ke saath ek unique screenplay hai..

why not ISRO? khasmanu khaane.

Wow  great movie ZERO blockbuster

He can score 120/120 in TOEFL

Tu lora hai

I am fan of Amir sir but this time srk come with great movie and acting ...

I am not a die hard srk fan but honestly Fake reviews before release and after released I cant imagine how badly all critics letting down the movie, I watched it and enjoyed itSmelling something fishy in media it seems khans vs all others anyways my advise to go and watch the movie and decide by urrself...

I am Iron man fan, and i want some mind blowing amazing action, war, army, superhero, Srk is 50+ , it&#39;s look sick to watch 50+ man in Romantic character,, So srk should have clear pictureWhat he is going into,, Dude do something different,, people sick of watching love story&#39;,

He should do roles like dear zindagi where he has a meaningful role he should realise time is changing. Him pulling off an only hero romantic movie days are gone

SRK is finished Aab isska Kakakaakiran nehin chalne wala SRK budhe aab to Producer baan jaa. Budha kahika

KGF Ke samne sach m bona h

He reviews Bollywood movies like in his head he is reviewing some Nobel classic. Listen to the wordings, like seriously ?? Can&#39;t these critics speak simple English. Calm down dude, LOL It&#39;s not that difficult, just a Bollywood movie.

I&#39;m a big fan of SRK but unfortunately he is wasting his acting potential! Back to back failures &amp; disappointment for his fans like me. Pls srk sir enough with crap comedy &amp; romance stuff, time to move on sir do some intense as well as an entertaining film! Please do some meaningful entertainment movie. You&#39;re wasting your time as well as ours! Love your acting but can&#39;t see your magic at all these days! Where is the shahrukh khan of baazigar, chak de, swades, kal ho na ho?? Firstly pls come out this romance genre you&#39;re 50 plus its time to do some thriller, intense movie for your caliber!

You are right sir... Zero is really 0

Please review KGF movie Rajeev... It&#39;s an osam movie.. From Karnataka...follower...

Kgf is best

Are yaar Hindi bolne me Kya dikkat hai????????

SRK is delusional cause he said that this film and his role will be far different and never seen before but the film turned turned out to be same. He&#39;s not a dwarf but same chichora SRK, In fan he&#39;s not that Fan but SRK! He&#39;s damn talented and currently one of the best actors, should stick to different films than Romantic Comedy or Average films like Raees.

why film companion and Rajeev masand&#39;s rating  are always same ....

Rajeev sir it&#39;s my request that please make review video in hindi also.

First half sahi hai, second half barbad hai..

ONLY THE SMALL-SIZED HUMAN COULD LEAP INTO SPACE. BUT YOU WON&#39;T GET IT, MR CRITIC!

Incoming Hate From SRK Fans

Anushka Sharma always takes up meaty roles and totally shits on them. Katrina Kaif is a better actress than her.

His choice of words though😁😁 now got it what tanmay meant in the AIB roast 😁😁

Mr Rajeev Masand is a BAD film critic. YOU DO NOT USE WORLDLY LOGIC FOR FANTASY AND ALLEGORICAL FILMS. BAUA IS A SHORT STATURED PERSON METAPHORICALLY. HE IS THE EVERYMAN , MOST OF US OUR NOBODYS WITH SUPERSIZE EGOES. BAUA REPRESENTS THE EXISTENIAL ANGST. HE WANTS TO ACHIEVE MORE THAN HIS &#39;QAD&#39; (OR HEIGHT) AND PUNCH ABOVE HIS WEIGHT. IT IS ONLY NATURAL THAT HE HAD TO GO AFTER HIS DREAMS AND INTO SPACE.  THE WRITER GAVE THE DIALOGUE ALL OF US ARE ACTUALLY 4&#39;6&quot;, THE REST OF THE HEIGHT IS ONLY ARTIFICIALLY CREATED BY US.

Flop hain movie

Where is KGF Review u think only Hindi movies are eligible for the review what about KGF which is realised in 5 language&#39;s

bollywood sucks

Indian Movie Review System. 🎞🎥First narrate almost the entire story and then mention which portions you didnt like ! 🙄

Nice movie , superb movie

Flop Movie Hai...

Same thing over and over.. just srk is short...anu is disable...then same love triangle..

Review KGF first sir, don&#39;t ignore KGF else this will be a paid review channel.

Katrina 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻Anushkha 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻but Kalki was better. SRK is SRK 👍🏻in any role his does. There is no variety in his acting👎🏼.  Some enjoy this, some won’t.

Zero😢😢flop

Full story whatt a review.🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️

Meri dictionary kaha h 😝😝

Watched Zero yesterday only and I  have enjoyed a lot. All lead actors have done excellence work especially Katrina. Second half is a bit lengthy but first half is full of entertainment. Don&#39;t believe on critics as they are mean criticize.PS:- I am neither SRK nor Sallu fan.

Jhantu movie

You too sir.???? I so disagree with your review this time.As an audience, I enjoyed the movie. What is it with all you critics...? You all really must have sat down with your ipads to note all the points you could critic about...but watch the movie for entertainment. It ain&#39;t a master piece but it was enjoyable. SRK again challenged himself and is awesome. Katrina too showcased acting. I wish Anushka could have done better.Except for the one last scene... I don&#39;t think anything was so bizarre.

overView movie and acting of shahrukh and anushka superb ,SuperHit movie for all time

I am really worried that the direction of common sense of regular Indian viewers going.agar yeh movie bhi nahi acchi laggi yaa samjhne mein itni hi mushkil ho rahi hai then you better be deserved race and thugs :P 24 GHANTE SAAS BAHU mat dekha karo kabhi apne bacchon ke saath DISCOVERY SCIENCE ETC bhi dekh liya karo.itni bhi koi fantasy yaa samjh se pare ki science nahi batayee hai movie mein, very much possible in near future or agar koi Indian hi isse achieve kare to i will really be a proud INDIAN. I agree the movie is a bit lengthy but kya farak padta hai akhir mein to movie acchi hi bani hai. Thank God maine after &#39;PK&#39; issi movie ko choona theatre mein paise kharach ke dekhne ko. KATRINA IS ACTUALLY A SHOW STEALER,anushka and shahrukh are awesome as well. MUST WATCH.

Review was a bit baised,the very fact that srks stardom has effected his way of presentation ......or else much more criticism can be expected if this was some other ordinary actor&#39;s movie.

What!!?? 2 stars is too much for this garbage. The director and all the actors must refund the money to all those people who have watched it! And srk ur days are over! Go do something else but please for god sakes stay away from acting

KGF Review

Review deta hai ya food recipe ??

Hit like for <a href="">#uri</a> .blockbuster of #2019.

KGF ka review  kab karega  Rajeev masand

Vfx even makes srk look younger in all in his movies..Srk doesn&#39;t have such smooth skin in real life.

One sentence &quot;Don&#39;t miss this movie&quot;

Review KGF as well

Makers would be over the moon with 2 as they themselves gave zero😆

Just saw zero inspite of negative reviews,but it was not that bad how critics are saying the problem of 2nd half was they were trying to show characters emotions in some unconventional way so execution was not easily understandable and there were many things going on screen.

अबे पहले खुद हिंदी तो सीख ले बे

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐for zero and SRK.

Katrina kaif killed it. She was the gem of zero. All 3 actors did fav acting . and the movie is also good but yeah there&#39;s little prb in story. But honestly katrina kaif won everyone&#39;s heart

don&#39;t go for such reviews guyss.. zero is a must watch movie..👌👌👌👌

Zero ke bad ab flop main simba ka no. Hoga

It is a very good entertaining movie...it is good new year gift to audience..

This was goin to b a flop...othrwise srk wudnt hav asked fr cameos to make his movie succeed...

I liked KGF, but did not like zero.

1st half deserves : 3.5 star2nd half deserves : -3.5 starIt completes total zero star for zero 😂

jealous for khan. Shame

Zero is logicless movie.... Wasted my time and money 😢🤧😷

As always 2.0 &gt; 0.

5 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟

BJP &amp; RSS Paid Reviews

<a href="">4:27</a> Thank me later

But good story must watch

Why can&#39;t this critics praise the efforts of filmmakers.

Faltu story....flop

Rubbish review

Thanks , for a honest review

<a href="">4:29</a>Rating is here. Thank me later

Sharuk, anushka, Katrina and baova singh friend all r acted 👌👌👌

super floop

Rajeev Masand ji please direct a film and then I will give an awesome review for your film

Srk ka end ho gya I think I will always wonder why he said no to 3 idiots and muna Bhai

Nice movie.....

Anushika is Rele bas

Glad to have your articulate, honest description of the torture/ appreciation we experience. It feels like we are venting with you too, listening to it 😂😂

Sale isne to 3idots ko bhi 2 star diya the..chuuuutya kahi ka

App hindi film ka english m reviw kr rhe ho... What .....&#39;

480p reviews, that is insult to your followers. I had high expectations for this movie, shocked by 2 stars rating.

Floop

KGF is coming

Achhi movie h bhai.. 2nd half is somehow slow than 1st half bt not boring... Overall 3 stars out of 5. 😍

Chutiya hai kya sale... I am not a SRK fan ..but this movie is not that bad 🙏. And Anushka did her role brilliantly.

Anushka was the best amongst them..plus there were romantic scenes which were pretty good

Indian audience and critics are pathetic. They like a movie with action which has no reality or storyline but when it comes to Love story we want everything real and believable. The Main thing about a film or even a book is connect with character and empathy towards him/her which the film does. But sadly people want fake action scenes punches and useless fight or brainless comedy. Also peculiar thing about SRK is howsoever different genre he does he gets hatred and criticism so there&#39;s no point listening them.

2 stars by Rajeev Manpasand Save your time :)

actually zero is zero....I&#39;m totally upset.

This year was a big slap for the so called king khans. This year was an example that we indians refuse to take shit that these so called superstars are trying to serve us.

Katrina kaif is the best in zero...kya acting ki h...she stole oll lymlight...it ill give her career a new boost..

Hindi me bole british bro

Jiske paas bhot free ka paisa ho wahi dekhe theatre me...

SRK is called as King of Romance... if you dont expect that in his movies.. then don&#39;t go for his movies

I watched the interview after watching the movie  ... I can undoubtedly say ZERO IS THE BEST MOVIE OF THE YEAR... Loved Baauu and ZEESHAN.... Its a MUST WATCH. critics nowadays can&#39;t understand emotions.

Don&#39;t worry srk. Simbaa will be worst than zero.

My bored with all the four khans in bollywood Now it&#39;s  Raj kumar RaoAayshman khuranaRanbir kapoorRanvir singh Varun dhawan Are my top 5 favourite

480p is all you got huh motu?

Not defending the movie but if people are bashing because the story is silly ( which it is ) then they should have said the same about 2.0 Robot .There effects and vfx became the main point with the logic &quot;oh it&#39;s something new happening here &quot; .Well folks even Zero had some of the best vfx bollywood has ever seen .Give credit for that at least .

Watch kgf it&#39;s fantastic.

really zero a real garbage with  too much coincidence and lots of illogical things  .

katarr bhakto ke lie achi khabar ... q keh unke jija log flops pe flops dete jarahe hai... jalo salo jalo

Bhai ka reveiw aya h dictionary lao be

Katrina is worst and untalented actor in Bollywood

It seems having  khans now do not gurantee box office success..good trend new ppl will get chance n established ones will have to compete hard..



KGF review plz

1.25x is normal speed here😑

Which Khan irritated you most with their flop movie?1) Salman - Race 32) Aamir - Thug of Hindostan 3) Shahrukh - Zero😂😂😅😅

Is sal teeno Khan flop

Dekho hi mat ZERO

Bauaa singh is hero of the movie

Sir, please review KGF

Bhai...plzzzzz ye movie dekho ..yaar critics ki mat suno ....1 baar movie dekh ke aao fir pata chalega ki movie kaisi hai

Zero performance movie..

I really loved the <a href="">movie.It</a> was awesome!!! Undoubtedly the best SRK movie so far and the best movie of 2018.These critics deliberately give bad reviews to get attention and more views.

please review of kgf movie please

not good movie

Chootya .. Chakka .. Rajeev ghusand ...

zero sucks

Ohh!! So anuskha is playing Stephen Hawking .

Where is my dictionary

zero is just average film..

Bad anchor. Rattafication at its best.

This movie is enjoyable only for those below 40 years old.....and those hearts are still young......

Andhadun, Tumbaad, Badhai Hoo, Stree, Sanju, Padvamat, Raazi, Parmanu, Sui Dhaaga These Movies Were Masterpiece Of 2018. And Some Motherfucking Movies Of 2018 Is Race 3, Thugs Of Hindosdon, Loveyatri, Yamla Pagla Dewana, Bhaiya SuperHit . But Some MotherFuckers Are Trying To Add Zero And 2.0 Too 😩😩

Anushka and Deepika are most over rated actoress of bollywood. Both can only pull off average acting but only work on looks!!!

The problem with Shahrukh Khan is he always chooses to work with established directors only. It&#39;s been 11 years since he hasn&#39;t given us a quality movie. Like Akshay Kumar  he should look/work with new directors, writers. Don&#39;t be afraid of flops and don&#39;t give a shit to those chutiya dumb fans who likes same kinda films over and over again. Always try to keep a low key when you part of any film.. Real cinema fans will always remember your quality films even though if that film will not work on box office.  Swades was a box office failure but it is one of my top ten movies in Hindi cinema. Don&#39;t give too much importance to box office collection.. Because when you die no one is gonna talk about your box office numbers except India&#39;s bgrade news channels. Just play the characters according to your age not these flirting masala type roles. My last movie on theatre was yours Chak De! and after that My Name is Khan on DvD. Haven&#39;t watched a single film from yours since that day! Bring me back again to the theatre please. 😭🙏

Hindi n aati

Simbaa Ki Maa Chudegi Ab , Zero Ka Gussa Kahi To Nikalna Hai

KGF super movie and I I like movie even being North Indian

Please review KGF movie

Kuch bhi Maskand<b>Chal Bose DK</b>

Ye kaisa review hai😂😂😂😂😂 review se jyada iska bolne ka tarika alag hai😂😂😂😁

Zero flop

Nothing can beat &quot;Manto&quot;, when it comes to brilliant cameos.

After every review from Mr.Masand... So many great words are &quot;swimming in my mind&quot; -:)

zero is the best movie of this year.e chutia media wale zero ko flop karne main lage hua hain.

super movie kgf

Critic= people with no leg trying to teach how to play scoccer..

Thugs of hindustan=flop2.0=mediamRace 3=flopZero=flop 2018=flop

Shahrukh make more meaning full movie than salman atleast and when that can go hot,then it would b unfair to ignore this movie

exactly &quot;is it OK to make fun of disabled if the person doing it is disabled himself &quot; but also it changed our perception about disabled person..whatever the disability they also are normal to laugh and cry with..only giving sympathy is not required.

RAJEEV MASAND HAS FAIRLY REVIEWED ZERO WITH 2 STARS .THE MOVIE HAS BEEN HYPED UP LIKE ALL SRK MOVIES DURING THE LAST 10YRS WHEREAS ONLY CHENNAI EXPRESS WAS UP TO THE MARK.

Mai to vaise bhi ghanta nahi dekhta ...ab to tv pe bhi nahi dekhunga...is 31st ko to aa hi jaayegi kisi channel pe😂

Who is here for reading comment

Trying to be politically correct Mr. Masand?? Have courage to call spade a spade. This movie doesn&#39;t deserve more than 1 star or may be 0.5. And I&#39;m not SRK hater, instead I watch all his movies. Honestly sit through entire 2 hours 45 min is nothing less than a torture. Being a fan of movies I hope this is last crap movie from him.With Ranbir and Ranveer both kind of becoming superstars and Varun Dhawan, Tiger, Ayushman close behind.. unless he changes his way of working and choice of movies, tough times for SRK even to sustain.

Okk. I some how liked the movie, did not feel bore and better than last couple of SRK movies -- why alll ratings are bad???does any one else feel same too?

KGF best movie

Because of flopping of a zero simmba will  roar at the box office.

I’m a big fan of Srk.But to be honest the beginning of the movie was good,until in the middle to the ending that’s where I got disappointed.

Chal apna kam kar!

I have somehow always felt Anand L. Rai and Himanshu’s way of storytelling as incoherent, with bizarre and random scenes in between. To me tanu weds manu, twm returns and Ranjhaana worked due to its terrific performances and less glamorous actors.

i think its a honest review by rajeev sir

Spiderman into the spiderverse is the best movie of December 2018

movie is great zero is must watch movie

It&#39;s a good movie .comedy ,emotion &amp; romance .....everything is there in movie ...I enjoyed

This movie reminded me of KL Rahul 😳

Srk is most overrated tatti star ever

I mostly go with Rajeev Masand&#39;s review, as he speaks very genuinely without any partiality! &amp;...I knew beforehand that ratings of ZERO would b limited in between 2-2.5 Hah...I love that old srk😘Nowadays... I don&#39;t know why! But, srk always disappoints

KGF review de be

Cerebral palsy with great iq..aisa bhi hota hai

dafuq  does he speak from the English novel ..... damn  to hear him out

Really zero is a awesome movie....one of the best movie of 2018

Really zero is a awesome movie....one of the best movie of 2018

FY- RM

I luvd it...don’t know why people disliked it......it is a fun to watch and best acting ❤️❤️

Sharuk khan nambar  1 actar hai  very good good good good good good

Its 2018 why still 480p?

Zero nambar  1 movie  hai. Very good good good good good good good

kgf movie reviews plz

Go watch<a href="">#kgf</a> better than 0

Sanju best movie of 2018❤️

Zero  ya sorrow

I don&#39;t think this guy would review kgf.. he will review only selected movie only .........

Superb review! Exactly my views, seeing the trailer itself 😂

Dare you.. You have no guts to review KGF.. You don have thematurity to review a movie like KGF

kgf movie ki review plz

Kgf Dekho 💪🏻

Rajiv Masand B*<b>********</b> Hai.

Awesome movie...Public needs to see this masterpiece 👍👍👍👍

Great direction. Powerful performance by actors...StrOng screenplay...5star

Who is eagerly waiting for simbas review than film itself... 😂

let&#39;s see what happens,if you don&#39;t understand picture, so at least no negative publicity for picture by your program. Thank you

Rajeev Masand talks in a very scripted way. And the film is SHIT! But Rajeev has always been licking all khan’s arses!

Ye madarchod bhenchod logon  ko Hollywood dubbing chahiye agar Bollywood Kuch naya kare to usse appreciate karna chahiye Na ki usko flop karar Dena chahiye

It&#39;s great movie

SRK <b>time</b> <b>has gone</b>Simba would be worse than zero in terms of script &amp; that is so evident by its trailer itself, yet the business of Simba will be better than zero.

I don&#39;t understand this - Shahrukh sir, you went from choosing scripts like Chak De, Swades, Kal Ho Na Ho to choosing ones like Ra1, Chennai Express, Dilwale, JHMS and now this. Sir, please pehle jaisey scripts choose karo sir, we want to see you choose those ones.

Neck rotation movement is perfectly calculated by Rajiv sir... 😊😊😀

chuti rajiv masand sada mt jaake khud film bana...

for zero  5 stars

KGF blockbuster movie....

Superflop zero

It&#39;s not that bad they way he has portrayed.  I can give 3.5 stars to the movie.  It&#39;s a adorable movie and please rate the acting of people and not the back drops

sahi  diya review superflop  zero

Sir ek baar public review dekh lo... aap apna ye review delete kar ke dusra review banane par majbur ho jaoge.... ur review is wronggggggg

<a href="">#kgf</a>

😂😂😂 SRK era is over

The movie was one of the finest Indian films in the past 5 years.....this is coming from a Non-Indian and clearly we are the ones who are supposed to give reviews not other Indians.....trust me....this movie is definitely something special with a capital S!!

Kgf review.     ........ waiting..................

Ur review and analysis is totally wrong and misleading Sir... some of the reviewers like u go to watch the movie just to analyse and on top of it to seek for negation... and if u don’t get one... u ll urself make one and many... bt yes that’s only ur perspective Sir... don’t compare with Tanu weds Manu... ur questions in ur head are garbage... This way u r not gonna like and appreciate any movie though... be true reviewers.. not spoilers pls... the crew is working hard and if u look at everyone’s acting...   it’s mind boggling... Srk has not overacted... Katrina has acted for the first tym as if &amp; My Dear Teady bear 🐻... go and see the movie one more tym.... Anushka has proved to be a show stopper... she has rocked.... awesome and not at all awkward... it seems soo soo real.... so pls dont mislead ppl Atleast... if u can’t cherish their great endeavours... The movie is awesome guys... Best of 2018 &amp; I am not really a big fan of Anushka but she has bcm the star ⭐️ of the Decade Atleast 👍🏻

I agree with Rajeev 🌟 🌟

Kuch bhi, aisa kabhi hota hai kya Bhai itni bhi liberty mat liya Karo

Shahrukh tatti khan

Prone to kissing on highways🤣 and chu...apna style to change kar bolne ka

KGF review maadu guru..:)

Provide KGF Review

Worst Movie. I didn&#39;t like the story at all. Some scenes will cringe you and some some would be senseless. SRK only knows about love. I am fed up with this concept. Love, love and love nothing else you can get from SRK. They don&#39;t want to make sensible movies. Only when SRK will teach us about love then only we will be able to love. Come on guys make some sensible movies on various concepts like time travel, space, India&#39;s rich history, scientists, economics, patriotic, comedies.....etc. India is having rich history of 10000 years. Can&#39;t you make movies on that? Movie zero is straight from the fantasy world. The 2nd part of this movie is very boring and keep your brain aside while watching such laughable movie.

480p man 😀

Zero is Zero

One of the best movie of SRK....!

zero is amazing

<b>SIR, EAGERLY WAITING FOR &quot;KGF&quot; MOVIE REVIEW..</b>

KGF review please

KJF

Sad to see SRK movies not doing well. No one can fight age.Hope he is as intelligent as Big B and start doing films that suits his age.He has achieved so much and given us so much joy. But new generation has to take over now.

Review about &quot;KGF&quot;  man.....

Hindi ch bol Mader codh

zero is blockbuster

All 3 khans disappointed this yearBut zero was best of all 3 if you have to comapre them

Srk has been finishedSo he should stop his overacting

Next year on dc streaming service-THE CRISIS ON INDIA- FALLEN KINGDOMS OF KHAN

Three khans show there level Race 3 thugs zero

Kindly support KGF also

Bekar movie h dekhli mene bakwas👎👎

After watching Tumbaad &amp; Andhadhun, I started carrying my Brain to Bolly movie...but agn, Zero made me realize my mistake😂😂

ajj tak ki sabse ghatiya film dekhi yeh maine. :( feeling Disappointed what is happening :(

Movie is amazing...Kal hi apne friends ke sath dekh ke aa rha hoon...or sach me movie achhi hai.Really dont go for negative fake reviews go and watch the film and then decide...

KGF blockbuster~ Direction, screen paly ,story ,Action , cinematography , visuals are awesome 👌👌👌Zero ~  love story , illogical , weak story line 👎👎👎KGF Rocks 💪💪💪Zero flops 👎👎👎

All of u watch KGF

Critics ki baat mat suno har ek choice alag Hoti hai jise dekha hai deko jise nahi dekh na  hai mat dekho.

You people not reviewing KGF movie. Why this partiality. Kgf everybody is liking.

Rajeev ji aapko Kon hote ho Jo movie Ko review denewale.hame aapke hisab se movie dekne chahiye.wo AAP hi the jisne wanted movie Ko 1/2 star diya tha.aap ka review dekha kar movie hum log dekhne lagjaye to hame sirf art or documentary hi dekhna chahiye.

5 stars out of 5 ...outstanding film...I will watch again...fantastic film

Public response is outstanding...

You almost spoiled the whole movie af.

i have always noted that despite Rajivs relationship with stars remains friendly ( like in the interviews he does with them ) he remains absolutely objective and fair in his reviews . THumbs UP !

Plz give review of KGF

I really wanted this film to work. Feeling bad for SRK. I know it isn&#39;t really worth it but I&#39;ll still give it a watch just because I&#39;ve waited eagerly for Zero.

**/5😆😆

Webseite aur critics ki mat suno...movie bhot achiii h bhaii...mai dekh kr aaya hu....Movie end ke baad poora theatre clap kiya tha

🤣🤣🤣

Bollywood = Bhaar mei jaye plot n logic. Entertain karo logo ko jaise taise aur paise kamao.

Review KGF

Kgf review

Beginning of the end for Saudi funded &quot;Khan-wood&quot; cinema. Writing is on the wall.

Katrina&#39;s career over

Even Brazzers porn story delivers more believable story than this...😑😑😑😑😑😑

The khan&#39;s are a big dissapointment😂😂

Watched movie. Besides being a srk fan Little disappointed. Second half was particularly illogical and bizarre. Just pieces doesn&#39;t fit in the places till last. Otherwise SRK and anushka did their job 200%. Katrina&#39;s is best work till date. Industry indeed is going through khan crisis and this is great, people appreciating content over stars. Hope this will opens up bollywood eyes and will make more content driven movies. I&#39;ll watch tummbad 10 times instead of race 3, thugs of hindostan and Zero. Otherwise movie is one time watch. If second half of the movie could&#39;ve been as good as first half then Zero would&#39;ve been 2018&#39;s best movie

I an going with zero out of 5 for zero

2/5 thanks for the honest review, Eagerly waiting for the KGF movie review, especially from you Rajeev

Very average movie

Meine movie dekhi Hein kalSuper entertaining nd emotionalSuper hit. Movie Hein ZeroPublic&#39;s review bhi bahat achi Hein dekh lo

Itni sahi picture chal rai thi... Second half mein gadbad kar dali

Biggest Flopbusters of 2k18.               1)Race 3.  2)TOH.  3) Zero.   4) Simba[coming soon].😂😂

KGF is best

Rajeev masand can play vertically challenged person with out any vfx

BC jahaa dekho jhaantu log KGF KGF le kr aa rhe hai. ghanta koi bhao deta KGF ko agr zero k saath release nhi hoti.

Pehle review kyon nahi diya280rs  barbad ho Gaye mere.Second half is mental tourture

Do KGF  Review

Zero is v god movie

I need entertainment only Which movie guyz zero or kgf?

Zero can be watched once but the reaction of audience towards TOH is appreciable , Now the Bollywood movie maker will definitely think twice before presenting shits to the audience ,At the same time the movies like badhai ho gets the treatment what it deserve is a great move in producing quality cinema in further years

What, Katrina acted well?Oh wait, she was playing her real life characterWhat a Diva

Audience are too smart , they are not mesmerize by these stars at all . You can see all the hit movies in recent times . Untill and unless script , direction n acting  perfect movie will not work. BOLLYWOOD  pls grow up.

I want see KGF review

Yes i&#39;m a srk fan and i agree with you.

Subko pata hai 3 sal se srk k khilaf kya chlra hai to apni bakwas bnd kar picture sub se best hai aur rahegy

I think kedarnath should be  the movie with best plot

pata tha aisa hi hoga

Jhelao movie hai.. Bich me chod diya.. Cant tolerate.. Ab Budho ko kon hero manega bhai..  khano accept kar lo ki jamana gaya ab..  BAap ka role karo..  Like amir in dangalTab chaloge..  Chumaa chati band karo..

Review KGF movie sir ? Oh sorry I&#39;m in wrong channel this was paid media OK !🤣😂any body watch KGF movie !👇 hit like button

Sala film Dekha ya Nahi review dene aagaya.

Mr.Rajeev Desai waiting for KGF movie review.

Rajeev ji.... Was waiting for your genuine review.... Thank you for the same.... I think kgf wud be a better watch

Rajeev Masand chutiya hai saala

Kamal Hasan was better without VFX in appuraja

Zabardast hai film

Zero all time Blockbuster hai
