If you could ask Sara one question, what would it be?

it is more like vivo ka promotion 

Okey Dyson position from momok edition everything for breathing problem no problem Malaysian mommies network edition understand you know this one in handle you going g vision understand new version new focus no prob invented in everything okey because you&#39;re going to g vision of everything outside Sarah you understand under 100 porno everything perangai Indon Indon everything is in Islam understand fokus perang dunia understand raider OOO dunia akhirat okey universiti problem promo everything for me

Thank you so much syarikat you going to make Instagram international you understand okey snowwolf wocket understand next time kostum doktor sakit interpreting miss you know open don&#39;t understand beautiful and control i know everything

I have to add only 13 pics to this big actress's phone...sb deal, I am showing this pic...and I have to add to the phone lol...
Same phone Vivo S1 pro
That’s not her real phone Btw

Which celeb use Vivo mobile ? 

I Know Something About U After Seeing This Video Mam; U Have High Satus,High Build Up,High Attitude But The Most Imp.Thing U Don&#39;t Is Acting,Phir Bhi U R Surviving As An Actress Ur Very Lucky Mam 

Bollywood wale movies Hindi krde aw bolde English aw. British di Nazayaz Aulad Bollywood wale
Omo she said bts after that i am so happy amd my heart became faster love you sara 
Bts army

She has a good sense of humour

Sara ali khan is my favorite actress    
That is not even her phone

How many BTS armies here  borahae
I can&#39;t live without pinkvilla

Yuck 
What is your real phone number

Ooh God finally I got a celebrity using other than iPhone

1000th comment
Promotion of VIVO S1 PRO

Love it ️
I WAS SHOCKED WHEN SHE SAID BTS PHOTOSTHEN REALISED IT WAS BEHIND THE SCENES.

If you call himHe will say sorry to youMarry you sara

Karthik aryan loves you He want to marry youCall him

Sara , woww

ᗷTS⟭⟬ in k-pop
Sara ke pass to me jisi top h 
I hate Sara Ali kahn
Are you wearing underwear?
The first part where she has to act as if she taking selfie’s is the worst acting I have ever seen

This phone name

There is no limit to hypocrisy...means, how much does the public love in the name of advertisements, these stars are made naughty kids.
I am to also make my what’s in my phone you I will make my video and

Video is sponsored by vivo

Video edit app

Video edit app

Video edit app

Most use app

I&#39;m just a normal human I just saw that phone in Sara,s hand and I thought is she really uses this vivo instead of iphone she is Just promoting that phone 

Sara Ali khan does not hav iPhone .!!
<a href="">1:05</a> she has only 13 total photos , now its sure she doesn&#39;t uses that phone 

Suhana
I too have vivo S1 pro

Sara could be a good english tutor

Ads:- what does sara do Me:- disturbs me while watching ur video

 ohhh!!! Sara di use android phone !!!!!!!!!
Your phone is filled with contact of drug edictors

Did I just watch Sara&#39;s interview or an ad of Vivo?

I love you

Hi all, I am young on your mobile, I am also young, you are also young. I love you.
Worst product of nepotism 

My one question is really fat before and know she got slim body because I saw in many news and I saw her pic is that was really true if somebody knows please reply me.......

It&#39;s not on its in my phone

Do you use Vivo phone?
 Keep Smiling  MAY ALLAH BLESS YOU WITH HEALTH HAPPINESS SUCCESS AAMEEN 
sara please you are favroutie actreress plz change your attitude please stop listening to your step mother please no one is liking you now

Are they promoting vivo ?!!

️️️️sara️️️️
Just brand pramosion

She uses iOS but also uses android

Every one is here after nykaa ad

Army. Tooo

Randy Sarah Ali Khan
1.1m views
Vivo!!!!! 
I hate you Sara
<a href="">1:40</a>

None has blessed our parents in this comment section 

Your dress is what&#39;s beautiful

I thought it must be an iPhone. Bikhari
Mtlb promotion ki bhi hd hoti hai friend
Hi.. I&#39;m a business partner of forever company... If u want to earn more than lakhs in a month doing hardwork.... Plz to share ur contact so I can contact you soon... Ty

Honestly....it&#39;s not a very good phone my dad has it and regrets buying it...

I thought she would have iPhone

Includes paid promotion!
His struggle is also of upper level brother.
Hot ha yaar
Brother, you use this IPHONE as HI but you are promoting VIVO
Nasheri
Cute

just she named bts? .... army.. where are you?

I think Sara should change her hair style Instead of of open hair, Who agree please like

She sucks

Wow!!!!  I have too..... This phone 
Ohh god it&#39;s just promotion

They were promoting her phone,nail paint and ring.

Ab yeh phone Ncb k pss h .....great

Top three people I dial the most- 1stly, my drug peddler obviously,

NCB is looking for your phone

At least one celebrate have an android phone

I remember the song)ganja ganja ( 
Who is here after her drug case

Probably drug dealers phn nums

I am a very big fan of you Sara mam

Top 3 people must include the contact of your beloved drug peddler naa! 

Fuck u sara
chal hat
I also have this phone

What is Nepotism? 
What&#39;s on her phone?long list of Drug dealers contacts

03108164284

Cam is focusing more on phone

I have same top

She has an iPhone 8 and she also did the same segment on her iphone

She’s promoting the phone

Starting me likha hi hua h included paid promotion (for phone)

Wth vivo phone&#39;s battery drains out so quickly
I saw in my videos on youtube where sara ali kan is using her i phone 8 but in this i saw her VIVO .. Is it a promotion or she is really using this phone ????

<b>AFTER THE SHOOT, THROWS VIVO INTO DUSTBIN &amp; PICKS UP THE IPHONE BACK</b>

Very nice

Itna lamba vivo ad
Please ask an interview with kartik aaryan what&#39;s in his phone segment @kartikaaryan @pinkvilla

My friend goes to every post of hers and does this
Sara u are my favorite

It is so creepy for B&#39;wood PR agencies to make the audience believe that Sara is so &#39;intelligent&#39; and &#39;smart&#39;. I just hope the audiences judge these &#39;celebs&#39; by their work and not what they are made to believe through the media/publicists

Aunty no.1...

nice song btw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Boycott her
Kangana is now after her what say guys about it?

Nice dress
Which app does she use

i Found one celebrity without a iphone . WOW . and who is very careable person that it her phone and life her family exists . u are the one . love u a lot sara ali khan , just rock it .

It&#39;s just a promotional video by vivo .

Most used app: google meet for online class

Over acting nepo kid
look at the way she dresses shabash musalman tumhara jahanum jana to pakka hai batee 

Does mom means Kareena Kapoor Khan

Watching all her vedios. Iam becoming a fan of her.

I ” am your greatest friend Zubia Khan
Every time i used to see her interviews..  bcoz no one is so adorable like her.  She is the queen of Bolly wood...

yuck vivo promotion
Aww she&#39;s so so sweet I love her voice she&#39;s a very pretty girl so cute and beautiful I love her like so so much such a sweet girl so sweet and kind aww such a sweetheart

Aww this is like so so sweet you&#39;re the sweetest person ever like so so good

Aww she&#39;s so so sweet such a sweet girl I love herime so so much such a sweetheart

She is super cool nawabzaadi 
This is more like which phones is this??...than what’s on the phone??!

Even I use vivo.. So famous vivo
Did she say that she is obsessed with BTS .

Change the title to &quot;Interview with VIVO&quot;

Looking auntie

Sara is great  

Kuchhh bhiii hn saaaraaaa toh commercial tha 
You have not I phone

Bts army is really huge.even she loves them

Name of background music

Beautiful  video.
Sarah Ali kha is cute sara .Beautiful and lovely  girl.

<a href="">2:35</a>me too

I like sara she doesn&#39;t behave like a star  kid ️

We don&#39;t want to know what&#39;s in your phone..  We want all the Hot Girls contact numbers (वैसे सिर्फ तुम्हारा bhi Chalega ) from your phone, So plz help us... N share all your sexy girls contacts here   .. Those who agree with us.. Hit like
This video is sponser by vivoPINKVILLA: NoSara: yeah it is

Brother, Sara also uses S1 pro, so who uses her XXX pro max phone?
when she said bts i think she also meant behind the scenes but i hope she meant bangtan sonyeondan

I&#39;m sure i heard BTS and i doubled checked and yessss i stan them too ARMY!!!!!! FOR LIFE

When she started to talk fluently i feel like someone is hitting inside of my head..

Oh my favorite actress sara and shraddha (commented by Shreya)

Vivo sponsored 
That&#39;s not her phone , it doesn&#39;t even have a sim  She&#39;s using wifi

lol lakhan

It is full of promotion

Sponsored by Vivo ???

Sara's pussy...chhi
Include paid promotion?

I love you sara ali khan 
danish zehen loves sara but dead
Sara has been popular within 3 films wow!

She is so simple and cuteShe is not so selfishAll actors majority I have seen them with iPhone, but she has an vivo phone. Great. Best actress. Innocent and cute. 

BTS

I am the biggest fan of sara ali khan in this world

She is looking so sexy in this dress

Vivo advertisement
i thing she is promoting vivo s1

I will ask about kartik aaryan
Sara you are not genuine ... its just a promotion of vivo .

I thought her name zara Ali Khan with the pronunciation all the time

Mom means amrita or kareena????

Wow we have same phones

She is making this statement and is advertising Vivo phone. There is no society
BTS means behind the scene for God&#39;s sake K-pop fans

Can you please give your phone number

Can you please sing a song

My mum has the same mobile wife? ? 

Sara ali Khan very happy Eid Allah have you long life and beauty

Ooooooooo Pagal Sara Ali ke pass vivo Sara ke pass iPhone hai kiu be beawakuf 
People r not foolishPromo is gng good Vivo Vivo VivoVivo 
How did u manage to be so thin?

Promoting mobile brand.....pesaaaaaaa
Mam you are a very good actor l very much like your movie simmba with ranveer

This is not her phone at alll..... Because i see her insta stories so she puts her photo where she is infront of the mirror so obviously we can see her phone too... She have iphone 11 pro max

Love u sara ji
Plot twist- this is not her phone!!Do you all seriously think a celebrity will use a vivo phone instead of iphone

When she said bts photos I thought she meant the kpop boy band bts lol

Fake interview she uses iPhone 8 the promotion made the video worse

What is the meaning of bts??

Accidently I thought she is BTS  fan ARMY sorry

Sweet and cute but I just saw love Aaj kal.....overacting and cringy acting

1980

I love Sara!!!!!!!!!
Sara am your biggest fan you can call this number 7005808783

Was it promotion of vivo phone

It&#39;s more looking as promotion of vivo not an interview.. 

She was right deepika  is quite cul who agrees hit a like

I can't use it on a cheap phone.
She uses oppo 

I think vivo paid her a lot for this 

have you seen the episode of KWK when sara went there with her fatherif u have seen then hit like

she is really to cute yaar waiting for her next movie coolieno.1

&quot;I was obsessed with BTS photos&#39; for a sec my heart dropped knowing that she is into k pop

FLOP talentless nepotism product
Sara is really acting too much about her Iphone

A question which i wanna ask it would be to show a childhood pictures

I Think That Phone Is Actully Not Sara&#39;s Phone , or is it just me?

Sara please come to Bangalore

Sara is my obsession 

Sara Ali Khan scored 94% in her HSC examinations and she doesn&#39;t know to use the Google Maps !!

CAN U GUYS BELIEVE SARA&#39;S VIVO AD JUST CAME BEFORE THIS VID AND SHE IS USING THAT PHONE ONLY

Sara ️
I Love You Sara

How much money can I use for Vivo?
Ad bhi sara ka aaya
Who else noticed her tan?

Celebrities and no I phone

Lol vivo S1 pro was launched after shooting of LAK

Sara&#39;s mouth is a paid actor.

Totally scripted by vivo creative team

I love sara ali khan.  She is so beautiful.

So much fakeness in this video...fuck off vivo promotion only

Really she is using vivo instead of Apple 

Endorsements have become too much now a day&#39;s

I have promoted myself a lot.
What does it mean by includes paid promotion

I am using s1pro same colour as you using

Am I the only one who saw the memes were also from pinkvilla lol. The amount of cringe is a big oof 

This Sara is too overhype now. Thank God that love aaj kal failed 

My pupils constricted when she said BTS i thought she&#39;s talking about the legendary biggest boyband in the world 

There are only 13 photos on her vivo mobile

I just only noticed bts word in this segment

Is that an iphone 

Just skipped Sara ali khan phone add to see sara Ali Khan phone

Ads disguised as interviews. SHAME!

Sara Ali Khan Vs Kartik Aaaryan Super Jodi
Hi please do it with shraddha kapoor also

I THOUGHT SHE WAS ARMY 
BTS!!!! Army where are you...

I’m addicted to YouTube and Tik Tok not everyone has millions of followers

Sara -mein apne i phone ko what&#39;s on My phone ke session mein ley jaa sakti hoonvivo-paisa vapas bhez

You talk about the importance of phone so what about kashmiri people they were not able use their  mobile phone services for 6 months .can you feel that pain

Sara is wearing a B in today's (31/1/2020) video... ? ?
Is no one going to talk about when she said BTS which means behind the scenes but Now a days its more commonly known as the biggest and the best boy band in the wrld

Sara
Varun Mitra &amp; Sara Ali Khan Phone 
I hate sara
When she say potty emoji  she is the best 

Interview nhi vivo ki add de rhi h
Are you advertising about your phone brand ?

Sara ali khan look and talk like amrita singh....I really miss amrita singh while see sara ali khan

<b>Warning</b>- Everyone is talking about Vivo in this niche
I am astonished to know that the rhombus design will make the camera better.

Sorry but poori video mei vivo ka promotion hi dikh raha tha

She overreacts a lot to everything

<b>Why tf she doesn&#39;t use a Galaxy/iPhone!?</b>

Why so much Bad ,crigneworthy Acting in Love Aajkal ???? &quot;You're starting to bite me&quot;
Fake people dhe owns iphone in real life

ghatiya girl
Sara...During Interview: Picture captured on my vivo S1 Pro.After Interview:where is my damn iPhone...this vivo S1 Pro sucks???Poor celebs promotions
How much you were paid to do this? we know for a fact that you will never use a vivo in your life and we are not stupid believe this

Great simplicity
IPhone to sara- Why did you put me aside, oh mother!!!!!!
This is not a phone segment  at all. It feels like a Vivo S1 pro advertisement

I wish it was an honest segment.

Love your vibe girl!!️
Please do this segment with Jennifer Winget  ....

Full fill up of fake girl

I came here to watch what&#39;s really on Sara Ali Khan&#39;s phone but ended up seeing a VIVO advertisement.

It&#39;s your phone
sara looks a lot like saif too

Vivo s1 pro ad promotion interview waste

Why is she repeating Vivo reinstating that it&#39;s a paid partnership

Pinkvilla plzzz do a video of what&#39;s in my makeup bag with shraddha kapoor plzzzz ️️

O God people Are so stupid!... might be she has 2 phones....like seriously!!!

Saif's genes are so strong that, from Sara to Taimur, everyone has the same eyes and beard!
Bhenchod sponsored kiya he tho kam se kam bollo tho

Sponsored by vivo

I felt lik she is promoting vivo brand

Directly bol do na Vivo phone ko promote karrehe ho

It was not a what&#39;s in my phone with sara....It was just a vivo phone promotion with sara By the way  sara is looking so pretty as alws 

Its not a interview its an advertisement for vivo

Was it a vivo ad??
When she said BTS pictures , my first thought was K-pop bts band and then realized she meant behind the scenes (bts in short)   like it if u are an army or into K-pop

Beauty

And look she can&#39;t even differentiate between right and left.. bloody dumbo most hype actress

Yeah. She got nothing to say to promote her film, as she was busy promoting her Vivo phone. 

Mention that a video is sponsored at the beginning of it @Pinkvilla! Basic transparency etiquette. SMH.

sponsored by vivo ,,,where is ur own mobile phone???

For a moment I thought bts photos meant the Korean band pics

Sara mam where is ur iPhone ?

Had c not been a vivo icon n told iPhone iPhone iphone like all other celebs do.. I guarantee d comment section would have been lot different

God level Promotion ....

Sara, why don&#39;t you improve your acting skill?

Isn&#39;t Sara  obsessed with karthik aryan so much

Sara to vivo&#39;s owner - Aaj khush to bahut hogey tum 

Sar is addicted to btsssssssssss armyyyyyy

iPhone be like : me kya kro job chodh do

Tattyi Phone


Mashallah
Do this segment and bag segment with Janhvi Kapoor pls pls pls?????¿????

It&#39;s not what&#39;s on my phone,  it&#39;s vivo ad

I use vivo what s the problem

S1 pro 
Her driver was Soo lucky

they shud have focused on the pix!

Did she just now mentioned BTS !!

Mine all time fav actors
Lol she doesn&#39;t know how to use Google maps..... She is dumb.

She is getting annoying and lies too

“Boys are most addicted to phones.”Me- I am still alive!!!Who all are girls and are addicted to phones???

Too fake to handle

You are looking pretty  sara 

When she said bts I thought bangtan sonyeondan but then I remembered that BTS also stand for behind the scene 

Really .. once more vivo  .. people come here to see your real life phone , your apps etc . I am okay . But people who really love you and are ur die hard fans , don’t disappoint them .. and you make them see vivo 

The add seriously ruined the gist of the video. Like it’s supposed to be her discussing her iPhone not an advertised phone with few marked pictures sent to it. Disappointed video, should have named it after an add rather than what’s on my phone. The “My” part was missing.

She looks weird 

Her communication skills is amazing but acting 
I’m sure she uses iPhone

<a href="">4:03</a> That’s literally me as I LOVE DEEPU! ️
Sara , girl you should just become a youtuber , you&#39;re acting skills are horrible.  Better to use your conversation skills and become a host

When you have iPhone 11 pro but do commercial and use budget phone  I have Nokia 7 plus Just saying

Real phone details not paid Vivo phone for promotion
So many alarms set? Has she not heard of snooze... lol

She is the one bolloywood gal ....who is very down to earth !! But after love Aj kal trailer ...people started talkin negative about her ....guys grow up !!! One bad acting in a movie ...don tel wt thy r ....!!! U just watched trailer not movie ....I bet she is better than jhanvi and Ananya

I love you 
Arey it is a sponsored video.. God damn she is just doing her job and this is a promotional video by vivo. Why the hell everyone now blaming her for doing what is her job?? Have people lost it??

Pls do a segment with Rhea di and Shaheer bhaiya

Hate Sara.

She is the xerox copy of amrita singh

Oh my god, this is so scripted..you are making crazy people to save your life
Someone please tell her that she should be promoting love aaj Kal 2 and not vivo S1 pro.....poor Sara..

She&#39;s the cutest

Deepika Padukone Singh

Sara has vivo haha...best joke ever
Guyz Do You Know?? Sara Uses Vivo 
Mei bhi sochu ki mobile toh iPhone hona chahiye Sara k pass yeh kaunsa mobile hei? Badmei pata chala ki wo bass promote kar Rahi thi mobile Ko channel k taraf se.. hahahaha seriously? Film stars only do paid add for these cheap China phone. And they use iPhone 

We all know she doesn&#39;t actually use Vivo. Lol

Mast setting haiKartik Aryan has shown off Oppo youtube adsSara has taken Vivo's phone Join JaoVivo oppo
SO ANNOYING WHY DID I PLAY THIS

Vivo,you are gravely mistaken if you think this will make people buy the phone.....???

Vivo S1 pro.....
Scripted

She rocked the interview

Its not her phone, it can’t be 

Vivo is everywhere 

Stupid sara promoting a phone company that pays her

Sara ali khan is my fav ️
We don’t care about your vivo phone  we like to use iPhone

<a href="">1:04</a>&#39;&#39; i was obsessed with bts photos &#39;&#39;  ...  The meaning of these 3 eng alphabets has changed 

Plz do this with Varun dhawan

Sara 
I live alive I live
So fake like if she really Uses vivo Dumb And overactor Sara

Who wants to see sara mam and amrita mam together 

What&#39;s on my phone segment kar rahi ho Yaa phir Vivo phone ka advertisement 

I live alive I live 
Aap ki sound good hai

Love you sara
You are so swwet

Wtf is this....it should be what&#39;s on vivo....

This whole interview was for vivo. Was she promoting love aaj kal or vivo

So technically it is an advertisement...of vivo

Sara is sponsored by vivo and which army thinks she was taking about bts group 

How many of u came here to see comments on her vivo s1 phone 

Hello Sara
So it was the add of VIVO

Plz plzdo lots ans lots segments with sara ali khan ..

In the full vdo i only see vivo advertisement 

Please do with kartik Aaryan please

Soo manly voice she has

5 min long I live in


It&#39;s difficult to take pic in &quot;iPhone&quot; &amp; then transfer it to &quot;vivo&quot; phonebut Sara did it

I am shocked when she say i am not use maps i don&#39;t why they go out of home how&#39;s she managed ️

The cameraman is a pervert constantly zooming on her chest! 

I like her ring...The shape of fish is pretty cool and beautiful...

She talk about BTS BANGTAN SEONYODAN if you are K-POP phone then please like

<a href="">1:02</a> seriously she is obsessed with BTS 

It&#39;s like it was pre-planned 

She is Gorgeous
Fuck you alive!!!!
Vivo s1 pro
phone promotion 
Do you really want us to believe tht she doesn’t own the recent iphone ? That vivo obviously isnt her real phone - all paid promo 

Why is she talking about vivo phone so much

She has sung this song Sara
Love you sara
Now Sara is not talking to me... That lovely girl wearing a suit kept talking to me... Or ab
Best ever vivo advertisement
She has an i phone it was on her hand when she was going back from her pilates class she already knew the questions and added all pictures in the phone  daam so much fakenessssss

Beautiful and

Lol...i hav always seen her wid an iphone when taken candid

She here to do promotion of vivo lol

Sara promoting Vivo phone for 5 minutes straight
Even before 11 yrs. Twist was smash

Sara is such a cutie...

Wow

Am I the only one to think that she&#39;s overrated n not very pretty?

Me to Sara: Tum muze ab tang karne ho ho.Advertisement level
Better name it as &#39;Vivo ka promotional video&#39;

I bet she is using iPhone latest smartphone for personal use.. 

Dog Kamina channel cut Rashmi's lines
Its VIVO phone more than anything else 

Life and promotion
She used iphone 11pro max we all know that

Really she should not do like this WORST MOVIES ACTING ALSO WORST

I think vivo is giving lots of money like wtf sponsorship to it&#39;s most!

Sara you&#39;re a star and you have so much potential in you. Please choose your movies wisely.

Phone promotion is going on
I am the only actor who keeps a phone.
It seems that he has come to promote the phone.
Stop criticizing her, she has not promoted vivo for whole of the video. I agree she shouldn&#39;t have promoted it as much but she is the brand ambassador of vivo. It&#39;s her work to promote her product  but she shouldn&#39;t have done it.

Is this an ad??

It&#39;s all scripted

Sara Ali khan uses VIVO phone I’m feeling rich 

This girl

She is the best ️

Thank you pinkvilla 
Fuck MarketingVivo
She is very beautiful , down to earth,honest

Sara using Vivo smartphone.Meanwhile,Her iPhone- Abey saale!
It’s for vivo new phone. The video is sponsored by vivo

Idk why clebrities are so fake interviews mai bhi promotions like really guys we are following not brands

Waited for interviews all this while And the marathon has begun!!! Can’t wait for all the upcoming ones! She’s the best

I love u Sara..
She is promoting vivo phone ratger than really showing the things in her phone

vivo 
I like her normally.. but in this video she is irritating

How much more boyfriend Will come to your life during film journey?

I don’t dislike her but , It’s so cringe when she takes out her tongue.

Vivo camera is amazing Sara i buyed one coz of you and loved
Background music is so loud, hard to hear her

 First of all I want to tell you that this is an advertisement of VIVO, I thought it was a convo with Sara from Pinkvila 
Sara has no idea of ​​left and right?
sara using apple phone.. this phone is without sim card for promotions... you can see there is no sim card on screen...

Hahhahah Sara will use Vivo phone.....she is promoting Vivo
Because you can&#39;t afford an Iphone.

Change the heading to &quot;Sara promoting Vivo S11&quot;...

Don&#39;t u guys think after her bikini pics she has started wearing western clothes only.

Prettiest ever
My little brother calls her&quot; sada alu khan&quot;

It was more about the  phone information  then what she actually has on her  phone .

Shuru hogeya inka interview. Now what about my study.. Whenever I see her in interview I can&#39;t resist myself from watching it

sara ji tusi YouTube channel start karo... sara will be biggest YouTuber ... her personality is better than her acting.

sara ji tusi YouTube channel start karo... sara will be biggest YouTuber ... her personality is better than her acting

Ahh.. Here comes d promotion of vivo..phone...

Lol promotional 

She is fully exposed as a &#39;&#39;bad actor&quot; in her new trailer and all the songs and movie is just a remake and a parody of the original one.

after using “vivo”so many times in her sentence, i’m sure she doesn’t use it 

Hi I love you sara

Love u

Sara gained attitude, I can see that, after biggboss episode

Khud ki nangi tasvire longi phone me....wo nahi dikhayaWhat a stupid and cringe segment this is.....

her communication style is fabulouslots of love my favorite actress

Looking pretty

They are hunting in the sartik
Love 
She just came for Vivo Phone

I think she is not showing her phone. She is just producing her phone and vivo

I don&#39;t know why  , but after love aajkal2 trailer I dont like sara

Promotion

Vivo aaj kal promotion
hit like for her cuteness

We want Sartik segment 
Sara
Sara️
Sara️️️️
Love ajkaal ke trailer mein etni bakwas acting and now ad promotion 

I think People will watch movie for VIVOMOVIE KA NAAM HONA CAHIYE THA&quot;VIVO aaj kal&quot;

wy will one buy snapdragon 675 ... Wen we cud get a much better phone in same price ? Go fo real me x2 . . . .

You are my favourite actresses

Kitna prompt karteee hai inheeee yeh log. Na acting talent na dialogue dilver. But what to do?

Wow she&#39;s also an army yay!!!!

Vivo?
Har kuchh line ke baad she says &quot;vivo&quot;And vivo was the most used word hereI guess she was here to advertise VIVO only....

Why is she promoting Vivo here in this video! So disgusting! 

1st celebrity who doesn&#39;t own iPhone....nowadays even child actors have iPhone pro max!!!!!! 

Wtf , did vivo buy pinkvilla??
She is so beautiful and awesome

Amazing advertisement

Did they actually include an ad in the video 

Like she sayss...she definitely is making wrong decisions

It was more like a promotional video for VIVO S1pro than what&#39;s in my phone.  Whatever... But I&#39;m not gonna buy Vivo

Is she going to indose that vivo phn? Seems like.

Pataudi princess using vivo...this is definitely an ad and y r ppl so addicted to ig i mean u jst upload pics n c othr ppls pics. How much time does that take??

️️️️️️ Sara
She is too overrated seriously!

What&#39;s your day routine when you have holiday

Dear Vivo Promotion, you are better than Jannam
Sara from lv u 
You have everything on your phone except my number .

Is this what&#39;s on Sara&#39;s ph or vivo s1 ad 

I love sara

Nepotism ke bache....ek slap tuhje dedu...she got all her knowledge from her parents and now promoting this vivo to get more money while us commoners want to be like her...yeah..its all fake....

Sara️ pls do more segment with her she is amazing ️

<a href="">0:47</a> i m addicted to MY NEW SONG twist first thing its not new and second thing its not yours  remake karo ar apna bana lo

Ha ha ha  Pakav dress he.
Jaanu ️️
Janvi love you 
Sara be like janvi. Janvi is better than you. Janvi .
Sara is love 
Sara  acting shikh lo . Acting less 
Vivo vivo vivo seriously on a interview..... I love her so much but wtf is this

 love it
Sara  he is crazy
Sara 
Same with kriti sanon as well as bag segment with kriti sanon

Sara to her iPhone - tum mujhe tangg krne lge ho

Kal tak to I phone tha aj vivo

This is an ad for vivo

all the times...️
Vivo promotion 
Love  
Sara, stay with me ️
She is promoting vivo

Overacting Koi Sara Ali se sikho 
Okay this looks like a vivo promotion but it&#39;s good to see and hear Sara again... she&#39;s always so delightful

Beauty with brain

Promotion of vivo 

So sweet and humble 
Love Kartik and Sara pair
Hiiiiiiiiiii

I am surprised no questions was asked about kartik aryan

The only bollywood actress who is not using Iphone..I am stunned !!

Best
Finally this segment is uploaded!!!!

When is sartik together comin&#39;????

 you Sara
She is very beautiful and real

Is it a promotion for vivo...?? She doesn&#39;t use IOS??

Yess..Was waiting for this..Thanks Pinkvilla For this..Sara

Omgggh....I love sara ali khan:)
So real ya
Super cute and down to earth person. Best wishes for love aaj kal ️

interview With Riva Kishan !!

Amazing sara ali khan......super cute.....
If you could ask Sara one question, what would it be?
