Dear Viewers, We placed the picture of Radhika&#39;s husband wrongly. It was not intentional. We will change that soon. We are sorry for this unintentional mistake.

It&#39;s Benedict Taylor not Benedict Cumberbatch whose wife is Sophie hunter ...... atleast paste correct pic !!

There is a test called Benedict test in biochemistry for carbohydrates analysis 

Ayushman is married
Are you seriously crazy? Radika apte n benedit Cumberbatch. ? Mad ppl

Still u have not changed Benedict&#39;s photo, he&#39;s Benedict Tylor not the avangers guy

Dr strange and radhika apte

You put the wrong Benedict

If you buy cheap drugs then the doctor will look at Radhika strangely
there is a difference between Benedict cumberbatch and benedict taylor radhika apte married benedict taylor not cumberbatch

It is Benedict Taylor 

Ayushman's wig looks very fake
why you are showing benedict cumberbatch picture

I am from Siliguri

First of all this is number 1 bullsh*t and second Benedict is an actor not musician!

I don't have any faith in anyone.
You have used the wrong photo with radhika

Benedict Cumberbatch is Sophie Hunter Husband 

They are showing picture of Benedict Cumberbatch instead of Benedict Taylor  they are more confused than us and uploading random info vedios

Kya start mein joot boldiya radhika is married to Benedict cummberbatch really ,he is married to Sophie hunter

Yeah Radhika is the happily married wife of Benedict Cumberbach. They are laid back couple, they make things worked out with their marriage

Radhika apte is not wife of Benedict Cumberbatch She is wife of Benedict Taylor

All fake
I feel this Benedict thing has notched up your game on YouTube:1. People getting attracted to the video who otherwise had no interest(me, me) increasing ur views2. Radhika Apte husband is being searched a lot.3. Many people did not know she was married and they are like whoaaaa4. Your comment section might be overloaded.So, well played 

 Radhika and Dr Strange 

Radika married Benedict Taylor not Benedict Cumberbatch 

they keep so much clickbait thumbnail to get views

That&#39;s not radhika&#39;s husband

Fake

I laughed so hard seeing Radhika Apte married to sherlock holmes How can you make such gross mistake? 

Neha marda was married in 2012 not in 2002

Hilarious!!!!! Benedict 



Nakli info dete haiTabhi subs nhi badte
Hey idiots Benedict Cumberbatch is married to Sophie hunter u can&#39;t give wrong news.......

Areh Radhika apte&#39;s husband is Benedict Taylor

The first one is a lie

Radhika apte and benedict talyor you display wrong image

Radhika is not the wife of Benedict

This Benedict is not Radhika&#39;s  husband

Radhika is married to Benedict Taylor not Benedict cumberbatch

OMG!OMG!!! DR STRANGE??? WHAT NON SENSE....
I think Radhika apte husband is Benedict Taylor not Dr. Benedit cumberbatch of end game photo was wrong

Doctor Strange &amp; Radhika Apte 
Seriously.!!!!Benedict Cumberbatch. And Radhika Aapte.!!!!!! His wife is Sophie Hunter.!!!!

I feel absolute trust shouldn’t be over-emphasized in a relationship, smartness is also very important. There’s a popular saying that “don’t trust too much because that too much might hurt you so much”. My greatest disappointment was discovering my husband cheating on me through the help of Cyberhackingsage who helped cloned his cellphone and i was able to read all his messages and uncover my husband’s infidelity without having to touch his phone. All i did was share my husband’s number with Cyberhackingsage and i got access to his Facebook, whatsApp and text messages both deleted and incoming ones with a remote link on my phone. Thanks to that Genius, now i have enough evidence for my divorce. You can contact him ( cyberhackingsage@gmail )Text/Call/WhatsApp  him on +15713758467. Thank me later.

Benedict taylor....omg...jeez i-
Not Benedict Cumberbatch!!
radhika apte married bendrick .........sherlock holmes  
Long distance marriage do exist if u guys r loyal to each other
