judging by the comments, you have always been such fuckers. Nothing has changed, whether it’s Aleppo or Kyiv...
America's refusal of vows and the fact that they are waiting for them
Bombing civilians is the most vile and only thing the Russian Federation is capable of
Short clip of Su-34 <a href="">
Soon ISIS will not even have Raqqa left, they will be exterminated and no funding from the West will save them
So it&#39;s dangerous to be russia&#39;s ally b/c they are better on hitting their allies instead of enemies

Even if you missed the building, it’s not very scary. There is a lot of cast iron, pilots are trained, planes are used for their intended purpose, and do not sit in a hangar. And I think it’s not so easy to hit such a small object with a bomb at such a height and at such speed.
unsuccessful according to my video... it feels like you missed it
Why are the identification marks covered up?
Do the bombers have no identification marks? Hmmm, but Putin said... :(
I ASK ONE THING FROM THE RUSSIAN PEOPLE; UNCONDITIONAL SUPPORT TO YOUR PRESIDENT BECAUSE RUSSIA IS THE ONLY COUNTRY WITH SOME ALLIES THAT ARE REALLY FIGHTING THE ISLAMIC STATE.
RUSSIA HAS TO RESPOND WITH HEAVY AND PRECISE WEAPONS AGAINST THIS HOSTILE ACTION BY TURKEY, AND IT IS A TREASON TO DO THIS TO THE RUSSIANS, SINCE THEY RUSSIANS WERE NOT THERE TO ATTACK TURKEY BUT TO STAND UP TO ISIS
We need to kill them with infantry
what a shame on Russian Air Force...........Turkish Airforce used 2000 Turkish Smart Bombs against Pkk Terrorist Targets in N.Iraq in the last 100  days      and   result = 100%  of success

I believe that many people do not understand these mansi! Just for a moment, imagine yourself driving in a car next to this chaos! In the box they constantly say that they only hit terrorists, and selectively, and that civilians never suffer....it’s clear!!! WHO HAS WAR - AND WHO HAS A MOTHER FOR WHOM,,,
It seemed to me that in the first two passages the shells somehow landed not quite on the target, but nearby...
We need to learn more precisely how to place it on our enemies. A 20-30 meter miss for the uninitiated means “Well done to our pilots!”, but in fact the target is not hit. Pilots need to train more on simulators.
Is it me or were most of the strikes way off? The 1st 3 didn&#39;t hit their targets directly at all.

&quot;This video may be inappropriate for some users.&quot; Is this for ISIS or something?
Russia that is bigger than a barn and you still can&#39;t hit it.

It's a bomb, not a rocket. Of course there is a deviation
What a shame! Look how the Americans hit it right.
I suggest bombing with air conditioning next time. They say the effect is no worse.
I don’t know, maybe they aim there themselves... but for some reason they don’t hit the buildings... they just hit the edges
For those who are not able to find in Google where the bombs hit at <a href="">0:15</a> and <a href="">0:25</a> respectively - here are the coordinates of the first and second targets: 35 53 31.18N 39 0 15.16E35 53 27.64N 39 0 22.57E I hope this is not a secret. Anyone can find it.
by all means
There are only mistakes in all the videos...
He didn't binge, he got out of the woods.
:3

soon the pictures will become brighter for the average person
bad bombing only the last bomb hit because he aim more then 10 meters to the left of the target

fucked up fine, I approve!
They should drop them on the white house instead.

bastards((, as in a good half of the video
Warriors of Light! Squash this evil!
The first bomb misses. You never see the Americans miss what they are aiming at.

Wow beautiful
At 38 seconds the bomb hits the highway with civilians or are they also terrorists?
Bravo,,,RUSIAN BROTHERS
I bet the US are really annoyed that Russia has been attacking IS, ISIL ISIS or whatever their name is now. Don&#39;t we all want IS destroyed? Putin is playing the US at their own game and a lot of us in the West know exactly what&#39;s going on. The CIA armed the Mujadin and have been supporting and arming Al Qaeda (a US construct) and IS for years to destabilize the Middle East. What makes me laugh is that Obama and Cameron are saying that Putin is messing up the war and hitting civilian targets, but that&#39;s what the US always do and they write it off as collateral damage. You never see it on the news here either. The West a short while ago, wanted to bomb Asad, now they don&#39;t - WTF? I&#39;m not saying Putin is a saviour by any means and I&#39;m sure he has his own agenda, but he has support here in his actions especially in the Ukraine with the EU trying to anex it on his borders. We have always been indoctrinated to think the West are the good guys, but we are now seeing the light. Hopefully this will be the end of the New World Order and we avoid a third world war.

one su24m with 5 KABs replaces 5 su24m with 5 FABs and Hephaestus.
The best part about precision weapons is that they are even cheaper than conventional weapons. in one flight, one plane destroys several targets, and ours all bomb with cast iron, wasting the plane’s life.
the Russian rednecks are crowing again
You can clearly see cars with civilians driving by, and these bastards are bombing in broad daylight. S.F. allowed innocent people to be killed, everyone who voted was up to their ears in blood, so that they could dream about the souls of the dead at night.
The Russian Defense Ministry in SYRIA uses precision bombs left over from the Second World War.
It’s an ordinary road, people are going about their business in cars (this is clearly visible in the video) and suddenly the pilot starts bombing. The question is, who really is a terrorist?
The muffins are unfinished. It would be better if they fucked the Kremlin or Gazprom with the state fool
It was necessary to paint on the roofs - "Headquarters of militants"... And I wonder - where was the video with the explosions stolen from?
Is everything past?
Is it just me or did all those bombs miss their target? It looks like every drop was a miss and it did not hit where the cursor was aiming.

its simply ! american army is too superior of russian !!! russian technology now is lile US in 70&#39;s

What do they put one at a time? it won't be enough...
I am very proud that so many people are experts in the matter of air strikes. Judging by the comments, all are unsurpassed, specialized military specialists. You shouldn’t sit in front of the monitors, you need to go to the general headquarters.
What is the purpose of these videos? Nothing can be seen on it except blurred silhouettes. How, where and what they dumped is also unclear. Just to entertain the schoolboys and the Zaputinites.
<a href="">0:20</a> looks like im playing cod4
The ammunition is rather weak for such a structure.
It’s strange, if this is “out of the question,” then they could have provided explanations in comments to journalists. Or what, the dick will break from the stress? The clarity and transparency of the information on the right side is the strength and the path to success, and not videos of people falling “past some buildings.” bombs. Messrs. Scammers are screwing up out of the blue.
Damn, this should have been razed to dust.... If there is a prison there, then the walls are a hundred pounds of concrete several meters long. It was necessary to burn it out or just level it with the ground
To be honest, the accuracy is depressing. And the range of bombs is poor. Power is low. The KABs that we use are copies of American bombs that we copied back in Vietnam. They are long outdated. We don’t have anything like JDAM or JSOW and don’t plan to. So I don’t feel any particular joy or pride from this video.
Well done, Russian brother
This is a video from a DRONE. He doesn't bomb - he SHOOTS. Well done guys - everything is spot on.
Why do you miss so much?!

Hurray for my Slavic brothers, always best morale, always fighting evil, not embracing evil like some other nations

didnt they missed 3 of 4 bombs? O.o -_-

viva Russia

Why the bitch is she so slanted??!!
The kids who write what they're passing are having fun. Go ahead and play in your battlefield.
PUTIN THE HERO OF FREE WORLD...TRUE WORLD LEADER....GREETINGS FROM INDIA..

something was too weak, they should have thrown a more powerful bomb
they hit very precisely, almost everything hits exactly one point, that’s where the administrative compartments and warehouses are located, as well as the bunker... the task is not to destroy the entire prison and destroy the entire building... the task is to bomb the administrative and storage compartments... The Ministry of Defense needs to highlight the point of impact with a circle, otherwise many people are stupid and don’t understand
russia  wins , fatality

first building it misses left, second it misses right, then hits  civilian road and car to the right of the building bwahahahahahhahahahahha we can put a missile thru a car window hahahahahaha .

They are beating nearby so that the fragments of the wall can be pierced!
The accuracy is excellent, you can see how they throw a bomb using the bearded technique!
OFAB unguided bomb. Compared to guided bombs, unguided bombs are not as accurate. In the picture, it did not fall on the house. However, for civilian-style houses like this, a bomb exploding a few meters away is more than enough.
Right on the bull's eye. Good terorug fried. Respect to the Russian Air Force.
That cross that you see in the video is filmed from a drone, the plane has a different sight, so no mistaking
Oops, a new episode of my favorite series)
And no one was embarrassed that there were only 1 hit per building? Such an explosion cannot destroy the building, which means either they were aiming exactly where they hit, or there were several approaches, but only 1 was shown.
Missing the target is a shame. 21st century, sort of.
Still missed a couple of times....!
The shooting is from a drone and the cross does not indicate the sight; the pilot was working on his target and believe me, he definitely hit it, plus a 500 kg bomb
How did the plane hang so vertically and not move when dropping bombs? can he take off horizontally?
Goblin, come here Yulina! Let him explain what's what about the accuracy of hits.
ahaha The Russian air-force is a joke !!!!!What kind of Vodka was the pilots drinking LOOOOOOOOOOOOL

Someone should gift this poor pilot some glasses, he sure can't keep them in the hole when he shits.
Now I know that Kerzhakov has a brother who serves in the Air Force
We are very worried about our crocodiles at low level. They are working on them with anti-aircraft guns, in 2 videos already. We haven’t hit it yet - but that’s it for now ((
It’s not very clear where exactly they were aiming, but there is a suspicion that they missed
Russia provided all the video recordings from the bomber guidance systems - all approaches were justified.
Guys, I should have been more precise with the prison (I fell next to the road(
<a href="">0:33</a> - the bomb fell right a few meters from the roadway with cars! the shrapnel definitely injured someone, and maybe even killed them
The country doesn’t know how to do anything other than fight for 15 years, an old KGB officer is at the helm, it would be better if an economist ran the country! This is a collapse... Don’t rejoice at the war, it does not solve the country’s internal problems, but on the contrary..
But they really do smear...
to everyone who talks about the sight. just watch the video on the same channel “Video of terrorists hiding military equipment near civilian objects.” look at the cross in the center of the screen. you can say that this video was filmed through the sight of a Su 34, but no one will take you seriously...
Can someone explain why they make such a long tail between the engines on drying planes? When they come in to land, I always think that they will hit the landing strip with this tail, foreign planes do not have such a tail, please explain
The first object was missed by about 20 meters. The second object was hit right in the lapping area, but the second one hit. In general, it’s normal, considering that Russia still has little experience in using the WTO. Well, there are a number of problems with sighting systems. Everything will be decided in time. I think the design engineers are already receiving the necessary complaints from the military.
You idiots... are there idiots driving cars there? Shoigu, are you an idiot? It was impossible to clear out the stupid ones with tanks.
If it is written about the destruction of the headquarters and the crosshairs point to a building, then the explosion should not be in an open field, but in/on the building to which the crosshairs/sight is pointing. From this video, you get the feeling that they threw a controlled bomb at a building, and it (such an infection) fell into an open field. Either write like this that Russian guided bombs are often smeared like ordinary cast iron, or, if they hit where they wanted, so that the crosshair/sight was at the site of the explosion, or don’t show anything and don’t embarrass yourself.
bastards :)))
Well, what can I say. We can’t do high precision. took a nap. It's a pity, of course.
Just an english comment passing through...

To bomb 15-30 meters from the road, along which, apparently, there is a busy movement of civilian transport, is somehow inhumane...
And again by))) “The power of Russian weapons”!
No way. video from the sight of the Su-34. This is confirmed by the MINISTRY OF DEFENSE!!! And about &quot; by! by!&quot; In real life there is a jamb!!! Either with a sight or something, or with a KAB-500 bomb, or who knows what? This can be judged by two visits to the “prison” object. . 1st approach: the sight is on the building itself, but a bomb falls to the right of the sight! 2nd approach: the navigator shifted his sight to the left of the building and the bomb hits the prison itself! Really guys, watch the second part of the video. Objectively...
I like Russian fighter jets, I like explosions, and I smile when i think of all the people who you guys helped meet their 72 virgins. Happy hunting!

Are there any cars driving nearby? It seems to me that someone who was driving nearby laid aside the floor of the interior bricks if he remained alive.
hmmm, accuracy is nothing, along the way there is not 2-3 meters quo, but 20-30)
cuttlefish
The fact that the cross is like a target was filmed from a drone, dear!! Sushki have a different speed and with it it is impossible to photograph bomb hits!!
Citizens of America and other countries support our fighters; everyone admires us on forums and English-language websites.
in general, of course, an aerial bomb from such a height... If it weren’t for our pensions flying, it would be absolutely great.
and cars are driving along the roads
Very accurate, but what should it be like, is there supposed to be a rocket flying into the window? :) Even though the province is controlled by ISIS, peaceful people still live there and most likely the motorists passing nearby have nothing in common with ISIS. We must hope that no innocent will be harmed.
It seems like GPS, Glonass guidance does not work on the Cab-500s, these freaks were given brochures by the Americans on survival tactics during a raid by Russian aviation like (If you hear the sound of an airplane, just sit still because the most reliable shelter is the place where the airplane is aiming). Stsuko was offended to the point of tears, why the hell show it.
- Knock-knock - Who's there? - Postman Pechkin brought a KAB 500-S aerial bomb.
Let's say we got there :) But where, just curious :)
I see people have begun to perceive the video from the Ministry of Defense as a cool new reality show! no matter what, the experts came running quickly! all targets are checked and double-checked a hundred times, intelligence services of several countries are working, they probably know better where to hit! The Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation demonstrates unprecedented transparency of a military operation, almost in real time with video reports and daily updates from headquarters, citing specific results in numbers, no one has ever dared to do this, and they lack entertainment! Let's do some more SMS voting! (quote from Lavrov)
1/4 hits. Nice aiming.

Fuck pounding! You have to be able to miss the mark with a KAB on a modern aircraft! The only justification is that the KABs were probably produced in 1991, like those RBK-500s with “motives”
gg

Take the construction engineer to the headquarters to assess the required blow!
Who was killed in prison? Captured terrorists or those whom terrorists captured?
the first hit the fortifications and trenches, the second hit the accumulation of equipment, the third hit the administrative annex, the fourth hit the building
somehow it didn’t jerk much, as if a stone had been dropped from a great height, only dust, I understand fragments, that’s all, but the affected area is small.
I don’t want to be an armchair analyst and, most likely, the target was hit by a blast wave, but I would still like to hear comments from the Ministry of Defense on whether this should be so or not and why.
How the hell are you screaming past here, you can’t really take a piss and there you go.
The accuracy of Russian aviation is off the charts....
In the 4th explosion you can see that it hit buildings, then why did the 3rd explosion even happen somewhere near the road????
1 and 2 explosions exploded next to the building, the building didn’t even collapse, or is this how it should be? on the 3rd explosion it is clear that it exploded next to the roadway along which the cars were driving, or were the ISIS fighters probably driving, right??? although it was written that the strike was being carried out on the militant’s headquarters, and the explosion was near the road, is this how it should be????
Guys, what are you really doing!!?... This is, as they say, flying straight into the window!!!
They missed, except for the last hit... Why put this on the net? You need to make accurate hits.
That famous prison in Aleppo? Interesting. Just yesterday or today, ISIS took it away from Nusra, and back in 2013, EMNIP, the rebels stormed this prison (the Assad soldiers were sitting there) for a long time and epically. I wonder who exactly was there at the time of the strike? Igishna or scum? However, the difference is small, Allah will sort out his own.
In the lower right sector, the wallah wakbar quickly darted from half of the territory beyond the fence.
Something about all this bravado is already making me nauseous.
Optimal.
For those who have not served in the army, I will explain. The bomb ALWAYS hits the epicenter of the explosion. So there were no mistakes.
It's just some kind of holiday!
Well very impressive but only one rocket made it into the building. I guess terrorists were standing outside?

well, by the way, at the beginning of the video
<a href="">

Beautiful
The murderers will be punished.
Brothers from Russia Greetings from Serbia Belegrade and when do you finished this job you must attack USA

Class! keep it up! kill the terrorists!
Simply handsome! Respect to the pilots of this Su-34 for the beautiful photogenic release on camera!!! You are the best! Well, special thanks to the Ministry of Defense for the beautiful video, 1080p makes us happy again!) To you, the brave pilots and sailors of the Russian Federation, fighting the monstrous evil of terrorism, the evil fed by the USA and NATO bastards, is dedicated to: “If your home is dear to you, where you were raised by the Russians, Under the log ceiling, where you, swinging in a cradle, floated; If the walls, stove and corners of that house are dear to you, The well-trodden floors of your grandfather, great-grandfather and father; If the poor garden with the May flowers is dear to you, with the buzzing of bees, And under the linden tree a hundred years ago, a table dug into the ground by your grandfather; If you don’t want the floor in your house to be trampled by a fascist, So that he sits at your grandfather’s table and breaks the trees in the garden... If your mother is dear to you, the breast that fed you , Where there has been no milk for a long time, you can only cling to your cheek; If you don’t have the strength to bear it, so that the fascist, standing next to her, would hit her wrinkled cheeks, wrapping the braids around her hand; So that the same hands of hers that carried you to the cradle would wash his bastard linen and made his bed...<b>*</b>If you don’t want to give away the one with whom you went together, the one you didn’t dare to kiss for a long time - you loved her so much - so that the Nazis would take her alive by force, pinning her in the corner , And the three of them crucified her, Naked on the floor; So that these three dogs could get it In groans, in hatred, in blood Everything that you yourself sacredly revered With all the power of male love...<b>*</b>So kill the fascist, so that he, and It was not you who lay on the ground! Not in your house to groan, but in his to stand over the dead! That’s what he wanted, it’s his fault - let his house burn, not yours, And let not your wife, but his, be the widow. Let It’s not yours, but his mother who gave birth, who will cry, Not yours, but his family, let them wait in vain. So kill at least one! So kill him quickly! The number of times you see him, the number of times you kill him!” 1942, Konstantin Simonov (excerpts) P.S. note: Chilling to the bone with its sensuality and expressiveness, the reading of this poem can be heard live in the movie “The Battle of Sevastopol” (2015), performed amazingly by a little girl!!!
HOORAY! finally HD from the cockpit! Democracy to all!
Along the way they lie to the Ministry of Defense,,,Everyone is alive)) Mazili
<a href="">0:35</a>, it’s a miracle if none of the civilians in the cars were hurt..
Those facilities are clearly way to small for handful of bombs used in those attacks. VKO should take Tu-22M3 or Tu-95 and carpet bomb those buildings. Only way to be sure.

Allah Akbar!
Those are some weak ass bombs. I could still see some vehicles moving down there. Just nuke those fuckers. I don&#39;t want to see anything moving.

if something like this goes down next to the house, how many years will the residents of the house poop liquid? And here is the headquarters... let them know that it’s time to change the “hut”, because “they burned us down” and "Russians know everything talakhakbar"
Along the way, satellite photography was carried out, judging by the change in the angle of the camera.
If you miss, but say that’s where they were aiming, then it’ll work. There is already a similar thing, when the BTR-82A does not hit the target, and the announcer says that the target is shattered into smithereens. The armata stalled - “that’s what we planned, evacuation practice.”
These high-precision ones are not very accurate. How inaccurate then?!
drove in cars that killed,,,it’s clear that we drove crookedly
glory to Putin! Glory to Russia!
I wonder if it’s either the pilots who are so cross-eyed, or if they’re specifically shooting at ISIS in Raqqa, but specifically at the militias in Aleppo?
Just in the news on "Russia 24" a representative of the Ministry of Defense reported that today IS militants suffered the maximum damage during the entire operation in Syria. Aircraft of the Russian Aerospace Forces carried out 67 sorties against terrorist targets; Many training camps, ammunition and fuel depots, control headquarters, production and repair structures were destroyed. And this is just the beginning!
Why just report, prove something to everyone. I don’t care whether they believe it or not. Whoever accuses let him be responsible for his words.
They hit it off, by the way. It won’t seem a little, rest assured. But what beauty they showed us, right from the cockpit! Thanks MO!
so everything is passing by
Go Russia!! Go "Ducklings"!!! Give the monsters a spark =)))))))))))))
hmm. and again, ordinary people do not understand anything: why everything explodes next to objects, but the objects themselves remain intact. Has anyone seen something like this in a US video for example? There the object is always smashed to pieces, as many as I have seen. One can, of course, speculate that the target is not the building itself, but something small nearby, but these are just guesses...
The first season was a total success :) We’re looking forward to the second, hopefully with it filmed with good equipment, in slow-mo and color footage in 4k. We are waiting for the premiere.
Of course the video was not from the attack cameras. This first shot targeted the empty field behind the building, The second was supposed to hit the civilian cars next to the college, and the third was meant to hit the field in front of the building. It is obvious that the last shot that hit the building was a mistake.

<a href="">0:32</a> on the right you can see the highway with cars passing along it
Well, damn it’s not the men who are passing by.
Near the Aleppo prison, you can see cars driving along the road in both directions, doesn’t this confuse the command during the bombing?
Why are Russians missing so much targets ?

It’s good to write bullshit, I understand that our eagles are very far from two excavators, but..... opponents are squealing, which means everything is buzzing!!!!
somehow passed by..
The VBR of Kartokha also reached the planes;)
Even though I’m not delighted, firstly, almost everything passes by, and secondly, cars are driving nearby, I don’t care, just a little more and they would have been screwed along the highway... and to be honest, we don’t bomb places where there are civilians... after all, someone in the cars died anyway , it exploded very close there, the fragments are flying who knows where... and if by this logic, then this building needs not one bomb or 2, but 10 pieces to blow everything to smithereens
good toastmaster....and the competitions are interesting:))
Here a bunch of bombing experts came running into the comments, as I see it. And on Monday they go to school and vocational school.
Just a week ago the channel had less than 10 thousand subscribers) I wonder how many there will be in a couple of months, if there are already 56k of them now?)
A very strange official text from the Ministry of Defense. ISIS changed its name to "Islamic State" already like a year ago, why continue to use the old name. Yes, and Liwa-al-Haq to the "Islamic State" has nothing to do with it, but is part of the SSA, that is, they no longer hide the fact that they are hammering away specifically at the SSA.
Is it okay that a shell hit a busy road?
The one who got hit was ISIS.
Dear!!! 3,000 kilograms of extremist sand were destroyed. There is only 1 mistake in the video!!11
I turn to Min. Defense. Can you finally explain why when you bomb buildings, almost 90% of the time you hit something nearby, not the building itself? Whenever I watched videos like this, where the Americans bomb objects in Iraq or somewhere else, they always hit the building exactly, and the whole building explodes, and I’ve seen this more than once, but in your videos it’s always almost there, maybe I don’t understand something or it’s necessary , Explain, please
The accuracy of the hit is compensated by the power of the charge!!!
how many times have we flown here, this time somehow it didn’t work out
Russian parashis are bombing and they still manage to count the corpses))
Who was driving these cars on the right side of the road? 4 vehicles clearly fell into the affected area
Today I somehow passed by, with a hangover or something
Video from Russian DVRs. Now also on bombers.
somehow they are bombing sparingly...
With each release the quality of filming gets better and better!))) Like and subscribe!
Crap! Konstantin Lvovich “glues” the videos for them there. whether?! It feels like you’re not watching an MO, but some kind of Hollywood action movie, and literally in the next second the soundtrack will start... And then there’s the voice-over, the eternal &quot; “Petrovich, come on!” ))All the best!
For such an object, you need something stronger, but it’s rather weak....
Many people mistakenly believe that the target of the strike should be the largest building within sight, or the target is in the sights of the drone's camera, but this is not the case. These bombs (KABs) are highly accurate and hit exactly where they are needed. Otherwise, FABs would have been used, from which the buildings would have collapsed regardless of the accuracy of the hit. (C) Vasily 7B class, expert on Syria.
Well... Actually, this is a mistake.... Because... this time the shooting is done directly from the target screen of the carrier, and the target designator pointed directly at the building (apparently the headquarters), and the bomb exploded outside, which means that everyone in the building is, well, at most shell-shocked, and even then it’s not serious.
Where the prison is, there is a busy highway next to the explosions.
They look at the crosshairs of the drone and think where it is pointing and should fall)
Beat ISIS, save Russia!
The funny thing is that after all this “successful” Russian operations in Syria, against Assad and any of his successors, rallies and armed uprisings will begin again with renewed vigor, but with new experience of war and taking into account air attacks, which is why the United States so wants to remove Assad because he is nullifying the entire fight against ISIS.
What's really missing
But that bomb fell next to the road... I hope the people in the cars survived, if they were not terrorists... Yes, they may call me an armchair expert, but knocking on a place next to a busy place seems unreasonable...
I don’t understand anything about this at all, it also seemed like everything was past, but I think we don’t know where it’s past and where it’s not :) In the first video, columns of smoke to the left are visible, as in some video it was already there, and they explained that these are underground all sorts of passages where the prison also 1 explosion seemed to be completely missed, but along the entire length of the building it seemed like smoke was coming out of the windows along the entire length of the building. So who knows how it should be. Apparently, after the blockbuster launches from ships, everyone is expecting something impressively powerful and destructive, judging by the size of the buildings, in order to scatter them as you want, you probably need to throw a mini-nuclear one :)
Even the militants are completely depressed, if such a thing hits the head, it will probably be unpleasant?
And where is the direct hit? Where does the information about 100 killed militants come from? It doesn't look at all convincing...
By the way, this is definitely Raqqa-Ephrates that will help you get your bearings. And the facility is definitely their headquarters - photos have been circulating for a long time, they have communized a complex of the best buildings there for this purpose, along with a hotel and a swimming pool.
And starting from 32 seconds, do civilians drive on the road?
Now our pilots will train in Syria, and then in the USA there will be no mistakes))
there are 1500kg of cabbage, why don’t they use them?
Missed!!!
Seems like nearly all bombs missed their targets....can someone please explain why?

I’m embarrassed to ask, but how was the number of killed militants determined and who counted them?
Uncontrollable cast iron cannons are fired from a height of several kilometers. which one is passing? they have a greater radius of destruction than precision weapons. the same cruise missiles. All this has been gathering dust in warehouses for several years, it needs to be used.
What a cunning MO, posting unsuccessful bombings ;)
hohoho 10m left of targets... russians technology is like american in 70&#39;s

Bullshit, hack work and window dressing. &quot;Potemkin villages&quot; instead of normal bombing. All buildings remained almost intact. It would be better if they hit fewer targets, but they would drop 4 bombs on each one. “Less is better.” (c) V.I. Lenin 1923 “We must come to our senses in time. One must be imbued with a salutary distrust of hastily rapid movement forward, of any boasting, etc. We need to think about checking those steps forward that we proclaim every hour, take every minute and then every second prove their fragility, undignity and incomprehensibility. The most harmful thing here would be to rush.”
Damn, what cosmic beauty are our planes?
We missed nothing, if we hit the building, it would take the blast wave upon itself.
Video from what?
the bomb contains 380 kg of explosives, we all remember terrorist attacks, and what happens to a building when such a quantity explodes, the building, facade and contents are left in dust
I wish I could add some sound...
Damn scythe cutters, although from such a height with uncontrollable cast iron this is not surprising. Apparently they skimp on expensive ammunition.
I counted only 299 militants in the video, where is 1 more?????
Beauties!
I think there are zero military personnel and pilots here, so let’s wait for the opinion of the experts. If they missed, they will fly in with a dozen cheap fabs and simply raze all the targets to the ground, and they will insert a piston into the developers of the cabs.
If they missed, they didn’t miss. Where should they have hit and where did they hit? Without these answers, one can only guess.
I wonder why BOVs don’t hit fortified areas, it would be very interesting to see how Alla-V-Barakh will behave)
Who knows what kind of garbage sticks out at the back of the SU-34 between the engines? There is no such thing on MIGs. Radar perhaps?
Our response to any problem that we messed up will be: That’s how it was intended!!! Don’t expect that they will admit that the crooked ones, where the ISIS headquarters ended up, even if it ended up in a doghouse - there was an underground warehouse with weapons.
I would like to see the cries of how the Russian aces missed the targets. essentially 1 pulled even if unsuccessfully 2 will take bingo)
every 4 shots u get one right. pretty skilled pilots.

THEY BOMBED WHERE THEY WERE GIVING LIGHTS AND BEACONS...WHERE THEY ARE NOT NEEDED THEY ARE NOT BOMBED
IDIOTS. THIS IS A DRONE FILM. THE CROSS IN THE CENTER OF THE FRAME IS NOT A SIGHT. THE PIlot HAS A DIFFERENT PICTURE WITH A DIFFERENT FRAME RATE, COLOR AND RESOLUTION. THE PIlot HAS A DIFFERENT MARKER. THE FUNCTION OF THE DRONE IS TO PROVIDE VISUAL OBSERVATION OF THE OBJECT BEFORE AND AFTER THE ATTACK. IF THE EXPLOSION ON THE FRAME IS NOT VISIBLE IN THE CENTER OF THE CROSS, THIS DOES NOT MEAN THAT THE FALL IS NOT ACCURATE. THIS MEANS THAT THE UAV IS JUST PERFORMING A MANEUVER. If the center of the house is not captured in the frame, then this means that it was the edge of the building that they were aiming for, guided by reconnaissance. For example, there may be people in prison. You can simply separate the administration with documents and security.
Putin is a true hero:) Thank him from me and Sweden.

The vacuum bomb needs to be reset.
everything is past. sadly.
Sensible people will understand that if it’s missed, they won’t post it in order to avoid any speculation.
great, kill everyone so that in a month there will be peace
Guys, admit that you missed it a bit, there’s no point in inventing nonsense)
There are so many blind-sighted, excuse me, sheep in the comments. Read the annotations, it says that about 300 militants were killed during the bombing, so there is no “missing” here!
IF IT HAD BEEN PASSED, NO ONE WOULD HAVE EVER POSTED THIS VIDEO.
CNN wrote about these missiles that hit Iran anywhere, whatever happens
what kind of cars are there driving under the road??? ISIS?
Duckling in the air! For the first time, there will be a video from the cockpit. This means that soon there will be a video from the bomb))
Well, hey, by the way!
By the way, KAB-500 C is an expensive pleasure to smear with, anyone will get a knock on the head)
If the shell hit the building, it would absorb the blast wave and reduce the damage.
Guys, read the description, what’s near the buildings, it’s about the little people. -100 All the same, if you hit the building, the blast wave would die out in an instant.
The intern must have thrown bombs. Never mind, you'll get the hang of it soon! Will pass the test.
Who said that this is headquarters? Probably Russia24)
But I'm in a bar.
there is no sign on the building “headquarters of the Liwa al-Haq formation”
It amazes me that after such hits, they dare to proudly inform everyone that the object is completely destroyed. All these words are only for our Secretary General Putin. You need to earn money, try and say that you missed at least once.
Why does the Moscow Region publish these constant mistakes??? to embarrass the whole world?
Duck is flying
Why bomb a prison? After all, those who are against ISIS are sitting there. ..
oblique
balm for the soul :) I came home, and there were as many as 5 new videos :)
the targets were hit, but it’s a little presumptuous to say that they were destroyed), at least according to this video. Although they may have gone over them a couple of times later.
The channel is developing well, I’m watching!))
The kids are squealing. &quot;past! by !&quot; And if you had fallen under one of these yourself, there would have been much fewer comments
they posted it in vain. there were obviously civilian cars driving nearby. bots will blame anyone
Whatever they say, these two bombings in particular were bad. Many simply have heartache and are unable to admit that Russian aviation is not ideal, like any other in the world.
I think the real miss was only in the third fragment, when it fell next to the highway, so they dropped a second bomb (by the way, it is noticeable that dryers often return with not completely spent ammunition, apparently they still hit targets quite accurately) In 1 fragment it fell in front of the facade of a building , perhaps it just struck everyone who was on the street and inside near the windows. In the second - an accurate hit on one of the buildings; in the fourth, an accurate hit on the building, and it is clear that the cars, after the first impact and the destruction of the stone fence, are driving like nothing never happened. This means that it is unlikely that anyone died on the highway. Well, or everyone is so afraid that they just move on.
They need more accurate

How do you know that the building is not hit?) Maybe the flames in the first video came out of the building? (The shell pierced the roof and exploded directly inside the building)
Great Stuff Aerospace forces of Russia! Next strikes on ISIS in Iraq and then HQ of terrorism Saudi Arabia (nukes to Riyadh please)

Su-34 with Hibinami handsome.
Putin is handsome, the only one who decided to help the Syrians and Kurds!
It’s cool, of course, it’s powerful, we kill terrorists. But we shouldn’t forget about the economic state of our country. In my opinion, one of the most important reasons for Russia’s entry into the war in Syria is maintaining the spirit of patriotism.
fuck one hit “direct” and where is the vaunted accuracy! even the flyers miss!
The little duckling pooped :)
what was the approximate flight altitude?
The schoolgirl flew in: “past, past.” Everything flew there normally. Or do you need to hit the turret in the middle?
ABOUT! Hot video! Mmm!!! Again, the 34th is a damn good one. And the shooting, supposedly, was from the Su-30 SM.
Look carefully in the first video, they get exactly into the extension, it is in the form of a white spot
Dear!!! This is not a mistake, in any case it is not to bomb a hospital by mistake
God bless Russia.

To everyone who writes “by”, you don’t think that the Terrans are sitting in the building and looking out the window, they are buried in the ground, where the bunkers are supposed to be and hit there. The deflection of this bomb is 8-10 meters, but given its power this is enough.
The punishing sword of RA, no one can hide from it!
"You're lying, it's fake or a cartoon" )
The bird poops
The couple passed by. it was necessary to drop several bombs. for reliability
everyone keeps mooing, “ahh, uh, by!” by! this is a high-precision weapon!” , the most important thing is not to get into the building and destroy who knows what, but the infrastructure, that is, all sorts of radio stations, warehouses, and this could be next to the building, it’s just not the same quality, so you can’t see shit, but you can see
the first bomb missed but the shot of the plane is beautiful
They would show with a red dot where they are hitting
Past the guys. We need to be more precise.
And these are precision bombs?! ))) Ahahaha
But what about the buildings, that’s what they wanted?
Allah-bang! a new series from the Ministry of Defense on screens in Syria.
They posted it in vain - they will talk about how it’s all gone
It seems to me that not all bombs are high-precision, judging by the videos.
It seems to me that not all bombs are high-precision, judging by the videos.
Pay off the first and second!
well, the oblique ones will say ((
We work seven days a week!
Good luck to you guys in establishing world order!
Beat them
beauty
First
First!
