Expression queen Madhuri Dixit
Upload Full Dance Non edited plz

Would be nice if picturised full video with madhuri without aditing. She is really a legend 

I love this tabha ho gaye song and dance on this song every day

Dear @Dharma this version is ok. But add the chakkars at the end at least. Nowhere we got to see the complete dance sequence of Madhuri without any interruption, even after sad demise of Late Saroj Khan, as it was her last choreographed song. please release the complete version without any interruption scenes. The craft created by Saroj Khan, Shreya Ghosal and off course our Madhuri somehow fades the ongoing storyline with Alia and Varun whatever emotional it might be. So even those important scenes in between were looking odd when Madhuri was dancing on the screen.

Why there&#39;s no name of shreya ghoshal ? The song is hit 50% bcs of her, dear dharma production give a credit to singers as well

Full movie plzzzzzz
Lovely set , song and obviously Madhuri Dixit with her graceful dance 

Is it Dolby atmos??

;

Choreography by Saroj Khan rip

Film bhi barbaad hi thi Kalank

Why kalank flop

This is why madhuri is QUEEN!     And the song is Incredibly...AMAZINGLY BEUTIFULMadhuri dances very gracefullyJust like the song.

Buddddiii

Full Madhuri version!
plzz upload the complete version of song with out story scenes in it... plz

Madhuri dixit is the best dancer in Bollywood

Mr johar plz upload full song without any cuts nd without Alia&#39;s appearance ..Do u Understand . Only Madhuri ma&#39;am 

Please upload full song without movie scenes only with song and danceMadhuri Dixit is Legend

Hot is sexy.
Its just an osmm song  ....I just love it  .

If you are unfaithful, why are you angry that I am separated from you? Gaye Shreya Ghoshal Voice Beautiful
Awesome DanceMadhuri Dixit Nene

Plzzz upload Full Dance version of Madhuri dixit

Bakwash

 MD  
Lgta hai full movie aa rhi aa net pe bhut jaal
here for mom

Are dharma production ki kia gand fati hei jo kalank ki gana re-realise kar raha hei ,, bc .. thoda views ke liye ek hi gana bar bar release kar raha hei ... ek bar zee music company to ekbar Dharma production

Can anyone tell kalank is watchable movie?

Love it

Superrrrr destruction....
Love it

Kalank dekh kr audience TABAH ho gye
