Youareright.

Everything is drama
Boykot bollywood

Off-screen for stars is a paid propaganda for Saif.Down with this and other bollywood channels.

Saif ali Khan is also a part of him he also rejected SSR in koffee with karan ..........

karan jhear
Saif ali khan really nice person

This Shikandi Johar must be thrown out from Bollywood forever.  Otherwise young talents cant survive

I wonder why saif marry Kareena, cause she and kjo are besties

I&#39;ll be honest I know that shushant singh death was sad n heart less I agreed but is there any substantial evidence that these people karan johar and Salman Khan among other murder him I truly would love to work with this case because I&#39;m s forensics detective and forensic pathologist evidence officer and along with homdic detective ofcourse I have my team but I would like to work with is case never the less the was cremated already there is substantial evidence I can look into but, one thing I would like to say if karan johar did not commit this murder lots of actor and actress need to apologize because because of karan johar and his family Farah khan give lots of actor and actress a break in the Indian film industry so need to work through this with a sense of humor

Chte nawab  only

Where is the bull's hair?
Karan johar sala hijra
This kind of nepotism is not working on the gay side.
Boycott those nepotism personalities....Saif you are right to insult them...Every Indian citizens have right to freedom...

GHANTA'S SUICIDE
But didn’t he go on about Sara’s favorite co actor to be ranveer so proudly !? But ya now Sarah is sad about him passing away .. how convenient!!

Sab ko dhul  chathe uske  Sanne  he was so handsome other hero looks are no where near him see their face without makeup they look like cannibals from jungle u all great Bollywood cooked him and ate him fast shameful he was challenge to u all see his smile nobody has pure smile like him u all smile with mask on agay muskaraho aur  peth mein Chura  Mar do

Beautiful . Saif Ali Khan.

<a href="">

Horrible presentation sir
Karan Johar Hijda
Koffee with Dog.. I have never seen and will never see him again. No one with a good mind will ever watch such a stupid show.
These Bollywood actors only are good on screans behind screans they are just selfish as any other only think about them selves that&#39;s all and BIG headed too, see for ur self then!!

Really..what it does give the rich celebs to salivate over Karan&#39;s Gift Hamper..that all categories just act like urchins to have it..no matter how many of his stupidest questions answer they have to give.

Saif is doing the same thing Sala notanky

fake video upload karne wali, karan johar or saif ali khan (ek kaam karo tum tino mar jawo) hamara time bach jayega

video upload karne wali juth or chutia bana na band kar (Apna ghar chalana hai?)

Then why saif Sara and Kareena didn&#39;t attempt his funeral

Aap log baar baar atmahatya Kyu kehre ho he was mudered

Genuine talent shouldn’t be strangled with bad mouthing an individual with not saying who you are talking about but just not saying their name Justice for SSR. You whips....You put down a wonderful soul. When he needed a friend were they there?

Very well said SAK

Well , do you.believe him? He and his wife and sis in law , bro in law all r star kids , now sensing trouble coming up.feigning sympathy , to.make their movies work ,  in the middle of these sharks , we lost a gentle dolphin , our Sushant , peace be with you Sushant ,

karan joher...dont try to be God....u r my foot..

BUDDHA koran

Boycott

Boycott Karan Joker
Play with 1.25× speed

RIP Sir Om Shanti

Hold on, Saif did you and Sara not reject SSK on coffee with Karam when asked who Sara would date? Sara looked at you and you said ‘tell the truth’,  and you both father and daughter  rejected Sushant.  Saif also added the other person both of you picked for Sara, had more money.   Ouch!

What will Kareena Kapoor do if she is Saif's wife now whom can she trust Kareena or Saif?
Please throw karan johar out of this industry

drama thok

Now no use supporting when the person is no more.... Rip the lt hero

Wow thumbs down for your clickbait thumbnails.

No more karan...

If we want to do justice, then we will open this door again.
Karan joker should be kicked from front and back

Who were the bastard Mahesh batt

CBI INVESTIGATION MUST BE ON MUDERED SUSANT RAJPOOT

No more nepotism

Kick out that bastard karan johar

<a href="">#Boykot</a> karanjohar
This is also a shame for Saif Ali Khan when he has saved his career by doing this drama.
It&#39;s she gay or wht

Who is karan jawahal

karina is also a rendi .....

U r to good don&#39;t leave k.j Saifi

Karan Johar said where to die...
Boycott coffee with idiot

Boycott nepotism
it is a fake and foolish drama----father of  TAIMUR ---we all know kareena is a musalman now--you can fool kareena kapoor and not public anymore

Saif Sir, because of some sense, I also do it.
He touched so many life

Saif is nice &amp; intelligent why he married a stupid dumbo like Kareena Kapoor??

Ban Karan Joker &amp; his Koffee show

Saif Ali khan ek bahut achhe insan h... cricket match me vo hamesha tiranage k sath team ko support krte dikhte h...unko bhi achhi movie nahi milti but nawab khandan se  h vo to sbki bolne se fatati h

boycott this K- JOKER  he’s a mockery himself just RICH because of idiots who watch his films -  !!!!  He’s gotta taste Rags...

Karan aapni dukan band karoAapna mu kala karo
Please boycott all Bollywood mafia movies. Sushant’s death must not be in vain.

Saif Ali Khan is only supporting Sushant so people do not boycott him.

wow i never watch Hindi movies..

Justice for sushant

Saif ali khan is the real human..behind all these fake stars.

Hizda kahi ka joker johar. Kashmir tu aur tere homo syndicate groups shayad suicide Kar late toh is industry Aur Bharat desh se bhoj kaam ho jata Aur Sushant jaise talented actors bach jate. Coffee pe sale aur khauff Mein rahe. Miss u Sushant.

There was a time when karishma ignored sushant

Very well said Saif sir Hope Karan Johar stop destroying people

Ye sub apne ko bachane ke liye karan ko bol rahe hai wo to hai hi bekar but johar ke chukkar mein inki image n bigad jaaye  sub ke sub culprit h I hate all bollywood please back ssr no one is great actor now in bollywood

Cbi inqurtiy
Karan Hijra, stop your drama, stop groupism and you ignorant people have threatened the death of a rising super star. Brothers, do not watch any film of Karan Johar Hijra. we miss you Sushant.
Boycott coffee with gay.

Boycott coffee with idiot From uk 🇬🇧

Before Saif, his wife Kareena Kapoor should also understand what should be said about the other and what not because Kareena is also not Sushant. Sir ki insult tha
Get the hijaades out Ekta too sala na mard Karan feel sorry for his twins Kaise baap

This is all drama done by Saif and Karan.

The Neem leaf is bitter because the Johar is torn.
The right person always speak n fight for the right.Thank you saif ji.

Saif's blood is ours, the blood of Sharmila Tegar is ours, that's why he will be with Sushant Singh Rajput.
Stupid....are you...Sara takes name and shows Riya's photo...what do you want to say...
Main culprit is......... Salman Khan chutiye 

Well said Saif SirLet&#39;s boycott big banners and star kids.Encourage and support talented actors,  kangana, sushmita, Rajkumar, Vicky, kk Menon, Manoj vajpayee, Ayushman etc.....Please unfollow them from all social media platforms....And follow this strictly....RIP<a href="">#Sushant</a>

Coffee with 

My friends always force me to watch this nepo kids film but i never goes to watch i was never interested to watch i don&#39;t know its a hate from my guts

U  Hitler Karan Johar u killed shusant sing Rajput     u must panish for that

saif Ali kahan great Acot  salam 

buda karan  johar kutey ka bacha Khusra  Is ka poora hindustan  boycot  kero  3nd  class  hai or sushant singh Really  super star the or always rehe ga

People should unfollow Karan Johar and Salman Khan because they are idiot for insulting Sushant Singh Rajput 

I&#39;m proud of said he spoke up,but I still understand why he married Kareena she is so stupid compare to said, RIP SUSHANT X

I m agree with Saif Ali khan...

Saif Ali Khan is best actor  and good man/ Karan Johar must be thrown out  of Bollywood

Hats off to you Saif..

Gay Karan

u go saif n kareena. love u both n ur families. I was always both of urs fans n families keep supporting good ppl like sushant. Love u both n sushant. Havent seen Sara’s performance so i am sorry i cant say anything abt her but i wish her all the best in her career in bollywood. And Saif please keep ur daughter away from bad ppl like Karan Johar. What u said for sushant i am so proud of u. My both sisters met u n u actually took the time out to take shots with them both but i was left out n i tried so hard to come with them so i could have been in the shot n met u cus i know ur a really nice guy n very talented actor. Love u so much saif n bebo n not to forget ur mom saif n Karishma too. Also huge fan of hers too. Keep standing up for good ppl u n ur family. N by the way ur lil man Taimur is so adorable n cute. Would love to meet u all. Muhaaaaaa

sala chor khate yasto manxe ta xito mornu ni arkalai giraune chor

Karan Johar is the villainous ruler of Bollywood he interferes a lot in the personal lives of some actors to defame them And unabashedly promote others . In Coffee with Karan he cunningly frames his questions to produce laughter but we can see how he is hurting some people and upgrading his favourite actress. I don’t like him .

By doing this, everything was moving beyond the city. I hate everything. Miss u sushant
How are you speaking???? Speak without drama

Karan Johan betrayed a lot people that we are people stupid ..karan Johan femme

Karan jaouhar u r biggest player u have  
hijre bhrve kran randve
Because God has already punished you and you are already committing so much sin. Where will you go...even the doors of hell will be closed for you.
Karan j, who has seen Bollywood?
Ye BHT agy jata ya is ko Jana tha waqaie in Bollywood NY mil Kar mar Diya hate u all Karan,Salman,Yash raj
Sala mdrchod hijra ko juta maar randa karan johar
Well done Saif Ali Khan

People should stop watching koffee with Karan.

karan sixer
Well said Saif sir,,u r very brave as well as nice person

Hijra karan johar
varry  so sad
