It's a shame what happened, almost 15 years ago
Woww! Not even battery-powered emergency illumination! Only light you see from the building itself is the fire raging from inside it!

I am a firm believer in the fact that Nightclubs should not allow indoor fireworks of any kind. To prevent incidents like this from happening. RIP to those who died.

I still remeber when I was living in Bangkok in 2008-2009 and it happened. So sad.

Five days ago I &quot;saw&quot; it happening here in Brazil. More than 230 people died in a night club fire, 119 hurt and 59 are still in the hospital. Again I felt the same felling as Santika&#39;s tragedy.  Let&#39;s pray for all these souls.

I agree with the lack of safety standards in Thailand, as I also have lived there for over a year, but the exact same thing happened in New York killing nearly 100 people, and fnl2007 cited this in his comment (The Station, look it up)... So although &#39;the odds&#39; may be greater in Thailand, that doesn&#39;t mean other places are immune... Maybe you shouldn&#39;t talk out of your ass...

Why are you videoing straight at her close up and why you checking her pulse. if she&#39;s saying something she&#39;s a live

@fnl2007 Jesus CHRIST you idiot .. ! Have you EVER been to Thailand? I&#39;ve only been here one YEAR and I learned really quick how dangerous it is here. People die here all the time for THAILAND&#39;s LACK OF SAFETY STANDARDS.  Yes, maybe this would happen in another third world country but the odds of it happening in say the US, Australia, or Europe are pretty slim compared to here. Don&#39;t talk out of your ass you look really stupid

I hate the sound of siren. Its pretty scary and gives you chills

@Heftron fuck you.
@HLTGroupInc I think it would let people know there is an emergency in the area, it also lets people who need the emergency services know they are there or on there way, that is quite normal and happens in all country&#39;s, other than yours, you must live in narnia

@nostalgicmind0308 no shit sherlock - you should become a fir marshall

Damn! Burn in fire alive is the most agony ever!

what do thai people think of preah vihear  temple? does it belong to khmer  or thai?

They didn&#39;t submit themselves to allah. Instead they dance and drink and have sex, and this is how they get punished. 



Allah Akbar.
Owner are responsible for what they put up. Authorities are responsible for never ever doing their job before you have XX corpses in the morgue, and forgetting it short time after that.

2009 started under the FIRE sign, we shall have hell this year

Language tell everything about author of this comment....  Low life

Is it true that i heard from a rumors that they caught a lot of spirit from the smokes?

my friend diy at santika

OMG.. may all who have died here rest in peace.. T.T

This accident is so scary and it can happen anywhere. I just want to say REST IN PEACE for those who lost their lives.

this some scary shit...  ma ladi is from thailand and said someone she knew died here... r.i.p to all of em... and for all u big headed people that look down on these other countries- should eat a dik. just b happy that god put u where u are.

u know how long it took for the first aid arrive in Katrina?

No. things work the same way in all countries. Clubs in Melbourne bribe the police so they dont get caught letting underage during uni events. Things like this happen everywhere and you just don&#39;t know it. The only difference is that how exposed these people who bribe are to the media. Thailand is perceived that way similarly to other South East Asian nations. The truth is it just happens everywhere. You cannot blame it all on corruption which does not happen in every sector of the country.

For those who are blaming the people of Thailand on this: think again. This sort of thing can happen anywhere (as the Station in USA for example) where from a normal human nature of being careless.



All my wishes go to those who lost their loved ones.

I thing it can be call &quot;Bankok dangerous (CLUB house)!&quot; and I&#39;m so scare!

GOd BLess THem -_- and R.I.P

creepy ...The special party was named Goodbye Santika. The house band are called BURN and yeah  there were crosses and coffins on the walls.

Can anyone explain to me why Santika had a wooden cross inside and people around it got drunk and danced under it? I really wonder why they choose this interior as it wasn&#39;t respectful towards Christianity. I feel bad for all the people who lost their lives mostly and wonder why the interior of this disco looked like that of a church. God bless all those who lost their lives.

sighielsiegfried88:


Open your borders America!
Join our protestors in the streets and help the children of Palestine! We are the majority in U.S.A. now infidels die&quot;



You take the opportunity from a dissaster in Thailand to preach your bs. Many people died at this unfortunate event.



You and your group as a people and beliefs continue to be a minority. If you love your lifestyle so much then enjoy it in your mother country. We have already opened are borders and look at the result.

If you have such a problem with the US and what we do, then get the Fuck out of the country.  Or be brave enough to say it in public and see what reaction you get.

no your not.you fell and bumped your head fool.sighielsiegfried88 smoked out this morning

It make a lot of sense to me. Everything that happened must be a reason for that.



The cause of fire is the firecracker so does the cause of what happened to them :)

They do sin and sin deserve punishment/judgment or whatever.

Thai Police Stop that f..ck siren pls.

damn Kuntau17 !  Prostitute or or not, nobody deserves to die in a senselss fire.

What has happened to civility and humanity?

Have you become so cold and full of hate and jealousy that you&#39;d make such evil comments? 

You should be ashamed of yourself.

It is sad and tragic but still doesn&#39;t change the fact that most of them deserve that. Look how they dressed, you can&#39;t tell which one is the prostitute and which one not. PERIOD.

Eat that!

i agree 100%

i hope new regulations will be put in place. regulations that they will actually follow.

sorry
read the news on the internet

Horrible...

Condolences to all the victim of this very shocking tragedy... thailand has a very big place in my heart and its people too...so sad so sad...

Very very sad and made worst by some of the evil comments. What wrong 

Siamelpachuco did a farang run of with your woman? As for the evil western influence, how many hundreds die during SongKran each year, is that to blame on western culture as well is it? So sorry for the families.

people who go to club are not all bad.save your judgement for yourself.



My condoleces to the lost souls.

An evil comment by an evil person. If you think certain people deserve to die, because they live a life style you don&#39;t approve of, do you think you will go to heaven? What a sad joke you are. Imagine if some people felt you should die because you are a self-righteous evil person. It&#39;d be the same. You are evil and intolerant, religion is a disease that poisons people&#39;s minds.

Did you not see the video? There were tons of EMTs there helping.

So fuckin angry watching this, i have seen a fire in bkk down in sathorn a while back and it looks like same problem again. The police do not clear the scene for the fire engines to get there. 

What caused or who is to blame doesnt matter for me. The trucks cant get through due to the ammount of people, for fucks sake clear the poeple out the way. stop worrying about scamming farrang out of 1000bht for driving with white skin do your fucking job thai police, is utube still banned there too???

shes hot

spackatttttack ur harsh but funny

I agree with you. Siamelpachuco should not be Thai. Let&#39;s make his post as spam.

When I saw it, tears flowed without realizing it.
Very shocking
Died at 65, not normal.


I'm sorry.
My most sincere condolences to all of those who lost a loved one in this horrible incident. And for the injured a quick recovery.

RIP

It's so scary.
Stay close to the school.


Drive by every day - - &quot;


Goodbye Santika 

Very scary.


It's like saying it's a bad idea.


RIP
sorry. i should have said - retired doctor. i used to be one but i quit to do other things.



but nonetheless, if you are a doctor, and i swear, ask anyone who is, just look at the video, the first thing i&#39;m doing is checking on the fallen people, and you&#39;ll see NO ONE who is isn&#39;t already been checked or tended to be a paramedic / doctor / or nurse.



ofcourse u must not know thai language right? coz if you did u will understand all the background chatter being said and it would have made sense.

It's much better to spend the New Year at home with your parents and family.


Anyway, I'd like to express my condolences in the new year. Welcome the new year at this event.
hey no!. i was at the pub rite next to it.!!

hope the owners and who responsible get jail for life

I like this club too

yep, ten minutes into the event who knows if its an accident or terrorism. alright, what if this was a nightclub in Bali? remember they had the fire too?

btw, i also happen to be a doctor. i checked her for bruises/injuries to her body, observed if she was breating, and even checked her pulse (you can see that on film), and just then the paramedics arrived, lifted her off.



its one thing commenting from a computer, its another thing shooting with a camera with a dying person on your left and a burning building on your right.

No dead bodies on film?

You&#39;re pretty &#39;moronic&#39; yourself if you believe in Karma because of the fact because people may not care in tragedy happening half way around the world means they will die a slow painful death alone.



And you&#39;re just as bad as them if you plan to &#39;help them along&#39;.



Sure this is a tragedy, but Karma doesn&#39;t work buddy.

I just posted a comment and it said &quot;pending approval&quot;. Does this mean that youtube is approving these sick comments that are being made? I&#39;d like to know because I will stop using the site immediately if so.

and it wasn&#39;t an explosion. the person posting this is an ass.

they won&#39;t close comments because the person who posted this is sensationalizing.  look how he filmed the woman instead of helping her.  and he wrote &quot;ten minutes into the event!&quot;  complete with exclamation point.

It's not likely that last night the Po Tek truck and the fire truck Everyone was running around.


I would like to express my condolences to those who died....
I see you have a history of seeking attention by posting your spiteful bile on this site. I pity you for being so pathetic.



I would wish all sorts of awful things to befall you but nothing could be worse than having to wake up being you every day.

Wouldn&#39;t it have been better to help the victims than wander around making a video? You should show some respect for the dead and their relatives by taking this video down.

Wow... Sad.

Very very sad......club owners should be held resposible... very bad construction not enough exits...too many people...if fire works were brought into the club why was this allowed ? wheres the security ??? 

This should have been prevented ??? and if this was stage pyrotechnics then the owners are 100% resposible !!!!

This bar caters to many foreign expatriates and the wealthier Thais and I think you are confused about Thai culture and only see the western portrayal of prostitution which exists everywhere which is tainting your view of an entire lovely nation. 

This night club is just down the street from my apartment.  

I have many friends that live near this bar and I only hope they didn&#39;t go to this night club last night.

To all you people saying derogatory things about the Thai&#39;s after this video, you are absolutely shameless.  I wouldn&#39;t wish a tragedy like this on you or your family so why would you say something so bad about others?

what is wrong with you? it is a shame that you would even think such a thing much less take the time to post it under this video.  

This night club is just a few kilometers from my apartment and I have many friends that live on Ekkamai Road.  I am just finding out about this tragedy now and can only hope that none of my friends were inside the building last night.

There are thousands of clubs in Bangkok and this could happen in most of them. The safety standards are overlooked as its said most owners pay out police and the law. Things work different in Thailand. There was no back exits and only the front. Many trapped in toilets. I&#39;m still going to Bangkok in Feb. I really feel Sad about what happened and Im a little nervous. First the airport shut down and now this. Shocking start to the year and i feel it will be worse with the coming Economic crash.

In fact,Santika is a famous and popular nightclub for upper-class teens and foreigners in Bangkok. On this day, it arranged &quot;Good Bye Santika&quot; party (and CountDown Party) because of the end of its land contract. Bad Omen...&quot;Good Bye Party&quot;

On poster ads, u can search &amp; see the hiphop singer crying black tear. Bad Omen..

The prostitution as a commercial entity was created for American G.I. for there bases and some who stayed back from the evils of Vietnam war. This was shit treatment to all  non white people period

The prostitution as a commercial entity was created for American G.I. for there bases and some who stayed back from the evils of Vietnam war. This was shit treatment to all  non white people period

Iam sorry what happen but thailand must now move towards more purer Thai culture the revival will happen when we go against nature all this night club is western export need to end or the wheel of Karma will carry on, Thailand must save it dwindling environment and save tradition and end this sinfull western lifestyle thanx u

Yawn...pure speculation. Yes, EVERY Thai is &quot;addicted&quot; to corruption. That must be why the club burned down--all those sinful &quot;corruption addicts&quot;!

Full of hookers? Please... what a stupid MISCONCEPTION!

i lived in bangkok for 6 years (2000--2006). great place. yes, many problems, but i don&#39;t think this fire is due to corruption or prostitution or transvestites. maybe you thought hurricane katrina was punishment from god for all the &quot;badness&quot; in new orleans!? fools.

OMFG this is the time to pay respect for ppl who died. You morons who did not have this happened in their country or happened to their love ones should be grateful. If you say that most south east Asian lost their root and culture then I don&#39;t think you have one either because you don&#39;t even have respect.



Please join in mourning.
WoW I cant believe ppl be sad over this night club fire.there alot of thousand ppl got kill everyday and which is more than 59 ppl and is way horrible.Light up ppl.you guy should not be in the club where it got no inspection.good thing i move out of Thailand.plus is more like shemale land now.

You are a sad, little man, and you have my pity.

Zantika ,This pub had plan to close and move to another place in BKK, the name of concert for last night is &quot;Goodbye Zantika&quot;



sad T_T 



RIP

Let me guess?  heftron is a big fat loser that could not get anyone to go out with on new years eve.

you are really sad sad man. I pity you.

Not a start , anyone wuld want...sad event..RIP.

This was pretty surreal, almost as in a movie. Can&#39;t believe how horrible it must be for family and friends of the victims.



This should be a day/night of celebration and joy, but this is tragical.

I agree with closing the comments!  Youtube is the perfect place to discover what is wrong with the world in which we live!

i spoke to a radio program in australia. they said most relatives and friends were looking at these footage(s) and trying to figure out the well-being of their loved ones.



i think any clue we provide them would be a good idea.

Its sad to see how heartless some people on youtube can be.

The idiots who cannot see the tragedy and horror in this, will die a slow and painful death all alone - Or, if they come across me, I will help them along...



Please close commenting on this, I agree. Morons exists in plenty on youtube...

Were is your compassion?

maybe a good time for msethisuwan to close the commenting on this vid now.. to stop the idiots &amp; also in of respect for the dead.

terrible footage , very very sad....

fool

idiot

Karm comes full wheel in Thailand.

Lord Buddh  WOULD NOT APPROVE  Night Clubs all the bad infuence of the west

Karma 

Ban nightclubs , drygs drinking and prostitution in thailand , move to more asian pure life othervise western athiest lifestyle is evil

they must ban the western concept night clubs breed prostitution, crime and drugs. This is not a asian way karma comes full wheel

I&#39;m from Denmark, but live in Thailand. I have been to the clubs in BKK more times than I can count, and have been there too. What a horrific accident :( I am shocked and hope all of my friends are ok and did not attend that club tonight. Msethisuwan - You must be in chock and terrified after filming this :( I hate seing dead people, especially in real life and up close (I live in Thailand, i&#39;ve seen my share)... Omg... So sad... :( I feel for the injured, dead, and their families...

CRYBABY

A very sad tragedy. The U.S. has had several nightclub fires. in 2003 there was one that killed 100 people when the pyrotechnics from the rock band Great White ignited the highly flammable foam insulation. This can happen anywhere.

New Year&#39;s revelers: Know your surroundings. If indoors, know every exit sign, every pullbox, location of handheld fire extinquishers, smokehead, sprinkler, and mentally map a way out in the case something unthinkable - even if it&#39;s not a fire - happens.  As with The Station, do NOT go where the majority of people are going.  Sometimes an exit may exist along a path that will bring you close to the fire/smoke or other emergency condition. DONT always obey instinct!  Keep your head about you.

Thought of Rhode Island&#39;s Station and the Beverly Hills Supper Club come to mind. WHY must these places of cheer and happiness also harbor such tragedy??  People go for a good time and don&#39;t live to tell about it?



God You know the needs of the victims&#39; relatives in their time of unimaginable grief. Comfort them please.

There are a bunch places like Zatika in that area. Zanthika usually not the first choice for a lot of people.That is why they are closing in down. I think you b/f should be ok.

i hope she pulls through this terrible tragedy too.. her moans are cleary audible on the clip. I pray for her..

In my perspective ,I look at this video in the news way. Thanks for uploading .

trust me. believe me what i actually filmed is much worse. i intentionally didn&#39;t upload it here (or anywhere).

sad, yes...what&#39;s sad is this video is creating a SPECTACLE. these people could be DEAD now. why not honor them by taking this video off!?

God I hope she is! She was moaning and didn&#39;t look too well, but the good thing is as soon as I knelt down beside her the paramedics arrived to see to her.



I hope she is alright, there were burns to her left leg, burns to her upper left body, and she did look in pain.



:(

just heard you on the BBC.. 

was the lady lying on the floor ok ?

I was partyin at &#39;Funky Villa&#39;, just 500 meters behind Zanthika. It was when I got out to go home, I saw the firetrucks and followed them. I never realized that I was about to go and shoot this. Honestly I was really scared, but because of all the adrenalin, the instincts, I didn&#39;t actually realize what I was doing also.



I have more footage I&#39;ll just post up later.



Damn!
omg...so sad

RIP to the dead. 



This is surreal..  I&#39;d want to think it&#39;s a scene from some movies. I do really hope so.

Sad but so very predictable, Thai&#39;s enduring addiction to corruption and failure to uphold any sensible standard of law and order make this a sensless trajedy that no doubt could have been avoided had regulations be maintained or even enforced.

:-(

Bangkok nightclub fire kills 54, 100 injured
this has saddened me greatly ..

my heart goes out to the people of thailand, and those of other nations - caught up in this awful event :-(

Frankie (England)
That looks terrible, so sad.

very sad events...

Terrible! OMG from Holland

omg.. that&#39;s a bad fire.
