Salman will be happy

How many times is Ashivarya Rayi getting married? Then, when your heart desires, your husband renews and changes. Divorce is not a problem for them.
fake news

fake news

Kuch bhi. Kisika bhi divorce karva dete ho and kisi ki bhi shadi karva dete ho. Cheap stunts to get views. Shame on you. It’s one year since your video. Kaha hua divorce? Views k liye kuch bhi?

That will be her best decision.

Fake

It&#39;s impossible................

Abhi is worst actor in bollywood. So divorse tou bnta hai boss.

BULLSHIT!

Rascals u have no other thing to write.. nasty media

I hate Abhishek
Fake

Yar plz mujy btan j such hn yar j couple bohut pyara hn i like it so much
Kabhi be aishwarya mam abhishek ko chorna mat aap k couple bohut pyara hn
Tum log ko YouTube chala na shikha Dunga ...eise fake video banake kamana chateho...
Fake 
I am big fan of salman sir and aishwarya mam

Salman khan and aishwarya rai are best couple

I put a like not becoz they broke up,its bcoz of Ashwariya rai sincerity shows through her tears..they stil have something in common then...

Fake

At old age jaya has gone mad
False

ash best of luck 4 ur future..avishakh is nothing 4 u..so go ahead sweetheart...

Who is the girl talking? A four year old with a bad grammar and a bad accent? Idiots love to gossip without facts, adequate reliable information or confirmation. All speculations and assumptions. No wonder Indian women commentators give Indian women a bad name. They are assumed to be stupid, girly (with that irritatingly girly voice), jealous and crude or cruel.  Many rich women have their own apartments, do their own thing and may even get separated for sometime.Also, lot of  marriages go through bad patches. Unlike idiotic gossipers, with no clue on the sociology of different marriages, they make hullo-bullo over everything or nothing. And too many Indian commentators on YouTube, TV, etc.  have a bad voice, bad enunciation and an irritating girly voice. They give modern Indians, especially Indian women,  a bad name.

Who is talking? A four year old with bad grammar and bad accent? Idiots love gossip, without facts. Many rich women have their own apartments, do their own thing and may even get separated for sometime. Lot of  marriages go through bad patches. Unlike idiots gossipers, with no clue on the sociology of different marriages, they make hullo-bullo over everything or nothing. And too many Indian commentators have such a bad voice, bad enunciation and irritating girly voice.

fake news

Jaya Bachan is a bitch, who is so protective of her son and doesn&#39;t even want him to be happy with aish. Aish is his wife... why that old lady is not getting it!!!!! She is the reason behind their divorce!!

This is good news for me 

Fucking celebrities I don&#39;t watch film specially Hindi film.fuck you celebrities  marriage and divorce are theirs nature of gaining fame.fuck you all

Longurnoooo.ka haat mai aungoor. ...
<a href=""> ......such as Abhishek, I would not throw, because He is my idol. And I have nothing to say to Aishwarya

Who gives a fuck. Celebrity &quot;culture&quot; is an oxymoron for morons!

Fake video

Are yaar abhishekh ki to layki bhi nhi thi shadi ki world Quinn ke sath ki to etta nibhana bhi nhi ata kuch to kr baba thang se

Not true

If Aishwarya gets divorced then Sallu's Jori will stay with Abhishek.
Ashwarai is good n bachan Family treating her so bad... weneva u see her pic with her husband she is smiling n happy with Abishek

abeshak  is family  very good  don,t go divorce

Aishwarya is not even worthy of Abheshik, Aishwarya is such a beautiful queen, where does the donkey say that she got tied or when she worshiped, she did not last long and Amitabh Sahab gave 100 elephant charas in the temple which is rubbish.
that so sad....they both look so cute with each other.... please God make them together.....I want to tell one thing that they. should not do that it has a great impact on aradhya  ......God bless you Abhishek sir and aish mam ...please be together again soon

Why am I like that?
This is what it is like to be with Salman, who is not happy with Vivek, who has given wealth to Karishma Kapoor's fiance, who has married Umar Larke as per his wish, how long has he been so happy, it is surprising to me. This daughter was born to us in such a month.
No it should not be...

hooooo
She was not for your  family big b big chutiya.

Not at alll.....All r good between them.....Tb thodi problem hui thi bt scenes cut kr dia gae The....Release hone se phle hi sb thk ho gya thaaa.......

so sad her love life.otherwise it&#39;s her fault too...

he should have marry Krishma k not ash / period

nv

don&#39;t get  divorce. think your child.

Fake  video

aishwarya should marry to salman khan

Good new for me why she even sex with ranveer she doesnt bave shame she have a husband she have a child cant she notice that

I agreed she&#39;s too pretty for him

what is dis Veeeeedeo? vat is thist newz. Ash was not the enjoying . Sheeeeeee not the good at all… Vat is dis nansense and fasle me not thinking this is the truze

Its fake news about them

it is shameless for yaya bachan and abishek bachan to be having sex with aishwarya rai together as father and son,so therefore aishwarya rai is not married to abhiskek bachan because they are only using her to satisfy their selfish purpose and mission

She is only belongs to salman..  That&#39;s all.

nice

Aload of cock &amp; bull! People writing about abhisheikh bachhan.

Salman sir God has listen your request

Sara's makeup looks amazing, these actresses also look like women after makeup.
Your  channel  is utter nonsense

Ash is beautiful! She is better off alone or with another man who will not force her to be at home and comeplety shut down her career. Rai has every right to pick up back her career. I&#39;m sorry but at least if she had stayed with Salman, They would have been a power couple together. The only thing that man gave her is a beautiful daughter thats it! Good for you woman take back your freedom!!!!!! 

I hate him and love her

This revealed actress has either got married first or got divorced because India will never improve in the baton, India will be cursed from Pakistan
I love this couple. let God who united together let no man put asunder.success is not defined by hit movies.abhishek is successful by being a supportive husband and good father for a beautiful girl.

Is she divorced abhisek bhatun

Good of this channel

Haven&#39;t seen more dumb news than this! And this has 1M + views! What are humans upto? Oh Lord, save us!

She loves her father in law more

fake hai

i would be sad to see them separate!!!

fake

It&#39;s really better for Abhishek to get rid of this bitch.

bulshit news!!

but people she is gorgeous but truth be told beauty doesn&#39;t last forever and we are not always young. she is going to regret all one day when she&#39;s much older and more wiser that having a father 24/7 for her child is more important than glamour and acting. that is reality

This not good for the little kid they have,what is money and fame when you cannot live and love each other,me and my wife watched the  miss world when ash was crowned, from start to finished and we said to each other that miss India will be the winner,my advice to ash is winners don&#39;t quit we make it work and stand strong,my wife is a Scorpio like you she was born on November 5th and I am October 1st,we have strong ties for our family and will help you please don&#39;t give up.

aish is so beautiful and yet she married donkey salman is better

Ash is a user!!! she treated Salman Khan very badly to get higher in bollywood n only married Abshaikh bachan. .as the bachans have hi status in india.... Abshaikh is nice but she&#39;s just a user!! she&#39;s not that beautiful it&#39;s all plastic surgery anyway!!! beautiful faces always don&#39;t mean beautiful hearts

Salman is Aish&#39;s real sanam

aish u should give abhishek divorce and forget himand forgive Salman because he n u r perfect for each other I should marry him

Must be a rumour

it is the bacchan&#39;s personal matter why to involve in them.Guys get a work for urself

why Aishwarya ji divorce to abishak bachan this is very shocking to all of u fan

She should beShe deserve much more

pehly b us ne boht bold scene kiye sunjay dutt k sath or dhoom3 me b hritick tb kidr tha chutiya

fake stupid news

After divorce, I got married to Salman <a href="">#aish_mam</a> and banned my <a href="">#vabi</a>
These media people can't do anything because they don't have any knowledge, they can wear 2 bad stars or even make false news.
Need your husband support and understand as well that is bad news so sad

After getting married, you cut your wife in the film and why don't you forget it?
he deserves so much better.

sate

everybody is selfish in this world ash deserves betr than him

you need it girlfriend. stay away from that your sabi mumu husband with faka life always on him

India media lies
bloody girlish thing ....... he should be there when her father dies and she can do whatever she likes..... fuck bitches

what she did is wrong ......

if it really.good news

karan johar responsible 4 their brek up

This is the problem for every husband and friend, if you talk to girls or make friends, it is not difficult for your wife or friend, even if you talk to a boy, your husband is in trouble. Similarly, Abhishek is also like that husband. 
aish pls go with salman..salman really loves u

gra8

Ash is mangleek ‍️
Remembering Memorable Moments!
That&#39;s true??

good

ash marry to salman  dis avishk will ruin ur life nd jaya will kill u.. Just for da sake of respct ab yeh duniya kya kahegi dnt let dem down u.. we too notice dat avshk toh dumb h.. lekin u r so preety.. we in support of uh.. leave ur hubby let a free lyf... we will b happier to watch a beautiful ending of dis story... nd yeah aradhya  i kno she will understnd

hahaha so funn

She is a prostitute who is spreading filth in our poor society.
this is not true. Besides, Abhishek is an angel and down to earth.Aishwarya is full of ego.

not true ...

no no no bee they only

Ash married Abhi bcz of bchchn surname now Abhi has no demand in bollywood but Ash still atracts men.

wt the hell why do actors marry if they want devorce . More than this i feel its a rumor stupid thing i dont feel she will leave bacchan family nor abhishek will leave aish .

Ash didi, you will stay with Sallu Bhai, why don't you come in such a situation...
I think aish u sd go bk ur true love...still he lovs u more dn bachan

&lt;Scratching my beautiful white ass&gt; AAHHH feels good.

no this cant happen. both try and save your marriage.

as my opinion ash should have some limit in shooting after marriage afterall she is a mother of a child now and bahu of bachans

as my opinion ash should have some limit in shooting after marriage afterall she is a mother of a child now and bahu of bachans

i wish so salman is waiting u

Asweriya randi she thought Salman bhai didn't fuck her
why karishma and aishwarai they dont talk each other same to salmankhan and abkshe too dont enter to someone love you will never be happy pray to god he will give you a happy married

not true miloo nahhhh hor ghr maeee yeeh sap chalta heey badeyyy walaaa chotaa dimag off abisheks family not asheruwaa
fake

it is absolutely fake

I always felt they didn&#39;t value Ashwariya rai. She is a self-made woman, she didn&#39;t need to be a bachchan bahu, she was weathly and made a name in her own right. It&#39;s better to be alone than be alone in a marriage where you are not valued. Having said that, it is sad that they are splitting up now, especially since they have a child together. Divorce is never easy, whether you are a celeb or not.

fake

pls be silent guys who r v 2 judge them all have their own problems and they will sought out pls just read and forget all r good and bad in their own ways

waise ash hrithik k sath zyda achi lagti hai but salman ......better for her .

in logo ka to kam hi ye hi h

should not get divorce whatever problem they have can be solved specially they have kids its not good for children .

Close your rubbish shop!
Aishwarya is too clever for  abhishek.  she is proper prostitute zardari paid one million dollars for one nite. she came to pakistan and stayed in sarina hotel.

fierce face hihihi....
give divorce to him he is not suit for u

Abhishek had to hit also as if it had happened for the first time but Abhishak didn't even know about it.
Abhishak doesn't even like Ashwarya, he wants to give it to me.
OMG best couple of bollywood is getting divorce ..... shocked..

good vry good
Beauty  does not bring happiness  but  happiness  makes life m..beauty.

lgta h ki ab Bollywood m shadi or divorce aam BT ho gai h

I think aishwariya should&#39;ve thought about doing all this nonsense. It doesn&#39;t matter whether your a celebrity or a normal person at least think about your child your a mom a wife and a daughter you should be a role model for your child. Divorce is never the answer to anything unless you have some serious issue going on. I feel their is no thing called &quot;problem solving&quot; in this world. How many dads or mothers does a child need like seriously this world is crazy. Why do this in the first place when you know that this action can cause a chaos in the family. This has no fuckin thing to do with class, caste or anything or being the right &#39;bhau&#39; for the family as a women you should&#39;ve thought about this. You have a husband and a child that loves you that should matter the most. I know it&#39;s a professional job you have to be professional there&#39;s nothing wrong with that and I know there is an option for doing such scenes but you shouldnt have done that in which your family got hurt.

No.. It&#39;s not good news..

abhishek bachan , bahut ghamadi hogaya hai . he got miss world ,miss universe has wife , jaise bandar ko hurre milgaya hai , just ek movie sence ke vaja se divorce de raha hai , to abhishek u r a very unprofessional acter ho

Abhishek flop actor Aishwarya right decision get the divorce and start releship Salman because Salman waiting u I no that

No one wish his family to be destroyed and I&#39;m sure famous or simple or poor no one wants divorce special if kids in the middle but if life is impossible between both I agree for divorce better for all ,please don&#39;t spread bad news or bad words if aren&#39;t correct they hurts and those two lovely actors are from good and class family that we all in Al the world loves them . wishing them peace and good luck always .

hope now my line is clear
she is an actress....abishek didn&#39;t know that.... he is an actor too

aishwarya have everything...money...power...popularity...india woman proud.poor abhishek   //i think abhishek  married sunny leoni...not beautifull woman in the world....

Good idea to break up Abhishek is just a Flop actor nothing more than that.

no thats worng

aishwariya is the best

Abhisheik&#39;s mum is the reason for their divorce

ash is far better actress and a goodlooking women she deserves a good high class man who can handle <a href="">her.it</a> looks like abhishek is always jealous of ashs popularity and fame as he coudnt achieve anything in the industry.its beacuse of amitab bachan he is surviving in industry with some small roles.abishek bachan needs pamperd life imos from his wife the more ash gives imp he feels insecured lousy man she should leave him

SHE IS A BIG SLU.....T

Aishwariya, you live your life for the sake of Aaradiya and for yourself.
aishwariya aap divorce mat lo ek dusre ko nibhna padtahai kyuki life badi hai kabhi n khabhi kisi n kisi ke sath thoda nock joke hota hi bachhaan family me aap.bahut aache set ho gai ho Aur aap ka family bhoht sunder lagta hai abhishek is good man

 ,ohhhh hooo so sad

aiswarya get merried with sallu bhai

These r all because of Jealousy, saying goes Jeleous is not Love ,Control is not Love n Abuse is not Love .Bollywood all r so much Jeleous n this is the result .

wow again great

That&#39;s good , Bachan family rejected Karishma for married this birch Now they know how she is 

They show off their riches while their country is dying of hunger. They could give a little money to the poor of their country. What a shame for these kind-hearted people and actresses!!!!
kuch accha video banao rey.. shaadi tutne ka video mat banao its a very sad thing after all, whether real or not.  they live happily.

She should find someone with class and fame like herself and find a guy who doesn&#39;t have a mental mother like her husband&#39;s mother.  She&#39;s an independent woman with fame so she should not be dealing with this kind of Indian crap.

rohit Malik they want to get marriage b4 with karishma like the father and rekha rohit iam a very big fun for indian films since i was 10y i know all actors and actress for india since90s i know there history now they call it bollywood but b4 was indian movies and we use to watch the movies with india language now we can watch it with different language and i real enjoy it

Aishwarya rai is too good for loser Abhishek!! she deserve a lot better than loser Abhishek..

Divorce had to be ... abhishek has no charisma and looks like a boring man.

Wat a fake news, and you anchor !!work on your fake accent .

Jhoot jhoot

aish deserve salman becz they made 4 eachother aish married abhishek just 4 money and aish is an actress she can do whatever she want to do i hate abhishek

Talk about before marriage and but now after getting married to the family, Aishwarya's status is also not there.
seema m they war engagement if u dont know they want to get marriege u can look to youtube Ab and krs engagement part

Kuch bi Bakwas bolte hai.

kb

said news

Nonsense.

what are you saying?

see ur life its perfect with ur partner or wife , don&#39;t give comments to celebrity ,they don&#39;t care,

no true...plese..
ddddonnkey   Bakwas fake abhishek.

Don&#39;t think song is news is true at all ashwaryia  loves Abishek

Aishwarya is way way beautiful.  Abhishek is not that handsome and all he is because of his great daddy. Ash should leave him imho. I think she shouldn&#39;t have married him.  He is not even good looking and doesn&#39;t deserve someone like Ash.

Abhishek is a good man and a good husband. He should marry a good woman who can take care the family &amp; obeys the husband. From: Abhishek Bachan fans

True or fake news?

Aish..go back to Salman

Ashwarya is too good for him abhishek is ugly and donkey she is too good for him

not true

Aish is a good actress!
yeah i know none of our busines, im just asking nothng else...

true????

abhshek was the husband for karishma kapoor and she take him away from her because he is rich money is not everything

I hate you Aish
good they both deserve that.

aww they make a good couple
