Baby bed

Just a few things that he has done, he has made Rohit Sharma the baller and Bumrah the batsman. Brother, some information about cricket.
You are seeing Jasprit Bumrah as a batsman.He is not a batsman he is a fast baller of indian cricket team.

Rohit is a batsman not a bowler

Bhumra is bowler noot bats man

Rohit <i>_</i> Bowler  Bumrah Batsman bhai you wait for cricket
You need a good voiceover artist. You can contact me for this.

Dhanshree verma not sharma

Rohit is not bwoler  hhe is batsman

Yes not batsman

Last one is nice I wish I can have it for my little sis

even a little
Only dhoniLike

Bad

Jasprit as a batsman

Doni

Bhai tughe kuchh pata hai Rohit Sharma bowlerJaspreet bumrah batsman

Jasprit bumrah is bowler and Rohit Sharma is batsman

Burmah : batsman Rohit : bowler            LOL
Bumrah is not batsmen

Bhai tumse na ho payega

I like Sachin bhia gift
Brother, have you read Dore?
Dhoni

It&#39;s just like spice in tea and suger in vegetables

Oh my God Bhumra is a batsman and Rohit is a bowler 

It is fake

Rohit. Bats man hai or Bumrah bowler hai agar video ban nahi ata toh mat bano
Kohli be like when will my daughter meet me
Brother, what are you saying after drinking cheap drugs.. The bowler was called a batsman.. And the batsman was called a bowler.
Rohit Sharma felt good
Where is cat

Rohit is bats man not bowler 

Rohit bowler &amp;Bumrah batsman 
Are you mad how can a soft toy be of 2.5 lacs?

Ms Dhoni

<a href="">2:41</a> 

abe chutiye thik se to bat kiya kar n logoka nam proper liya kar

Bumrah is a bowler and Rohit is batsman

What is your gift allowance?
oye bakchod kuch b
Who came here after seeing on Instagram?Hit like
Bumrah is bowler not batsman Rohit is batsman not bowler

You burbak h
Rohit batsman not bowler fun fact

Totally fake See his other videos they are also totally fake

Breaking news Rohit is batsman

Bhai Bumrah bowler he na ke bat man

Imma report this page 

Bumarh batman 
Since when did Bumrah become a batsman or Rohit Sharma a bowler?
Ms

How did Bumrah bat?
hey brother you look so good
Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
Baby poo is only 230ruppes not 1.5lac broo

Abe sle bumrah bolero he chutiye

Shain tendulker

Aabe takle bumbrah is bowler

Bumrah is bowler and rohit is batman

dhoni

And what is written in the thumbnail?
U said burman as batsman and rohit Sharma as bowler

Sarap pikar btha hyaBumra ko-batsman bol ra hyaRohit ko-bowler

Boler

Every gift in lakhs And rohit sharma&#39;s gift worth Rs. 50000Seriously!!?

Sala Rohit batsman...sala when you did not know which bowler or which batsman and you gave facts.
Yuzi wife name is Dhanshree Verma not Dhanshree Sharma

Rohit Sharma IS NOW INDIA&#39;S BOWLER AND BHHUMRA IS BATSMAN

<a href="">

<a href="">

Brother what happened?
2.43 Rohit is a very big genius are u comedy me
Why are people getting bored?
IodaIoda

Rohit Sharma

Dhoni gift is very expensive

Rohit is a bolwer Bumrah is a best batsman 

Bumrah is bollwer not a batsmam

Msd

Abe Ghanchaker has bowled Bumrah and Rohit Bastman has samjr ollo
Ms dhoni is best

Jasprit bumrah bowler hai

Sharma nahi verma
Jasprit bumra batsman lol
Jasprit bumrah isa batsman contracts and Rohit Sharma is a bowler op yar

Bhai app galat hai jasperit bumrah baller hai

Jasprit is the best batsman...
Brother Bhumra is a bowler or Rohit Sharma is a batsman. Before these, I will give birth to you. Or watch your video below 
Jasprit bumrah is bowler

Jasprit bhumra indian batsman or ballebaaz
Rohit sharma is a bowler or what gendbaaz

Burma is bowler and rohit Sharma Is batsman

Note Boom boom bumrah Is a batman

I Like Gifts Of All Indian Players

Rohit sharma indian bowlers anad jasprit bhumrah batsman

Breaking news bumrah is a batsman of india

Bochadikya
Why don't you have a pair of glasses?
You made a fake video
Bumrah is bowler not better and Rohit Sharma cricketer batsman and not Wallah

Jasprit bumrah spelling and he is a bowler

Totally fake useless

Wow, when did Bumrah become a batsman and Rohit become a bowler?
And bumrah is a bale bazz

Yuvraj Singh
Rohit batsman he
Jasprit bowler He
In his video 10 most expensive guft from stars dalit gift him a gold car as you can see in this video and the car cost 1 lac and the actors video he told the car is 12 lac

Chute math bana



Bhai tera Source of Information kay ha 

Rohit is batsman broo

Now rohit sharma is bowler and bumrah is batsman

Next video bellamkonda Srinivas lifestyle
I am more tired of making a video like yours 10 times than a tweet.
Ms Dhoni
According to Celebrity news Jasprit Bumrah has scored 7000 runs in test cricket.Rohit Sharma has taken 357 wickets with 2 10 wicket hauls..

<a href="">1:21</a> jasprit is a best batsman.... How 

Rohit Sharma bowler hai? Dhanashree sharma hai?  Wo verma hai

Gifts r gifts........no comparison only affection 

MS Dhoni gift
Bumrah batsman kab hu
Jasprit bhumra is the batsman and rohit sharma is the new bolwer it is wrong  you have dont information so dont say ok

Jasprit Bumrah as batsman and Rohit Sharma as bowler....
Bomra is not batsman He is blower 

rohit sharma is not a bowler
Bhmra is bowler

Roman reings exspensive things 10 please

M s dhoni
bumrah is batsman and rohit is bowler omg.And I like the dhoni&#39;s  expensive gift .

<a href="">1:25</a> he is a baller lol

Ms Dhoni ️
Can you make James Simons biography please

All

Breaking news bhumra is a batsman

This man telling this gifts has no idea because virat &#39;s baby is kept completely in privacy and and not more gifts were given to that baby acordings to dehli forties hospital stop making fake vedioes

Nice

Jusprit Bumrah is a great batsman.....
Chutiya

Bhumra is a bowler brother
Oh brother cheap drug Bumrah is the best batsman of Indian team
Rohit Sharma is batsman not bowler 
Fake

1.25Funfact jasprit bumhra is best batsman 

<a href="">1:24</a> bhumra is batsman

Bhai bumrah is a bowler not batsman

Rohit is not a bowler  And jasprit Bumrah is not a batsman
rohit gen baz nhi bale baz he
Dhoni

jaspreet balebaz nhi gendbaz
Pat ni ha ki kon kon ha
<a href="">1:25</a> jasprit is an bowler not batsman 

Lololo

<a href="">1:25</a> jasprit Indian team k batsman hai 
Rohit is a batsman

Burmhra is a bowler not a good batsman lol

brother please do some research
Dhoni

Rohit Sharma

To many mistakes bro

Anybody noticed that he said bumrah a batsman and rohit a bowler lolll

Bumrah is a Bowler Not a BatsmanLol 
Bumrah is a Bowler Not a BatsmanLol 
Bumrah is a Bowler Not a BatsmanLol 
Abe.. Rohit is a Batsman not a bowler ................Virat Kohli  ️  ️ ... K Liye 1 LIKE kare ... Congratulations BOTH OF YOU ️️.............️  ️  ️.....
Nikalo re isko kuch pata hai nhi ise

<a href="">1:24</a> Jasprit Bumhra Is A Batsmen Guys 
Rohit as bowler Bumrah as batsman

Rohit as bowler 

Rohit as bowler

Bumrah as batsman
Rohit is not a bowler

You are LOL rohit is Batman

Bumrah is bowler not batsmen LOL NOOB

Rohit is a batsman Once more shame on you

Bumrah is a bowler shame on you

gandbaj nahi balebaj lol
Ms Dhoni 
Jaspreet as a bastmen
1.26 jasprit bumhra as a batsman 
All prices have been quoted
Bleha baj ni h bowler
Jasprit is not batsman lol

Bumrah bastman nahi bowler haa
Rohit Sharma is a bowler and not a batsman
Son, when you have to do homework, how do you do it?
Rohit is a batsman or Bhom is a bom bowler.
Jasprit is boller

MS dhoni gift is best

<a href="">1:27</a> jasprit bumrah is batsman.
Bumrah is a batsman not a bowler
Rohit is a great batsman of indida and jasprit bumraha is a great bowler of india

Ms Dhoni

Ŕøhihț.bhai.batsman.hai.
Bumrah is bowler

All soke
Rohit Jaane I am not a bower lol 
Chahal

Love from America love you india

Bumrah  batsman
Since when did Bumrah start beating?
Rohit be like : uhh Bhai maro mujhe maro . Bhumrah and bowlers : mai nokri chur du.

Bumrah is a bowler

Ms Dhoni ka
Rohit sharma is not a bolwer

<a href="">1:25</a> Bumrah a batsman
CH*****ya

Nice

Hey, are you crazy? Rohit Sharma is not a bowler, Jasprit is not a batsman, he is following the path of others, but he has not found anything yet.
Bumrah is not playing the ball but is bowling.
Bro jasprit boler ha
Juspit bumrah is a Indian batsman

Jasprit bhamra

Congratulations 

Jasprit Bumrah bohut acche ballebaaz hain ! Really

Dhanashree Sharma not Verma, also changed Bumrah, waahhh gjb ???
Bumrah bowler ha

Which drug do you drink brother? Rohit Sharma is a bowler and Bumrah is a batsman.
He got confused in bumrah and rohit

Rohit bowler and bumrah batsmen 
Brother, you are talking about the Indian cricket team, then make a video.
Bumrah is bowler not a bats man fun fact

Rohit sharma gift

Brother you haven't watched cricket please watch it once again
bumra is a bollar

Msd

Love from Australia

Ms Dhoni
Bhai Jaspreet Bumrah is a bowler and not a batsman.
OOO jasprit is a batsman lol

Rohit indian bowler 
Bhai chutiya mt bnao..qki Rohit Sharma ..batsman h . Na ki gandman
Brother, do you know the best cricketer and make a video..who is the batsman and who is the bowler?
Ye toh mad hoga rohit sharma bowler
When did Jasprit Bumrah batsman go crazy?
My brother is look like virat if virat and my brother stand so nobody say how is virat and he is also a player in lucknow term he is a captain

Virat is say she can&#39;t tell so how you know  fake

I have a cat

Jasprit is a boller

Chutiya

This image <a href="">0:12</a> is edited why giving wrong picture shame on you very bad

Are you mad brother? Rohit is a bowler or Bumra is a batsman.
Brother this is a useless channel subscribe mt 
Ohh bhai jasprit bhumrha is a bowler not a batsman

Breaking News Jasprit Bhumbra Batsman Rohit Sharma BowlerCongratulations


Brother, I have not watched cricket but I have learned that Jasprit Bumrah is a bowler and Rohit Sharma is a batsman.
He is the batsman and Bumrah bowler.
And last vedio u say Dhoni give chocolate and now u say he give ring or chain

Rohit is batsmen

Jasprit is bolwer not batsmen

I realized that he had said something wrong about Jaan Bhuj and so many comments came.
Sister-in-law and daughter are in Virat's house and are happy, have you gone crazy whether Bumrah is a bowler or Rohit is a batsman?
Jasprit plays ball and ball
rohith is bowler

Tony Kakkar lifestyle video

Bumrah is the best ballerbazz.
Rohit is not a baller he is a good batsman

How can a soft toy cost 2.5 lakh

Bumrah batman he
Rohit sharma is a batma not a baller

Jasprit Bhai bowler h batsmen nhi 

bhai tu pagal hai bumrah ko batsman or rohit bowler

Bahi Bumarh is a bowler not Batman hai
Jasprit is a bolwer

Jasprit bumrah not Batman is bola

Bumra as batsman
Breaking news rohit sharma is announced as bowler in this content.

Bhumrah is a batsman, I found out today, please collect the complete information first.
Bumrah as a batsman

You guys watch cricket or not?
Lifestyle of Danish Jain

Bumra is batman and rohit is bowler

Abe sale Rohit Sharma Jaaneman ne bolr nahin hai fuck off
<a href="">1:25</a> not Batsman he is bowler.

Bumrah batsman and Rohit bowler
Bumrah batsman our rohit bowler. Wa wa very bad
Jasprit Bumrah batsman wahh, aab toh india won all matches Jasprit will bat and Rohit will bat and since when did Danashree's surname become Sharma?
Bumrah as a batsman oh tery

Bhai face revel karo

Bumrah is best batsman And Rohit Sharma is best bowler in Indian team
Rohit is not a bowler he is a batsman

Bhumrah op batsman
Sting per lifestyle video bnao
Wrestler the icon sting per lifestyle video banana

Rohit - bowlerBumrah - batsman
Bumrah batsman
It is said that Bumbar is the best batsman of Indian team or Rohit Sharma is the best bowler of Indian team.
Jasprit Bumrah is a bowler 

LoL 

Jasprit as batsman

Dhoni

Bumrah batsmen
Its proved everything is fake ,in pevious vedio u told diljith dosanjth  bought gold toy car ,to day something else. Kuch bhi

Brother I think you don't watch cricket.
Breaking news. ---. Bumrah best batsman
Wo Sab paise koi kharib bacho ku detu bahut acche rehta

<a href="">2:38</a> bowler 
I am making a video of smoking ganja.
Breaking News jasprit bumrah batsman
Jasprit Bumrah : BatsmanRohit Sharma : Bowler
wow rohit bowler sahe h...maro muje ab...majak horaa h na
You mad bro bhumra is a bowler Rohit is a batsman

brother dheneshari...verma please tell me brother
Big News of 2021Breaking News1 Rohit Sharma is bowler2.Jasprit Bhumrha is Mind blowing Batsmen3. Dhanshree Verma Surname is change &#39;&#39;Dhanshree Sharma&quot;

jasprit...bowler h bhaiya ji please speak to me
breaking news : JASPRIT BHUMRA is INDIA batsman

Rohit Sharma ki teddy bear  to Flipkart mein 400  mein bik raha hai.woh kaise 50,000 ka ho gaya??

Ms Dhoni
Very much fake channel

Jastit is a bolwer

Rohit bowler and bumrah batsman nice bro
Put video like this 3 times more
What pgl are you making brother?
Bumrah as bats man and rohit as a bowler hahaha

Bumar is batsman hahahaha

Rohit is betsmen &amp; jaspreet is bowler 
Jasprit as batsman 



 Rohit sharma is not no bowler  He is Bat man 

Bumrah is a bowler and Rohit is a batsman

Khatarnak news Bum bum as a batsman

Rohit bowler
Bumbrah as batsman 
Jasprit best batsman 
rohit janemane bowler aur iuse bta kar gift kiya h sabne

Jasprit batsmen 
Congratulations Rohit Sharma is an bowler and Jaspreet bumrah is a bats man

Jasprit bumrah batsman
Bumrah was a Batman 

Rohit as a bowl ar

Breaking news bumrah is a world class batsmen

Jusprit Bumra as a Bats man

And bumara is the batsman, he is feeling drunk and has come to drink.
Yuvraj Singh
Lol Burma great batsman

Please don&#39;t say like this because in test matches also rohit do bowling and in the test matches bumrah was done batting.He beat 50 I have seen which is very hard to bumrah

Bumrah is best bowler not a batsman

Bhai cricket ke bare me pat tolag le te

Jasprit is batter I know it now thanks

Great to hear that bumrah is an Indian batsman and rohit Sharma is an bowler well done bro

Brother how many videos will you make on this topic?
Jasprit Bhumbara batsman breaking news
Bumra batsman hahahah
Brother Jasprit batsman and Rohit bowler since when?
You are always there as if you are a baby at home.
Are sir aap jasprit bhum rah ko ballebaj aur rohit sharma ko gend baaj bol rahe hai if I am right plzz like

Breaking news Rohit Sharma is a bowler and bumra is a batsma

Bumrah becomes batsmen
When has Rohit Sharma started bowling?
“Bumrah is the best batsman of India and Rohit is the best batsman of India” LIKE - BHAI KAUNSA KIYA HAI AAPNE
BREAKING NEWS ROHIT SHARMA IS A INDIAN CRICKET TEAM BOWLER

Tnx for inform that rohit is a bowler thnq very much

Jaspreet as a batsman and rohit as a bowler 
Abe sale pehele to cricket dekh ke ahe fher video Bana bhumra batsman or Rohit bolar 

I don't understand who this star is who knows who gifted what and for how much.
Disclaimer : Rohit hit man sharma is an indian bowler

<a href="">1:26</a>  Jasprit Bumrah is a batsman
Bhumra batsman
Oh brother, I have made a video of you eating this bhaang.
How Bumrah become a batsman

Oo bhai commentary too theek se   yrr jasprit bumrah batting  Rohit Sharma  bowler vah vah breaking news

Rohit is best bowler of team india

KLRAHUL lifestyle

Jasprit bumraah as a ballebaaj 
Bumrah is is a bowler

Jasprit bhartiya team ke behtareen ‘ballebaaz’ hai beta video banane sey pehle research toh kar liya karo bhai

Jasprit Bhumra has bowled, brother
Wrong information becoz bhumra is not batsmen n rohit is not a bowler.. give like who agrees..

Who has given these women even a little bit of shame?
Jusprit bowler he lol

Bc jasprit in a fast bowler not a batsman

Bhumrah is best bowler not batsman

Love you from Odisha

i like all gift

Dont you know the difference between a bowler and a batsman

Bumra Indian batman 
Brother, where do you drink cheap drugs? Jaspreet Bumrah is a famous batsman and Rohit Sharma is a famous cricketer.
Fake

Breaking news bumrah is batsman

Rohit be like - wait a minute 

Breaking news :Jasprit Bumrah An Batsmen
Celebrity news you are very wrong

Bumrah is batsman  Pehle cricket ke bare pad jakar

Jasprit bhumra boler he na ki batesman

Rohit sharma bolwer nhi ​​h bhai
1.24 jasprit bumrah batsman
Listen carefully everything 

Rohit bola

Love from nepal v2

Ooo my brother Rohit Sharma batsman h Or bhumra bowler h 
breaking news. bumbrah is a batsman i never know that. awesome fact

Rohit is a batsman
Bumra batsman and rothi bowler

Uncle aap Dubai ke uper information banavo aur burj Khalifa ke uper bhi please uncle

Congruation

Rohit is batsman and Bumrah is bowler

This video is so fake

<a href="">1:22</a> bhumrha batterym balebaaz ???
Jasprit ballbaz and Rohit gendbanj Bhai die mujhe die
Who will be India's new bowler Rohit Sharma?
Bumrha is bowler

Bhai app kitne jhut bol rahe ho mujhe yeh channel dekhni hi nehi hai

Rohit batsman hey not bowler

Jaspirit bumrah bowler hey

Bhumra betting 

Sir Rohit is batman jaisprit is bowler

this is your 3 video on anushka and virat daughter

M s dhoni &amp; jadeja fan 
Jasprit Bumrah- India's best batsman.
Are you brother? Rohit is not a bowler and Bumrah is not a batsman.
Love from bangladesh

He said that Jaspreet bumrah is batsman AndRohit Sharma is bowler I want to say plz watch cricket 

Bro you have done three mistakes in this video 1- Jasprit bhumrah is bowler not batsman 2- Rohit sharma is batsman not bowler3- This is Dhanashree verma not sharma

Bumrah is a bowler not batsmen 

Bumrah batsman and Rohit bowler 

Batsman Jasprit Bumrah,Abey, do you drink cheap drinks?
Breaking news bhumra is a batsman

<a href="">0:12</a> RIP edit 

Bumrah बल बाज हो गाया 
No Rohit Sharma is a batsman and jasprit bumrah is a bowler you have told wrong

Jaspreeet bumra batsman

Rohit Sharma is a - Boler .Jasprith Bumhrah is a - Batsman .  Who watch this like hear 

Rohit and Bumrah..3 mnt video 3 wrong words..
Bumrah as batsmen and rohit as bowler you make this video after durnk 

Have you ever asked Deccan about Indian cricket? Is a batsman called a bowler?
Dhanshree sharma nahi verma
Love form Assam

Nice 
Pagal

What's wrong brother?
Rohit Sharma is a bowler, is he crazy? Is there dust in his mind?
My dream get heart plz
Make lifestyle video on south actor Pawan klyan plz sir

Wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa wa Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Maje aa gye
Jasprit is bowler and rohit is batsman

Even Anushka and Virat would not have thought of these gifts.
You are cheater you see video  of Pakistan star TV channel idiot celebrity news

Bumprah...batsman 

Ms dhoni. .....sir......
Legends know this is part - 3

Soo beautiful ️
Jasprit bumrah is a bowler not a batsman
Love from Pakistan

Pagal glt hi bol rha h jo boller h use bestman bta rha h and jo beatman h use boller bta rha h 
He just say bumrah is very good batsman and Rohit. Sharna is very good bowler 
Virat Kohli daughter&#39;s 10 most expensive birthday gifts from Indian

Bhai k cheap drugs bumrah ballebaaz and hitman bowler
Already fan over v
Love from India

Gasprit bumrha ballabazz %LoL
Hi Guys  
Jasprit ballebazz
Wait what Jasprit is a Batsman ! And Rohit Sharma is a bowler ! Ya baat kuch hazam nehi hui 

Techno gamerz ️ watch video please ️️️
Breaking news from the reporter that the Rohit Sharma is the bowler congras Rohit sharma

Is rohit sharma fucking bowler. Why do you give wrong information.

Best News from Video: Jasprit Bumrah is best batsman and Rohit Sharma is best Bowler and other is right 

Ms Dhoni

Find out what brother Bhumbra is, he is a bowler of Indian cricket and not a batsman.
No Dhanashree Verma it&#39;s Dhanashree Sharma
Fake channel

Why did Shale Bumrah not bat?
Video is good but gaanja km phooka kr
How many times is the video uploaded.....
<a href="">2:41</a> rohit is very good bowler of indian team again telling wrong 

Elon musk experience thing

Love from mumbai

Rohit is a baller i dont no this

HARDIK PANDYA lifestyle video

Rohit sharma is a batsman not a bowler

<a href="">1:24</a> jaspit is very good batman of india  lol

Sare player injured ho gai ab coach khelega

You are from INDIA 🇮🇳
Bai Rohit genth bazz nehi hein balle bazz hein
mast paad choode bhai mere to kaan phat gaye
MSD

99 lakh cat or 2 crore mercedes were bought.
Love from dhoni

Virat Kohli Daughter&#39;s 10 Most Expensive Birthday Gifts From Indian Cricketers and Bollywood Actors

Like kro celebrity news and subscribe kro

Abe tere ko balebaj or gend baj ka matlab nahi pata kya

Rohit as a bowler

Are ye pagal he sala bolta he bumrah   batsman or rohit baller

Celebrity says bhumrah is batsman but bumrah is bowler

Love you from Assam ️️️
Hell0

Dhanasree Sharma ka bhi verma kar diya

Rohit Sharma is the best man bro
Rohit Sharma is not bowler he is Batman,s

Veer happy god new
Rohit is bowler fuck yr

Bumrah is batsman and Rohit Sharma is bowler...bohut bariya...
Happy good new

BREAKING NEWS : ROHIT INDIAN BOWLER

Ms Dhoni and kl rouhal

Bumarah is batsman good lage raho 

Yrr this Rohit Sharma bowler kb se gaye
Celibrity news sabse tez YouTube channel hai....

Pls give heart

How many times do you make videos?
<a href="">2:41</a> Rohit Sharma is not a bowler but has very good bats.
Bhai or itni video banega 3 video ho gayi ha 
Pakistani Players Me Kuch Di
Rohit Sharma is batsman not boller

Nice ️️
Hey brother, Dhanshree Sharma is not Dhanshree Verma.
Rohit is a batsman not a bowler Lol

Rohit gandbaaz or bumra ballebaaz???<a href="">#gazabbezzati</a>
First view

Nice!

Hlo

Ms dhoni gift
1 viewer

Please give me heart

Wow 4 min 1.1 k views ️️️️
<a href="">2:41</a> gend baaz rohit sharma 
Hi  bro

Lifestyle video on Jass Manak

Wow bro
Breaking newz=Bhumrah is batsman of Indian cricket team

Jasprit is gendbaaz not ballebaaz

Rohit batsman ha
Suparbbb

Jasprit bolwer ha

Love from nepal

Nyc voice
Sir big fan for kolkata

<a href="">1.like</a>



1ST COMENT

Very Nice

1ST LIKE 
Rajat tokas . lifestyle plez

First view

First comment...
Thanks you making videos in lockdown
First view please give heart

First

Editor

Congrats virat kohli.
First comment

Fist

Hi

Daily waiting for your video

1 view

First view sir plz do face revaival
1ST

First

First comment

Fraud
First view
