What was the cause?

Another example of Greek incompetence.

I am sick of ethnicist comments on YouTube.Also, the ship was chartered to Greece. So they kept in the Italian captain?

Nobody is aware that all that stuff the frigging boat is floating in is perfect for extinguishing fires.

Just read an article by Greek researchers that says that Italian and Greek Politicians lied when they said they sent rescue straight away. 7 out of the 10 Super-puma Greek Helicopters for all weather never took flight to help the rescue. Also, an Italian passenger accused one of the Greek Helicopters of coming and going but not saving anyone. One of the Greek sailors, just gave an interview saying that the Captain never put anyone to check the garage during the night. ( As it is Maritime law)- That&#39;s the economic cisis killing people, economic crisis that the EU is imposing Greece and Italy.

This video is very interesting and we can learn loads from it:1st) In any case on an emergency on a ship, dress properly, no heels, no pajamas, layer of clothes and a good coat/jacket.2) Take some kind of food + bottle of water. with you3) Take your small valuables in back packs or waist bags.( we can see that handbags are a bit too much during rescue by helicopter)4) Keep your animals next to you5) Take your mobile with you for filming and contact- The Greek Ministry was informed of the accident by a Greek passenger while in the ship6) In case of fire/smoke lay low( like in airplanes). Protect yourself from the smoke, rain and cold, behind walls.

My brother-in-law Mirko was rescued after 35 hrs by the helicopter from the San Giorgo, all praise to the rescuers and the crew controlling the passengers. Also thanks to the Croatian Embassy in Rome .

Anek lines is the worst ferry company in greece and all greeks talk bad about anek and its crew. I had some experience with anek and can confirm that they are crazy and don&#39;t care for nothing..even for safety.

Italy needs to send their Captains for training in Greece. There&#39;s a reason why Captains that graduate from the Greek Merchant Marine are notorious for being the best captains in the world and are employed by the best companies around the world and navigate the biggest vessels... Come on Italy first the Concordia and now this... Well at least this Captain didn&#39;t bail first, like the captain of the Concordia... Loss of life, loss of ves$el, damage to environment, loss of wildlife... What a shame, I hate seeing accidents at sea...

Incredible images
This smells like a big scandal mafia debacle. Only minutes away from Corfu or the Albanian coast the Captain opted to sail to Bari (Italy), which was 5 hours way. Assistance from Albanian vessels in the area was refused.Two possible scenarios:a. Illegals stowed way in bowels of ship (failed scam between captain and port authorities); orb. this was an insurance claim and the captain had orders to burn the ship

must of been frightening. 

Russian made ferry?
Titanic sequel confrim.

ITALIAN CAPTAIN REDICOLO!!!
Hey do people insist on crowning onto heavy boats along with hundreds of cars and heading out into bad seas. Stay the hell home!

And the band played on &quot;The Mamushka&quot;.

Did it turn out ok - did everyone else get off? ... blessings for the 11 families in grief
