R there real hairs of aish?

This is why she was crowned as the most beautiful woman in the world back then..devdas made her popularity big globally

I can&#39;t stop my tears
Aissoriya k joto dekhi totoi mugdho hoi ekta manush ki kore etto sundor hote pareAllah ki sundor tmr sresti 
On of the best and so beautiful actress rai 

magnifico

The main actress is so beautiful. How wonderful .
Good on her for reminding him her family have equal Rights to count she did right not to settle for his pathetic excuse

<b>If this film was a reality in someone's real life, then there would have been big real tears in the eyes. May this not happen to anyone, God! 
DIA-TUMNE HEART'S HEART WILL BE HEARD. SUNKAR DEKHNA TUMHE SIRF CHANDRAMUKHI CHANDRAMUKHI AND SIRF CHANDRAMUKHI SUNAAE DEGA.PAARO
I dnt like her acting
If aish was Paro then chandramukhi must be Madhuri let&#39;s think about bajirao

Sorry she cannot act! Gave same expressions in every movies!!

Kamon acho paaru..!
Her sound of laughing is amazing️

Iconic movie 
 wahhhh 
When I was a little kid, Aishawarya was at the prime of her career. But I disliked her. I felt that she was a substandard actress, and she only got away with it because of her beauty. And other actresses, who were less pretty, didn’t get their due even though they were better actresses. But now that Aish is past her prime and her best days are behind her, also I’ve grown up, I appreciate her a lot more. I wish she’d get more age appropriate roles like male actors her age do. She’s still gorgeous. 

WowThose expressive eyes ofParu

Why she running like that 

Plz upload this movie in telugu

Excellent Actress

Deva movie
Sanjay leela bansani is all about poetry and art. The way how sharukh kept his hands before the diya... so unnecessary and silly... but poetically conveyed that he too loved her with unreasonable madness. The way the light through the windows cast such a beautiful and colorful shadow onthe floor... and how it moved to depict that time elapsed. Aishwarya fitted into his artistic world so well.

BEAUTIFUL  BEAUTIFUL MOVIE..DEVDAS..
DEEPICKA MY FAVOURITE TOO DANCES JUST LIKE ASH..ANOTHER GREAT CLASSICAL DANCER..SHE DANCES JUST LIKE ASH
CLASSICAL BEAUTY MESMERIZING 
Most beautiful woman on the planet ASHWARYIA RaiGoddesses/Queen of Bollywood
Watching this in 2023. I always adore AishwaryaRai for perpetually being Most Successful Global Icon.

Due to his ego and wealth, Devdas's family had rejected the couple.... There was one minor thing which most of the people would have noticed  Devdas's house was looking good and happy because he gave it to us. Aur Devdas, in our house, the whole mansion is filled with happiness, and the same couple's house is always happy. I have seen what paro bhel hi dukhi ho…. That day Devdas celebrated our marriage with us and we knew that this is the beginning. And in the last scene we saw, Paro's in-laws were completely happy even though she was not happy because of Devdas. This is the thing that Devdas's mother must have realized that if Dev and Paro were together then her day would have been better in this house.
God of small things ...undisturbed (levelling ongoing)

<a href="">0:27</a> <a href="">0:57</a>

oar
oar
Ceenda

Thor ne

Gegha

Ty bekhe
Nazear

Horrendous kethn, nor should I go to Nazear
Nezar adac
Tyodthn

The serade
Like
You ayeaz
The serade
Gefengs

Vekhac

I am Austrian
That's what I read on that day.
Ty onde akneshane ha v
Serpent dog went by hoar c
H tfjins
Madhuri the best acting ️

I am Jack Sparrow , Why do you love  him , Hi beauty ...

Both are Scorpios 

Her acting perfect, her movements,  voice, eyes and face so gorgeous ever

Aishwarya Rai ️ always beuti Queen ️ she is only one telanted wold the best parfact Bollywood Queen ️ she is acting ️ she is dancing ️ she eyes ️ she is my cars ️ I love you Aish ️ I miss you Aishwarya Rai ️
There are many ways in which you can improve your self-confidence, but the most important thing is to improve your self-confidence. There are many ways in which you can improve your self-confidence There are many ways in which you can improve your self-confidence, but the most important thing is to improve your self-confidence. There are many ways in which you can improve your self-confidence I am going to the Supreme Brahman in the form of the Pure Self.I am going to the Pure Self in the form of the Supreme Brahman
You, Miss Crisan, don't give a damn who you are not the best courtesan
Beautiful 
A for authenticity

M for moments of love and life

E for elegance of various color just like rainbow

N for nature of human being in various country

I. For independence to live freely

C for celebration of various cultures

Cinema definition
<a href="">17:40</a>

Ark no 11111111chalbaz
Bady log bady bady bate
Shut down
Aishwarya Maa
Aishwaria is best QueenSalman ko chaha jb thee teen

dev is toxic

yuuiuijijijun
Madhuri best performance

Nice time nice video
Akdom bage movie

Kalaki bhi rad aajaki bhi kiyuki ye ashvarya rad
<a href="">00:01</a> itne saare darwaaze 
Cut

The shop of overacting,
Whenever, watch... New movie is coming... Incredible love story.. 
Frgrh

J

P

What a complex love story ️
Aishwarya Rai se bhi kai ladkiyan bahoot khubsurat hai is dunya me agree with me then hit like

Paro was not rich enough to go to foreign...but has a crazy ass big house which she can&#39;t cover even after running during whole movie

om peace my father
AR Gupta

Ye smj ni i itni zida door hn ya Ek ko hi khol rahi rahi rahi mein revars.
Love every bit of this movie! I can never forget it cuz I watched in the theatre in Dubai. 

Love is not the one that makes you mine...Love is the one that doesn't let you belong to anyone else...
Miss you popy ACCA popy Tumi ki parve amr moton kore Sara din rat tmk valobese jete?Parve ki nijer sob kicu chere diye tmr jonne opekkeha Korte?Parve?
২০২২
her eyes .............................................................................................

Is she real️
No

very good 

Same qst
Sanjay Leela Bhansali Open secret of Devdasi pratha and Devdas pratha!!!

Madhuri and Aishwarya should take retirement......
Iska kisi ne murder nahi karvaya .........sucess without ...struggle

dev was a toxic bf...realised it now..when I watched this movie as a kid I thought it was true love

Aishwarya Rai no words ️️️
This seems more like a Starplax drama than a film. Devdas Sanjey Lela Bansali did not stop him.
pagol chagol 
Maar Dala Aish
In real life, if Sharooks character see aiswarya rays character like this in her room, he will think “Is she mad?!!!” 

<a href="">21:35</a>

the scenes cant be complete with the ending. aish acted soo well

My best favorite movie jb jb dekhta hu tb tb ro deta hu
This movie...aish and srk&#39;s acting......their beauty and looks...ah! 

Why can anyone bear such pain?
what an excellent movie ... hats off to the entire team and specially aishwarya for her marvelous acting ....

Aishwarya did a very good job.

That&#39;s why he is called king of bollywood  SRK acting on amazing level 
The calculation of the steam is so fast that I have done the calculation please.
Amazing actress

Hii love story video

A

Sharukhans expressions are turning me on asksksksjssskksksk

How many of you know that this film was a remake of Telugu actor Anr  film devdas

Ashwaria rai most beautifull woman of the world 

Wvjvhgjducthsthbduaeynsuyfcyil liver uhi ufeyibt
Wow

todays actors can never ever compete 90s actors

Real beauty
This one turns the heads of even those who don't have a neck, it's just perfect 
A beautiful film, beautiful songs, beautiful actors who play great and wonderful Aishu
Where can I get full movie

If you ask me for someone else's love, I don't feel like thinking. This line is heart touching ️️️️.
Shahrukh khan yar nahi mein ki koi toad hai
You are great actress 

Blessings for Aishwaria Rai..epitome of beauty and grace.

Ok she’s beautiful like a goddess…but why tf did he hit her with a necklace?? ‍️

What is its name and subject?
Unbelievable moment
Link plz

, Chunni Babu, we have already lived our part of life, now we only pay attention to the heartbeats… what can we say to the people of this world, we object even to the last breath.
Such a big house
No doubt... Aishwarya is beautiful but Madhuri Dixit is amazing...

My name is also parbati and all are called me paro

<a href="">12:35</a> 30Dec 2021
Har Har Mahadev Jai Durga Kali Jai Guru Ramanand Jai Shri Krishna Jai ​​Mahakal Han Bhaiya's Sun Le Devi Bhutiya S Hua Devdas Fake Fraud Original Devdas Man Ka Koi Jai Second Devdas To Khar Kare His Story Revealed Thinking Thoughts Thinking From Andhra Soul First love should not be done to anyone, but soul will be counted with pure onion. No ordinary human being will be counted. Mahakal Jay Shiv Shakti is not everyone's fate, this is my Priya. mahakal
1 no heru India sharukh khan fan LAKE

Srk

Super hit movie

The picture of madhuri said in padmawati
God bless you bhaiya 

And never choose yourself
Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay a Bengali novelist written Devdas novel in Bengali at year of 1917.He also says that it is not a great novel in his eyes.but still in 2021 it is the best love novel for youth Indians........

omggggggggg that fire in his hand

Beautiful  she&#39;s like a painting...
Send full movie on u tube

beautiful beauty
Hum dil chuke sanamLast seen dekho
When will the full movie be available on YouTube in full HD?
SUPERB; Splendid performance by sharukh, Aish, Madhuri

Beauty queen  aishwarya Rai️️️️
<a href="">15:58</a> ️‍️‍️‍
Them!

Devdas full muvie dekte chay plese plese plese
world best actor Shahrukh Khan

<a href="">3:20</a> I love this scene so much...

Mention not ,
Ki. Sukeen. Nhi. Hey. Aap. Kio.
Best love movie yr
Khabi who has not even been to London is calling London London and whoever has read London is calling London London 
Ek ye movie thi or ek iska sasta version banane ki koshish mein serial barrister babu 

I want the hair like aishwarya in this movie but it doesn&#39;t happen my hair always the same no development

Awesome nd heartoching movie&#39;s 
What you have found and what you have lost, today the moon shines on you, I wish you had found society, to share this day of darkness, the turn of this day of darkness has come, at the same time, we tell you what you have achieved, your heart can love you forever. I have taken your pride and can feed you the food of your beloved, the crows will steal or the pride of happiness, you too have too much happiness and are buried in the company of a poor friend.
Manlow understanding about Aishwarya Rai makes her heart feel pain even after every meeting, her mother heard her friend banker USSAY happy days are there, you are the storyteller, you may
This is just not s movie,  this is ans art️

Why did Bachchan ji sit in the temple? There is no need to play the role.
Where did you bring Miss World to?
What are you talking about sister?
Please please please uploaded full movie..

When the night would have eaten, the feet would have come together.
How to see this movies guys

Bengali traditional novel
only if there was a little resemblance in this movie with the actual novel.why bollywood ruin everything!!?

Sir, I am very proud of your acting.
Good acting

Elegant Costumes designer Jewelry Designer Hairstylelish Make-up Artist given them to Credits

Wow just wonderful

Bengali culture uff️️️
The yielding waitress jelly pine because november mostly balance apropos a hesitant mass. nebulous, tasteless laundry

No

Indiya destroy drugs rai
Drugs ray

Please give me full devdas move link

Aishwarya and Madhubala... Eternal beauty

Kaki maa over acting
Who is watching in 2021 august

Tamboora music when srk compared ash with moon is amazing

dewdash
I love  srk
Only srk is my life

This masterpiece of SLB is like old wine. It gets better with age

Aishwarya&#39;s voice 
How many lenses has she changed.The beauty credit goes to the makeup artist.Very hard work.



Like a who still watch this historical created movie.

Un laakhow shahddow ke yaad karra To myree aankhow say ishaq aasu Neekal gaya Ham Hindustanee jaaneesaar hottay mout ku gallay laggaa saktay munaafiq ku makkar ku bharwo ku Dallal ku Dhokkay baaz ku Etc
Apnay Desh ke baat international England yoha koun say bhi English may nai aasaktee apna Desh international say laak gunaa baittar hai Hindustanee hai hamdard saamajdaar WAAFAADAAR Ham khayaal hottay  hai 
Sublow has spoken about Aishwarya Rai with 100% true character and I understand how she looks.
She is overacting actress I have seen no grace at all.

i it dis is movi
Whenever I see my body is getting hot ️️️
Fav️️
I have a direct complaint against Aishwarya Rai. Ask Aishwarya Rai every day.
Devdas: You are so silly.Paro: Mention not.

This movie is my favorite

Broken    Best crying sin 
Aishwarya is the most beautiful &#39;human&#39; now but before surgery in this movie she was not a human but a &#39;goddess&#39;........Aishwarya now have the elegance in her but at that time she had innocence......no other actress in Bollywood could reach the innocence level of earlier Aishwarya and the elegance level of present Aishwarya.........her name totally suits her I don&#39;t know if the name Aishwarya was beautiful because of the alphabets in it or because of the person who have got this name........she is .......the more I write the more I feel that I&#39;m not able to tell what she is.........

I m not Aishwarya

In Latin Spanish please someone
Aishwarya is my best from uae

Aishwarya is my best from uae

This movie is such a masterpiece

SRK nailed it

Ghar v h ya sir wajaje hi h yaar
Kamon acho paru..
Full movie kha milegi
Old is full of natural acting and new is full of acting. My opinion.

Voice given by shreya ghosal for aishwariya

Apnku chadijibaku eccha heuni ️
 .2021. Who am I looking at?
Abg aku lagi noton film mu

My favourite movie...not control tears

Salman ke shat dokha
I love this movie and that girl was very beautiful

Aishwary rai always beautiful &amp; her acting like more beautiful .always my favorite

Why are you uploading full movie?
I don't know how many times I have spoken, I don't even talk about it… the same words come… in my eyes there comes the memory of the person who always gave me the line…
I miss my love Komal Reena

 Not everyone gets love here, lucky are those who got a spring in life.
Initially bhansali wants to make Bajirao mastani with Salman n aish..but dono k breakup k baad nhi hopaya

I watched it 72 times every dialogue every scene I remember yet I get mesmerized with the detailing shots background music, Aishwarya SRK looks &amp; being bengali  ....it  somehow pierced through my heart 

Phir sacchimain aachivideohailllll
Sorotchondra Chottopadhay was a great writer on bengal....

Hum dil de chuke sanam 1999 movie Upload kijiye please

Ll oo,,

One of the best movie

I know this is not real. However it still pisses me off whenever I&#39;ve seen her in cliche plot

Madhuri

Best movie hai
The best film &quot;DEVDAS &quot;

Full movie

Just wow

One of my favorite movie.... 

Deserve 5b views

Super boy ️️️️️
That line :- khaki but paro hai ️
This is my favourite movie and I really appreciate by this director

By the way ,saal me mousam 6 hote hai , english me 4

Those who comment, see where SRK is, where everyone's acting has become dull.
Where has that love gone?
Aish and maduri rock the movie i wanna see agn of this two actress agn

Load the full movie plz yaar
Good morning my love for her and her family in prayer for her

Good how good is my CV attached to

Paro be like 19th century flirt

The truth is that I have never seen a movie like Devdas till today.
7

Respect for you to come

Love in all

Bolly wood top

Alshwarya is Best actoress in the war

Dev das
Scene

Nice

Oh my god this is osm too good 
<a href="">9:49</a> it’s Bangla language isn’t it?

Good

Beautiful Rai

phenomenal, wonderful , fabulous movie Paro and Devdas 
One of the finest actress ️

How much is the movie?
Global Goddess with most beautiful hair ever. Perfect beauty and heavenly aura she got makes me feel wow

If we r to present our art and culture it&#39;s just simple s this movie.

If perfection has name it would be ash her looks voice eyes acting everything is just so complete ️ Actual beauty queen

Best film 
There may be a lot of story but Pakistanis did not get much, this is the best.
Deepika cant act like Aishwarya
Shah Rukh Khan, thank you for existing and for being part of my life!!!I love you so much!!!
Uff...paro ki khoobsoorat baate , soft MN aur Chand sa chehra

Devdas &amp; Bajirao Mastani 
Duplicate of suchitra sen&#39; devdas movie.

op in the chat

Aishwarya is a fairy
kitna joot 10yrs c diya jl rha h
ek baat aajtk smjhe nhi aae jb dono m itni pyr ho to log ek hone q nhi dyty phr chahe ek ko barbaad hojae vo manjoor hhaeere log

Madhuri and Aishwarya Rai are very beautiful actress in bollywood

Hats off to Saratchandra Chottopadday for his this legendary creation. We all Bengalis are proud of you. Really he is one of the best literary person

Sex girls

One of my favorite movie
Sensational

Srk🇧🇩🇧🇩Isssssshhhhhhh
I think,This is the only movie which is better than the real novel... I can&#39;t describe the beauty of this outstanding movie and aishariya

Only for Aishwarya Rai

Keya haveli hain yaar 
G.O.A.T Aish
Why SRK and Madhuri are stealing my heart?

Shahrukh is anklet thief, he kept Zara&#39;s in Veer Zara too 

Couple ️
Aishwarya Rai ️
Best acting

AND STUPIDS SAY BOLLYWOOD HAS GIVEN US NOTHING. PROUD TO HAVE SUCH TALENTED INDIANS.
<a href="">17:01</a> this sociopath

Dev:you are so silly Paro :menTion not Me:

This is the level of shahrukh acting ️

Full movie oplod kro
Made me cry
Aishwarya eyes ssooooo
Film was super but didn&#39;t get success when it was released

Whole makeup of Ash portrait Bengali culture

Can anyone give me the link of Devdas movie

<a href="">8:13</a> so funny dialogs soot  samed ,  hisab k bare pake had he tharki

Cigar / game
Both character r stupid n phyco

Even if you are unmarried, the difference of the vermilion remains as the married couple have prepared.
Aish and SRK acting awsome....  Aishwarya one of  the most beautiful actress ever..like madhubala, juhi chawla, Deepika, diya mirza... Aishwarya&#39;s grace is above everyone...

What a psycho lover  who hurts his own love like this ?? 

Who is watching this movie in 2021? Like it.
Thik h

Beautiful Aishwarya rai Till now I didn’t see that charm in any heroines in Bollywood .No one can beat Aishwarya. 

Aishwarya rai undoubtedly stands out from the rest of Bollywood actresses even till date. Glad she always has been the favourite and first choice actress of best of the directors like Maniratnam and Sanjay Leela Bhansali.  And Devdas always be iconic in her career

how beautiful

Brother, why did you upload this movie as full movie today??
<a href="">0:44</a> iam in love with these.....️️

The hairs is fake but still beautiful.....️

In the last scene, Madhuri won over Aishwarya in terms acting and dialogue delivery . Both are beautiful though 

Radhe Amar mis you too too too too much

Doll ️
No actress can match her beauty and elegance

} 0}}

Devdas have been created for Aishwarya.
Aishwarya Rai is just fab and very gorgeous and srk actting ️️️️love this movie ️
Bhansali ️️️most greatest director
Not just Bhansali directors like Mani Ratnam, Shankar, Ashutosh Guwarekar, Late Rituparno Gosh and even Karan Johar...They all have bought the actress in her multiple times

Aishwarya mam is love ️
I hope Shahrukh can deliver such movies/performances in coming future. It’s been a long time since quality content from the King.

I like u dish is a film.. I fabaret filim

The set, the cast, styling is astounding ..SLB knows grandeur, opulence...

Only SLB knows how to bring out the best from within Aish. An absolute beauty.

Dev ka math kitna kmjor tha yrr

Dev - you are so sillyParo - mention not

Her beauty is otherworldly

I just dont have any words to express the beauty that she has️️️️

Hatts of mr. Sanjay lila bhansali sir .  Such a master piece

Why dislikes ??! But none wrote a single word against the entire video.

Desulfovibrio reductase enzyme activity
We can&#39;t imagine Devadas without Aishwarya rai n srh

Aishwarya Ray&#39;s so beautiful, full of charm...the acting&#39;s perfect

Bkwaas acting
Devdas was toxic af

This house or palace belongs to a child....how beautiful it is
I can&#39;t control my tears.... I watch this vdo for many times.... But i want to watch this again again and again

Ohh my God...look at the grace ,, beauty ,ease ,classs.. Aishwarya Rai...so so so beautiful

Un palon me bitata to me hi tha....diya tumne jalaya par jalta to me hi tha ....wowwww this lines

Really a barbie doll.same

Dev is the most gutless character I have ever seen...

Her eyes so beautiful

God's love fell and he became gods miss world became child ️I became very proud that's why I ran away from marriage️
I think sunel setty is perfect

Aishwarya is love 
42-43.sec.   Ufff.  Aish eyes.    Like princess

No one match her beauty

Wat a movie my favourite
Brother put puri movie
Acting of SRK just mind blowing

Does anyone know what soundtrack is played at <a href="">9:20</a>

<a href="">0:45</a> omg those eyes, I&#39;m stunned, wish we could see more movies like this with aish

dev was a psycho

Over acting

Agr itna hi maa bap ka gurur tha to phr mun pher kr peeche na dekhti. Jb pyar ka sochna chahye tha tb jhuti izzat ko choose krlya. Or bad me ye b brdadht na hua k dev kisi kothey pr b jaye. Most idiotic couple. Prem Tapasya had similar storyline but at least the reasons for separation was better not to mention the character of hero and heroine were much better. Here both Paro and Dev were selfish jerks who never considered long-term effects of their decisions hurting those who loved them. Only Chandramukhi actually had a good character

bruhhhhhhhh I wish I was that elegant looking while buzzing off mosquitoes...

Plz upload full movie ....devdash
Superr movie last scene crying.
please uploade this movie 

Literary tears in my eyes this film is soo heart touching ️️

When Aish and madhuri in one screen what a moment

Ok I know deepika did amazing on bajirao mastani but imagine ash as mastani

Full move bajo
Ye movie &quot;Davdas&quot; youtube par full q nai ati plzzz mujhay koi bata do mai nay dkhny hai ye movie kaisay dkho plzzz tell me

India&#39;s first mega budget film it was

I can&#39;t take my eyes off of SRK

Salam Namaste , It&#39;s very1001* thanks to Mr Sharuhk Khan ... why?.You made happies to Beauty womens . Because Husband of First Beauty girl killed by First Handsomeman in Earth . Maybe , she is .... My batte...will be end.She was Mother of All Beauty Womens in Earth . She was clever to secret her identities ...but Oldest Giant leg in Up of Srilanca Mount ...Who did Someone have &quot;it&quot;?. I just knew a,s.Adam was Giant Man if we make compatate with Peoples in cemturies now . Execuse me , i cannot use English perfectly . Shukriyya .

Machar k moment of romance 
No Indian actress can match her charm beauty look at her man Masha’Allah 
why do non of these have subtitles

I have to say, she has Thee Perfect V-Line

Koi kese itna Pagal ho sakta he ek arrogant insan ke liye

She ran slamming through all those doors just to fight with a mosquito or fly or a bee

Beauty queen 
Did Devdas  really love Chandramukhi???

Best... 
Beautiful 
This type of film only suits with her only no one can replace her place Aish 

No one knows how to film her the way Bansali does....par excellence

Good

Madhuri 
Aaj b 2021 Mai B Hum Dewany Han Dev Paro Or Chandmuki k️️🇵🇰
Such charm elegance expressions innocence in eyes ... 100&#39;s of Deepikas n 1000&#39;s of alia&#39;s cantt match her... What a grace ️ also dressing wow 

.

No one can act like them .... this devdas is best..everyone acted awsome

Is she an angel and a goddess?
Next to sridevi,aish is the only one who kills us with her deep Expressions, this is what called acting!! She was miss world &amp; had been like Western actress but still she look perfect in sarees wowww!!! Any kind of role or kind of outfit suits her!!! If foreigners see this they get doubt that whether it is Aishwarya or not, really she&#39;s importing huge efforts for each role unlike the other lazy actresses of Bollywood.....

Dev was a ch**tiya 

Wanna see Aishwarya , Deepika , Priyanka and alia in one movie of Sanjay Leela Bhansali film . It is bound to be epic

I could easily see Kareena pulling this role off even better 

Oh how so beautiful Aishwarya. Even with no make up she would look so damn gorgeous. I can watch this movie even everyday. So so beautiful plzz dont remake this movie. No one can do justice to their roles like Srk Aish or Madhuri️

Love ️ is life
Instead of this, they could have prioritised Rani Padmavati tale, Ash was the only deserving one

Too beautiful, I love this singer
9unmlpójjñmmnnmmmkjjjbnhjjĺ9⁰⁰t2½ hb   Nnjtthnnn hhh
The way he turns her face️️
One of her best films! She looked like an absolute goddess in Devdas!

She is soooo beautiful ️️
Ooooo bhai saaab
Supar

You know  whenever there is a name called Aishwarya Rai there is talk about &quot;Dignity&quot; and &quot;Grace&quot;

Aishwariya rai big fans.
My Favorite Actress Aishwariya Rai........

Oh my God! Bangle language. So sweet
Sanjay leela bhansali sir jis dignity key saath ek actress Ki Beauty ko camera per show krtey hai i think no one Director don&#39;t do that

No one shoos out the fly in such a beautiful way<a href="">3:38</a> THE ETERNAL BEAUTY.

devdas best supar move️️️️️️️️️
The poor lady came from London just to see him and what she was doing was killing flies.
Imagine ash as mastani 
one question to everbody whos eyeliner do u like the most ?paroo or chandarmukhi?

luv this movie
Nice ️
Full movie please devdas

Plz full movie dalo
Aishwarya&#39;s voice
Aish is breathtakingly beautiful

Aishwarya.....Issh️
She really is very beautiful

Good luck dave

So nice
Very very good video

Both were late when they understood their love...... And the witty comments by Madhuri makes Paro feel guilty.....

ɪꜱ ᴍᴇ ᴩᴀʀɪꜱʜᴀɴɪ ʜᴏᴛɪ ʜᴀɪ ᴅᴇᴋʜɴᴇ ᴍᴇ
ᴊᴀʙ ᴩᴏᴏᴛɪ ᴍᴏᴠɪᴇ 1 ᴩᴀʀᴛ ᴍᴇ ɴᴀʜɪ ᴅᴇ ꜱᴀᴋᴛᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴍᴀᴛ ᴅɪyᴀ ᴋ ᴀʀᴏ
Fate is apart. Unrecognised. ‍️ cheats uh?
Dev: you&#39;re so silly Paro: mention not 
At <a href="">3:10</a> just notice aishwarya rai&#39;s lips

What a beautiful lady she is wooow

️️ Separated
Nice video ️️️
They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder.  It&#39;s probably true.... In my opinion if God&#39;s beauty can be seen in woman (i.e shadows of God on earth can also take other forms such as a beautiful landscape, a beautiful flower a rose et) Then Aishwarya has always been the most perfect form since I laid eyes on her sometime way back in 1999.

By using

I bet 92 % PPL cried  here

Ofcourse ...u are soo silly Paro - mention not This is still my fav . Movie Devdas I tried twice watching this

Compare acting with Ananya Pandey not only wid a.p but today&#39;s nopotic products like Varun Dhawan nd many more

glory to the old actresses narjis madhubala meena kumari and vyjayantimala

Satik

I am biggest fan of SRK 
Love you devdas and paro srk is the best
REALLY ...we can&#39;t praise one .... two legends are TOGETHER ....to act like devdas ... sharukh killed it and Aishwarya killed it by her beauty ....!!!!️️️️️..  THEY BOTH are TRUELY INDIAN legends ..and best actors ....I Just came after watching Bajirao Mastani and I think we don&#39;t need to boycott bollywood ......it&#39;s best ....they also gave us best movies ....We should watch movies like this ....than bollywood will make movies like this .....And if we watch nude films than bollywood will make them ..if we want best movies don&#39;t give views on bad and nude movies of bollywood ...but not all !!!!️️️️🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳

I am obsessed with the make up , especially the eyes of the women ..Indian  makeup is amazing...And the costumes colors too so beautiful 

Need a couple 
My name us paro

She is unique

Wtf ! where&#39;s  the iconic last scene of Paro running away all over the Palace with her long train of saree&#39;s &quot;pallu&quot; from her shoulder dragging on the floor and staircases  crying hysterically just to see last glance of  Devdas  ? WHERE ? 

The couple took the right decision, today the time to take maximum responsibility of the boy is becoming urgent.
outstanding performance
Get lost
Actress like alia bhatt can never take the place and vibe of these 2 actresses

She was just beautiful in that movie

..n km

Srk super actor
Hats off to both of their acting 
Bhansali heroine ko jish tarah run karte dikhte hai no one can doEg. Aishwarya Rai in Devdas and hum Dil de chuke sanam, Sonam Kapoor in savariya, deepika padukone , richa Chadda and barkha in ramleela ️️️

Her beauty is incredible ️
Last Mai Madhuri ne jaadu kar diya sach mai she proves that she is Madhuri Dixit naam hi kaafi hai

The numbers of doors AR opened in her house, I would have never imagined that she is the ‘poor’ person in the relation.

My favourite movie ️️️
Dev is a bitch

KOI ISKO MOSPEL  DO YAR OR TRY AL OUT  MACHER AP SE DOR REHNE PAR MAJBOR

Madhur is acting queen . Though she may not be as pretty as her.

Only Bhansali brings out the actor in Ash. Else she is wasted by others.

In this movie madhuri is more beauty, charming and mind-blowing dancer

Sanjay Leela never understands himself how his support always outdoes his leads... Madhuri in devdas and Priyanka in bajirao

Devdas ka legendary sub fabulous

Who came here to get into bed?
Her eyes ️
In this movie paro suffered.she led her life with an old man,was in a loveless marriage,a marriage which was forced on her.devdas found Chandramukhi,loved her and if he had given up drinking,he would have been happy with her.but paro suffered.

Wasn't there a single Bengali in this movie who could correct their accents. Even if you say it all in Hindi, it sounds better than saying wrong Bengali.
Mujhe aaj lagta. Hai ye moves bade screen PR dekhni chahiye thi

speechless every time i see any scene from devdas

Oh my god! Just look at her beauty!



Iconic movie 
She is the next P.T.Usha

How can a person be so..... beautiful...

Dev is such a jerk!!!

Ashwariya is b3st she&#39;s a barbie doll

Aishwarya is sooooo beautiful ....but in olden times people were so dramatic 
Beautiful girl very nice aishwariya roi

Sooo dramatic  but legendary...

Valo kore
Devdass moovi upload karo
And the best scene is when Chandramukhi and Paro comes together on screen. Amazing.

I got scared that why she is running like this

Kon-mein
No one is talking about great novelist sarat Chandra chattayopadhaya

19s ki all hits shahrukh ki hi hain

Aishwarya Rai is soooooo beautiful

what about Madhuri best scenes?

Mri choti sister bilkul ashwariya ki beti ki trha h same as it is same

I did not find the Devdas movie by searching YouTube, please upload the Devdas movie
Who is see 2021 movie sence

Lindooo Film could have subtitles in Portuguese
real acting

Just overacting

Ishq

Actually no body  believes in such emotions today, everyone is becoming selfish, rude and rough touch. Therefore directors are not making such good emotional movies only intellectual person can understand. Hamza khan.PH: 7607279149. If any body like my comment please contact

Aishwarya daughter (aaradhya) will be jealous with her mother&#39;s beauty when she will be teen

Devdas movie is milestone in Indian film industry....

Srk acting is super...

Srk simply best

Madhuri awesome ️️
Epic movie ️️
Homegirl...... it’s just a fly...... Let it go

 ash 
Nothing can be more beautiful than Aish
Dev is a Narcissist and Paro is a young, naive and gullible girl who placed him on a pedestal. This is a toxic relationship and obsession, not love.

Aishwarya so preeety
Yarrrrr i can&#39;t how someone can be that much beautiful.. Ashwariyaaaa ko Allah my fursat mn banayea hai.. Ahhh 

I like this movie so much

Watch the first seen 1.25x

She is real apsara 
I just wonder how one can  be so complete who possess every quality  ,Aishwarya is a blessing to the  world.

Who else thought Amitabh was SRK father

This is a Toxic relationship 

LOVE U BOTH

Shahrukh Khan, I don't believe in this marriage, Aishwarya Rai, what difference does it make, when I believe, they said amazing dialogues, these two are a very romantic couple, this is my favorite film.
Plz full movie upload krdi jie
Very sad and interesting sharukh

Hatss off to makup artist hairstyler nd coustume designer...... I really really like it...... And Aish acting is just wowww...... Unforgettable...... 

Paro
Can&#39;t choose between madhuri and aish both are popular,talented,beautiful..️️️

Hats off to the makeup artist and hairstylist and costume designerWhere no one talks about these people who really work hard coz as a makeup artist I know how much we work hard

This one toxic bf you know.

Great actors....️
when will part 2 come
i want to see second Aishwarya !! till date i haven&#39;t found any one after this Aishwarya RB .... sorry it is not for comparison.

Plzz Give  me the  muvi link

She was eclipsed by the Quenn Madhuri dixit Ji

Tumse jyada khub surat aur koi nhi bollywood me..you are the prettiest and most talented actress

Best

Hii

Wtf she lives in such a big house yet Dev’s mother consider them poor Edit: Thanks for so many likes ️

My all time favourite movie and fabulous Aishwarya rai 

Plz upload full movie

Buy Pure Sarees

<a href="">9:25</a>

Devdas written by Sharot Chandra Chatropoddhai. He is a famous bangali writer, poet &amp; novelist. I feel proud beacuse of Bangali 🇧🇩

Bade bade pure pautiyan.
<a href="">21:24</a>

Aishwarya is really gorgeous queen she no1 before no1 now no1 future noo one can take her place 
Want to see the full story
The legendary Author saratchandra chattopadya for creating this character devdas..

Epitome of human self!

my bday was on 1st of nov too..but yah happy belated bday aishuu di

aishwarya  omg . beauty queen forever
Itna guroor toh chaand ko bhi nhi h... Kaise krta woh us chand pr daag jo h...

Her best film till date.. She is only known for her role as paro

I would like to know what the name of the movie is please
Amit ki manta nahin
When I show more love than HD, I can never find my heart.
I love u srk sir
What will be my wait

Aishwarya is heart of Bollywood film..none can beat with her beauty....miss you aishwarya..you are my favourite forever.. None can take this place. ️️

Gem of Bollywood...None like Aishwarya 

Aishwarya is best
Pyar Mein Kyon Aisa Dhoka hota hai mujhe nahin pata hai

Exotic Beauty 
Love ly Videos

No bote are best 
What a bakwas acting in the start

<a href="">9:07</a>  
One of the best story

Aishwarya is the best

DEVDAS ........evergreen hit
wow, SRK&#39;s birthday is Nov 2 and Aishwarya&#39;s birthday is Nov 1. Amitabh&#39;s birthday is Oct 11 and Rekha&#39;s birthday is Oct 10. Amazing!

P6wa. Mm

P6wa. Mm77

Lovely Madhuri ️️️️️
Slb is master in adding glamor into the  classics and ruining it completely just for visual appeal.

An Unforgettable character: PARO. She just rocked in DEVDAS with her extraordinary expression and performance than any other films till date.....️️️Also her acting during her wedding is just Wow. The title of this scene should be&quot; Paro has self respect&quot;...️️️

I would like it to have tradition in Spanish, it's beautiful
Happy birthday  to  Uu. . AisH

superb aishwarya always best
I love her very much 
Brother, how are you?
Brother, how are you?
Brother, how are you?
Brother, how are you?
Even today I am sad that his talent was not used properly by Bollywood people. His biggest reason is his difference with SRK.
jast best heroin in bollywood

I came here to watch Aish. Who else came here to watch her

Best movie

BEAUTY QUEEN

AISH AND SRK FAVORITE

happy birthday bollywood queen 
Happy birthday to you   
Happy Birthday to both sylb. May God bless you
Happy Birthday queen of miss world 1997.

Happy birthday beauty queen from Indonesian

Her Charm,beauty,Eyes,Grace,persona...everything about her is out of this worldGod bless the Queen of Bollywood..Tajmahal of indian cinema

Love you SRK️
Plzzz yeh movie daalo
One of the best actress ever.

Happy birthday Queen ️
Many many happy returns of the day aishwarya your so beautiful and beautiful actress you are a star and a very sweet princess like a real queen may best wishes for your birthday.. I love you so much your my fevrete ️

Happy birthday Aishwarya mam..... God bless you ......
No deepika could ever beat aishwarya&#39;s beauty and grace she is the best

She is the most beautiful women I have ever seen Happy Birthday Queen

Happy birthday aishwarya mam love u god bless u

Debadas full movi. They walk
happy birthday, it&#39;s the best! 

One of the best movie... of Aish &amp; SRK.. 𝐇𝐚𝐩𝐩𝐲 𝐛𝐢𝐫𝐭𝐡𝐝𝐚𝐲𝐀𝐢𝐬𝐡𝐰𝐚𝐫𝐲𝐚 𝐫𝐚𝐢
What a movie, spectacular 

Happy Birthday my favorite queen.. You looked beautiful ass even today
Happy birthday to you Aishwarya rai live long

Happy birthday

Aishwarya and deepika are my favorites 

Mam is bast

My all time feveret movieLove you srk sir

Aishwarya rai is most beautiful woman in the world Happy birthday 
most beautiful woman in the world

Happy Birthday miss world1994

VERY VERY VERY VERY happy Birthday to beauty queen Aishwarya Rai.....
Yes she’s best ️
How easily I counted that you remembered me every day... but did not think that in my childhood I was there...
Even the moon doesn't have that much pride
The heart's heart doesn't care if someone writes a poem... it hurts whenever someone writes a wah wah wah.
Chunni Babu, we have already lived our part of life, now we only pay attention to the heartbeats… What can we say to the people of this world, we object even to the last breath.
Who asks to tolerate Kambak... We ask only to sit here, to see you, to tolerate you.
Wish u very Happy birthday most beautiful lady ,beauty with brain

Nice nice nice 
Happy Birthday Lady love ️
Happy Birthday   
Today is ash b&#39;day &amp; tomorrow is SRK b&#39;day.Wow

Wishing you happy birthday 
the diva, legend and the most beautiful woman in the world
Lol

Happy birthday Aishwarya ji 
Love you aish happy birthday
Happy birthday to Aishwarya Rai Bachchan
Happy Birthday Aishwarya ji ️ God bless you
Excellent music thank you 
I love Aishwarya rai so beautiful with SRK i love them together ️️️️️️️️️️️ happy birthday
Happy Birthday BEAUTIFUL ACTRESS Aishwarya Rai Bhachchan.. STUNNING.
Happy birthday aishwarya

Happy Birthday Aishwarya ji..Love u a lot Mam️️
Happy birthday Aishwarya rai
Stay happy and blessed everyoneHave a beautiful weekendSending lots of love from Life style

Happy Birthday <b>Beauty Queen</b> ️
Happy birthdaymost beautiful woman in the world
Happy birthday Aishwary mam

 THE BEAUTY QUEEN ......Check my music channel &amp; support
Scorpio queen 
Hey bday is mine too
I had Seen MoVieeKinggKhann
Happy birthday Aishwarya mam
