Saif ali khan lied. He left amrita for kareena.

Shame on all the Bollywood Stars for cheating on their husbands and wives

Pc and Nick .... Match for eachother 

Y do u put priyanka in your thumb&#39;n. Y do you say secret divorce we know about all other actor&#39;s divorce there&#39;s nothing secret. Stop fooling ppl

Third class video

You are making jokes by unsubbing people.
Oh  my god But, I expert this 
This Youtuber just want to famous by misused others relationship,,,you idiot nickyanka never got divorce, 

Hrithik and sussanne got married again

Cheater

You rubbish why you want spoil the reputation of lovely couples Priyanka and Nick. You hell remove the timeline pic

Why the f you put the pic of priyanka and nick on thumbnail please don&#39;t do this, it will create more hate in order to get attention.

Don’t give us wrong news just to  view YouTube

Lots of them are jokers!

Why the hell u all put picture of Priyanka and Nick .....u all should wish them all the best in their married life not the other way round.I not mentioning only for Priyanka but to whoever it is.Please be humble and courteous to everyone and reject all negative thoughts.

Hopeless presentation coverage. Have some sense.

Sexually used

You are a terrible person. Do not put mislead people. By the way you sound horrible.

I Divorced twice its a tranquility time after 2 of them no more pains

Legal action may come against this channel.. before too late use appropriate thumbnail ..

Dont give wrong information or your channel will b reported. ...showing domthing different in thumbnail.n vedio is different

Shame on u

This is an example of stupid youtubers with stupid thumbnails

The funny part is this channels has actually put a legal disclaimer about copyright after putting a misleading thumbnail  ...like seriously 

This f..ing ridiculous to use  such misleading thumbnail to get views and comments ??? Do you guys hv no shame left ....it&#39;s shows how desperate u guys can be ...I am not  sure if YouTube has policy for these cheapskates but IT SHOULD ..

Yes... but why put Priyanka and husband ....pic

The thumbnail picture and the story is irrelevant and this is a very cheap gimmick...such a ass!!

Time will tell! If not divorce what the greater hell is in store for those miss world turns to nasty porn star!

Truely cheap !!!

Nickyanka never divorce. They are the perfect couple

All look for fame &amp; money  useless druggies
I hope somebody sue you for that thumbnail 

Besides that very wrong and misleading thumbnail.... and then that boring, toneless voice...What a shameful thing to do... Liars....Get a life.

Stop lies lies just to make.a buck  take this info  of lies down

Stop this nonsense, take tbis post down!

Old story.

I&#39;m happy for u love

Everything about this video  is the biggest joke!!!!

This a good one,,, stopped

You are so much of unsatisfied person... Priyanka is happy in her life panhauti mat lagaa..This money making style of your will not give you happiness..So wrong

Priyanka should sue!  This is defamation of character and misuse of a brand name to get views not to mention unauthorized!

One armour mouths gone to one ear. Stupid people spread out of the world. Don&#39;t believe all this.

Why do you people give such misleading thumbnails. It somehow isn&#39;t proper. Viewers feel cheated 

All are rascals.... After SSR murder ...I don&#39;t hav interest in these celebs

Why do you show Priyanka

This is all bullshit.... Using Priyanka and Nick....

Thumbnail ke wajasse pehle hi cheap proved ho gaye
I don’t get why in hell u put Priyanka and Nick on the thumbnail

Sick people why not talking n making vedio about your self.

Shame on you for giving birth to the rest, you ignore the actions of children, you are cruel, this sub log
Is it true jonas and priyanka already divorced?

False video..cheap

I regret click this....

Why do you wanna jinx priyanka ‍️
So cheap.
Have you posted Priyanka's pic????
why do u people use wrong thumbnail to get views!!!

I know they lies in the heading so that their videos can get most views

Bakwas karte sharam nahi aati bevkuffffff
My video looks like Priyanka or Nick's face.
So cheap for using priyanka n nicks pictures here...change ur cheap mindset

fir pc or nj kyun tha....ye saare media wale mil k chu**a bnate hain..bkl

Do not make falls heading for the money ...such as Priyanka n Nick Jones diverse...use less reporter.....

Kamal Hasan married first with vani ganapati and sarika. Both were got divorce

Btamiz log mene to ye video nick or Priyanka ki waja SE dekhi

Lame excuse for their divorce horrible

Yarr, arjun kapoor is not marrage breaker  of malika Arora and arbazz

First comment
