Goodmangoodgirl

Good

Now her second child name will be AURANGZEB if boy or if girl then SHURPNKA.

Boy h ya girl
We don&#39;t like her she has a big mouth so it doesn&#39;t matter to us

its boy again

Nice

Kreena got pregnant 2 years ago Baby, no news has been given yet, pay attention to the date's
Girl

Ak saal pahle 2 baby ta to ab tk q ne aaya jute

Childs God gift,

Allah Saif kreena ki her musibat afat sey bachay or omedey puri keray

I curse Kareena Kapoor Khan that her son and husband get killed similarly under mysterious circumstances, then she will know how it feels..I wish she delivers a dead baby or her baby somehow dies!!

This bitch has become a mother again, this is the one who has told the public who calls to watch the movie, who has confirmed, this bitch has also made the public popular, so that she can be reminded of her dancing skills.
Ab Ye news Sach ho gaya

We are not interested of kareena life she is pregnant or not

Ofc <a href="">#Takht</a> is gona b flop, <a href="">#LaalSinghChaddha</a> gona b flop, no work til 2022, so Y not pass time by thn? Anyway there wsnt any future aftr <a href="">#Taimur</a>. <a href="">#Veere</a> flopped, <a href="">#GoodNewz</a> hit bcz of @akshaykumar. All Plannd aftr <a href="">#SushantSinghRajputDeathCase</a> Nt bad calcultn

who cares

Hope it’s a baby girl as cute as taimur
Improve your nape further.Namaz should be done from the teek.Khilzee name should be kept.Keep it kareena,twin children should be born,take advice from Farah Khan.Fayade me <a href="">regi.bar</a> ke hanjhat Will not remain, your age is also increasing, what has to be done quickly, India's population will increase,
i hate nepotism people
Dislike kro unke bacho se kya lena sushant sir Ko in logo Ne maar diya Kareena useless aurat Ne sushant sir ke bare me glt bola tha.

Girl

You’re just liying

Behnchhod is baar aurangzeb paida karegi

It will be girl‍️
she is pregnant

Hahaha ! Kareena planning second baby because Shahid has had second baby ???  Where do you get such Ideas

Trans

Very fake news

Abhi th shyd saal hogya but nahi hua
ASTROLOGY

<a href="">

It will be girl

E hote kismat wale bachche her taraf sukh

Cograt Karen
Fake news

Fake news

fake new dont have anything new so you B.S us as usual

Fake fake fake bilkul bakvas

The child is born only for the innocent, the rest is handled by another woman.
Endado
What rubbish !! Why are the media comparing kareena and Shahid all the time? Ok they had a past but move on now.

Kkk you are the best/caring mum any child would be happy to call mummy....

Kareena kitnii cute thi Shahid Kapoor k sTh Khan family m akr mu kitna bada hogya ur lamba bhi،

It’s all competition. Why r they producing like rat one after another leave a gap of 5 yrs at least. I’m British born n I’m preg with my first. Gna leave 5/6 gap.

Girl

what????

Congratulation
Who is this

Wa saif ali asks his son why he wakes up as if he is his mother
Girl

fake news

Tamiur is so so cute

boy

Girl

fake

is this fake news

Fake new just sat up

Fake

what! fake

Fake news

Girl

Buddha Saif Buddha Kareena
Boy

Karishma did not look happy. Today Prithviraj Kapoor is alive...Karina is getting beaten to death. Whore sister.
You can’t compare Kareena and Mira. Kareena is fake and drunkard woman.

Abe ball fake news kiu dita hai

They do not want to interfere in the lives of our friends, poor celebrities, their lives do not have any freedom because they go to hell with the media, even they get heartbroken by the media.
Madarchod 2je butcher pata hai sale 2 doctor's hai ???? There is no peace…
Kareena did marrige with Saif Ali Khan for her satisfaction of basic human need that&#39;s results she is now second time pregnant women. O. K Don&#39;t bother in this case.

All this is nonsense, of no use to people.
Kareena is very fucked
why kareena never hold her son with love and affection always saif ali khan is carry his son he is an excellent father who cares for all his children

Ya hoot hai kareena ka doosra bacha hai
Acha laga hoga saifka
Boy.. Kareena kapoor

waaaw I lake

fake new

Baby Girl

So stupid. Get over it. Why does Kareena have to have a baby because Shahid’s wife did. Even if she is having a baby it is because she wants to. Could only be a boy or girl. Won’t make a difference to Kareena and Saif. They will be happy.

I think is girl

It will be a boy 

Taimur itna cute he to next baby taimur jaisa hi hoga

Ye unki life ha gaya hai हम होती है बोल्नी वाली जो JB mrij baby le
Very bad media

Karishma's daughter has stolen her husband and now she is in trouble with her husband's wife.
Jhoot said crow Kate. .....Dario from black crows....Media
Liar people  fuck off
Girl

kareena Hii Have a good boy

Thish is fake

Best of luck kareena Kapoor khan

Itna kahe chinta kar rahe ho baby hoga to dikh hi jaega yaar

Na boy or na hi girl ab Kareena second baby nahi laegi saif already tin bachcho ka Baap he or kitne Bachche laega

Fake

Media's log has also given some emphasis...
IS IT IMPORTENT NEWS ?????????

This is fake news

very  good   congratulations kareena

Boo

Taimur it our best  
Jab kareena buri o gi easy b chr dy gha

Saif unfaithful mrd ha ya sirf mtlb k ha
Yr pkka char bache kregii bitch
If it is true then yes I am very excited

I think a beautiful girl like her

I m your new subscriber
That&#39;s not true

Girls

Bhai uski property h kisi ko taklif Kyun hoti h jitna bachche paida kre

Fake news

make money quickly
First song name?

Dusri actorer 2nd time pregnent thito q comment pass kr rhi ti to ab khud q pregnent ho kareena bdtamiz mira pe hans rhi thi ye kareena q log dusre pe hanste h

Gel for me
I can&#39;t believe that

Ye Randi Karina
Fake news

Abhi to line mulli jo h
This is wrong news
So we did it and we logged in.
Really bullshit

She can&#39;t take care of one child, Taimur is always with nanny or with Saif, sorry for the negative comment yaar, but on the other  hand Meera seems to be a good mother, may be because she is a full time mom.

Girl
Tor matha

<a href="">

e bhai inshan loss fit kapre bhi nehi pahen sakti kya??...fake news...grow up media...

Fake news

Fake news kareena shoot soon with Shahrukh Khan movie

Fake

Sahid kapoor ko follow kr rhi h

Sahid kapoor ko follow kr rhi h

baby girl

girl 

 Mubarak is Karina's second baby
My baby love you

Saif jab kareena ku lera tha night me to ye media wale unlog ke bed ke pass khade ke dekhre the isliye bolre second baby coming soon bol k

It is going to be a girl  I guess

what does mar jaye sali mean?
Bakvas hai

Keep the 2nd one with a complicated and non liking name like Taimur.
Who khows if sahid  made 2nd child she can think of it bcos..........l.l.l.l

It is fine... She should plan for another one...

Tomorrow you will get married.. people will steal.
fake

I dont think she is pregnant

Why are you staying in your bedroom?
Karen ko dak kr acha LG rha h wo real my Maa LG rha h
Ap log bhut jhut bhi di khati hu..Ksi chaanl ny dikhaya intrw ky Bharti sign vd husbnd ni b. B 12..But Asa ksh ni hwa
Muje to sair pregnant LG ra hai

Fek

This stupid media of ours has never made a video of the routine of the soldiers on the border with such intensity, that what did these poor people eat, how much they slept, how much tough duty they faced..., the sound of stupid phones is blaring in front of them, Who is pregnant, who drinks at the party, who hugs whom bla bla...Nonsense media
Even a little...
This Hum 2 Humare 2 wala plan is only for womenSaif is not for men
Saif ka getup yahodiyo wala haFace pr dardhi or cap
Nonsense!!

Shahid n Kareena's competition is going on.
Marriage with Kareena is also done for the Muslim population of the country. She got hot with Shahid, now the old man is having a baby, after a few days he will drive her away too.
Is your friend married? Will she be pregnant?
Fake news hai yay media walo or koi kam nahi jab kho hai banaye fake news hai
I think it&#39;s true...bcoz Saif is getting older...he has to utilise  all his potential...he has no tym to shave even his beard as well..

Faaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkkeeeeee news shame on you guys

Boy and gale

It will be a girl

fake news

Sach has
Taimur looks like his nanu

Y should v get excited abt her baby..? Its their lyf .. Free to do whtevr they wnt.. There  are other issues in the country which requires attention.. Idiot media.. Worthless n nt trustworthy... Get lost guyss... Shame

hansa sarware you are right

Bebo z nvr gonna gv birth 2 second baby.
Kuj b bolty Ho yrr tum log to... 

So what

I dont know who she is but is this news ??? A woman is pregnant and there is a video clip about that. And this woman doing the voice over should shut up. Awful.

Stop talking shit...dnt give fake information

don&#39;t have any work media

Now too pass me to travel in London America Germany everywhere please as a gift given by you to ME please do some work time for me I want to live female Now boobies

You are stealing the minds of log viewers...
You are stealing the minds of log viewers...
Fraud channel... guys unsubscribe it right now.

U don’t have correct news.....????? Your channel won’t go anywhere.

gril

Don&#39;t spread fake news......

If they want they l plan fr d baby whether it mayb second or third so n so..  who r u to judge them with shahid.. shit channel..

These media people do not get any other news, neither do they say anything nor publish anything but fake news.
Ladki

Faltu ka baat karo
Media facts raho
Bollywood bai, Congratulations, please also tell me whether the delivery is normal? Any worries? Shame on you bai......
best of luck

She will like to have 4.

He did it just like  Muslim community  bacha peda karo  kom batao

Impossible

Hmm Meera ki second baby Hui Hain to Kareena ko to hona hi chahiye isme bhi woh peche kyun rehi jaye??

ABI maldeep k pic Deki h Katerina bikini m this and she is not pregnant,

Hr wqt saif ny e taimoor uthaya hta h
bakwas news
There is fake news and the eyes of these media people are on their stomach.
Dogs Dogs Dogs Sharam Karo
Wow what a factory is being built
Fake, fake, only fake, there is nothing except this, idiot nonsense can never be told even by the media...
Saif fucked so much so 2nd baby

So what kind of unique work is it doing to save the world?
Nice Kareena I m happy

kuch b...
Baby girl 
Even a little 
totally fake...

boht ho rha hai lgta hote hi pregnant woww awesome news karina gg

Wtf ....fake news
He is so old to have kids

Fake

mere to samjh me ye nahi aata ...kon bewakoof log ye channel ko subscribed karte h.... mostly baate jhooti hoti h media vaalo ki......

Mujhay to lag raha hai 6 th month hai

You guys can't do anything.
Media He cried foul to the whole world.
i dont kw why u guys are making these people gods    ....keep on posting videos....shilpa kareena .....haha ...all nonsense
fake

Wat the hell news is this..bullshit...

Bakvas

you are really mental

False or true does a matter?I am excited anyway. My mind is telling me karina.didi has healthy fertility. She could be pregnant? Ameen.from U.S.A.

Great news?She will be having girl this time and she will be as cute as karina.didi.stay bless

Whatever

No , why would we be excited ??

MashaAllah

Is it a competition that if Meera and shahid will have second baby , ka Reena would also have  . You guys put fake photos ...

The best thing is that they care about their son and do not insult him
Bakwas

Girl

Pregnant hovi tho b Mira ka second baby hova na uski jalas k liye hovi hogi kareenaa

You will become wise again
Abhi was also seen in bikini.. there was news of pregnancy.
In Kameen logo k baare me baate hi kyu ho.... All the actors have destroyed the other's house &amp; actressThey are eating shit...
Fake news

worlds best fake news..

dusraKMnhehya. BchapidAkro
duBchaSDekrnyko. hogeahysyfkosrmvenhi. aaildKalDkizwahogiBapdcapaikrrhahy. Dyasrm
I wish girl ho bilkul kareena ke tarah

Is this true... Really she is again pregent..

Bullshit media.

But jb baby hoga to pata chal jayaga

Secound  baby girl hone caheya is br

Fake news dalte hue sharam nahi aatiTum log hote hi aise ho.bak bak
So good

Saif ali beard ma achy ni lg rhy shav kro bhai

What kind of food is this? Is there anything else needed?
It's fake, friend!
This is the one who is in pain.
i love taimur soooo cute
Such a funny Media they don&#39;t have other  issue , except private matter of people????

Fucking fake News fuck of your  bitch

In that vacation,Soha ali khan with her family was also there.And she posted a photo which kareena was in bikini and having a flat belly.If u don&#39;t have seen these photo please check out.kareena returned mumbai after 2 or 3 days.And then she gets a round shaped belly?How is this possible?

Wt is this ...

best of luck  kareena  saif ‍️‍
I&#39;m not forcing or interfering in kareena&#39;s life but I don&#39;t want her to give birth to a boy again not a good combination

Wrong caption!!bollywood bai is preg .with 2nd bby

ohh

yes supper excited

How unlucky I am to have a mother in my life. I have never found this friend who has helped me to make my children realize my worth. I have never felt anything but emotion.
Are Kareena or Shahid not racing to have children...keep your bullshit in your ass media guys.
Who is this Taimur so cute?
Yes  boy
I am happy whether my baby is a boy or a girl and I have decided to do so.
bakwas fake

Fake..

Saif you are utilising ur time efffectively...congrats...still 7 more to go for 1 dozen.

Fake news

Full gupa Gup
Kitna ghut don&#39;t like it
Why do you log in and make the public aware of the news? When you log in and tell true news, no one will believe your news?
Yes of course I m excited... It really doesn&#39;t matter whether it would be a baby boy or girl its god gifted so we will gonna welcome with  lots of love and happiness..

The life of media people is heavier than poor people.. What should these poor people do if they get such money..
Fake.sh&#39;s not pregnant.

Fake news yaar don&#39;t believe
Will Kareena be pregnant if she has a yellow round on her stomach... I have to say truth... Sahid's baby is bad, just running fake news of Kareena... for views... this is a very useless channel...
We want anthor cutie boy for saifeena

Unsubscribe

What nonsense you guys talk

What nonsense are you talking?
fake news

How much weight is this log?
Are you serious ??

Whatttt
