Stream &amp; watch back to back Full Movies only on Eros Now -  <a href="">

Lack of knowledge Pant Pratinidhi is itself higher position than Pant Pradhan (peshwa), why would pant pratinidhi downgrade his position from being 2nd to 3rd

Hello / hi !!! I m Gunjan Newaskar this side!!! I wish to dedicate this iconic historic scene to the three people who have influenced my life 01) The greatest allrounder GOAT one &amp; only Gaurav Malhotra urf Dewas Palty He was from Dewas his father used to work at Avery high  respected position in the Bank Note Press (BNP) of India He is a Jat by religion so bravery is in his religion, caste &amp; creed by birth he was very hot blooded but he was not sanki / short tempered!!! He always used his mind over his heart he was good with the good &amp; very very bad to the bad. He was so brave &amp; daring &amp; solid that all people used to fear him, even the seniors also,  but he was also loving, smart, handsome, super sexy, rough &amp; tough, gentle &amp; humble at the same time!!! His interests included music, mathematics, poetry, drawing &amp; arts, sexy khubsurat, haseen, nazneen, pariyon jaisi sundar hot mast chodu maal ladkiyon ko chedna / eve teasing karna etc badtameezi, all of us used to enjoy his company i still remember he used to play mouth organ like sound with a hair comb also he used to play dotodrums he &amp; his voice was so man nish he was very much masculine girls used to fap on him I met him in Savita college batch of 1999-2003 he was also very good in academics/ studies also he got 98/100 marks in mathematics in XII standard ee was a very loving &amp; smart person and a humble &amp; noble guy but he was very vulgar &amp; obscene he used to make dirty &amp; nasty comments about girls he used to do dirty non veg jokes all the time I personally hail him as the greatest champion he was good in sports &amp; athletics as well he used to play cricket &amp; volleyball he presently works as a Delivery Manager in TCS Germany &amp; is married to a beautiful absolutely ravishing drop dead gorgeous woman it&#39;s a love marriage his wife our bhabhi used to work in TCS as well he has two very beautiful cute pretty daughters he lives in Munich, Germany !!!  Salute to him he is still alive he is a living legend &amp; am ideal example for all of the young generation 2) The GOAT manager (now CEO) one &amp; only

If Peshwa Bajirao lived for even 10 years more and Madhavrao survived till 40, Maratha Empire would&#39;ve reached Iran and Afghanistan and they probably wouldn&#39;t have lost the third battle of Panipat too.

Who is waiting for RANBIR KAPOOR, ALIAA BHATT, VICKY KAUSHAL, &quot;LOVE &amp;WAR&quot; 

Better than arjun kapoor

<a href="">4:07</a> his brightness look, shines in his eyes, feels ghoosbhumbs.......

Babijao is great but why had to love mastani.......though if he did.....we didn&#39;t imagine the pain of Kashi Bai.....we felt goosebumps just watching this but it had happened in real life....

Jai Ho Brahman YodhaJai Sri Parshuram
Movie start hone k time Dailouge aha he
Harharmahadeo.
All rajputs jaats and gurjars should realize that he is the most successful warrior of modern india.jai parshuram

My father is big officer all of say your are bad boy ..But reality to scene 

The scene is dramatized very effectively but why did ranveer singh did not do namaskar/mujra to chatrapati when he arrives. Dont you think it is insult of chatrapati.

<a href="">3:00</a> Better than Adipurush 

best scene

Love this scene and Bajirao&#39;s entrance. Ranveer is spectacular!!

DELHI TERI MAA BHEE GAYEE HAI HAI KABHI. DOGS.
Prior to this movie...I never thought that Ranveer Singh would ever make it A list Actors. Ranveer Singh nailed it.Hats Off to Sanjay Leela Bhansali for creating such an amazing story of a Warrior - Bajirao Mastani

My name is to the great king of all worlds.
Shahu ji maharaj .
For those who thinks, why does a politician like Pant claimed  a Peshwa post and king didn’t protested, because like Bhat family, the Pant family were also famous in Maratha politics. Sripat rao Pant was a capable military general also his father Pershuram trimbak were both Peshwa and Pant.

07/12/1987

This is something different

One of best scene in indian cinema. Of all time.

Om smile 
Seeing this scene literally gives me goosebumps

Om Namah Shivaya ️
This whole design was made by Nitin Desai, RIP.

The people here are of the same class as a Brahmin whereas Bajirao was a Kashtri by work. It is written in Geeta that the life of a human being is the Pradhan of his work and not the Pradhan of his caste. Geeta is our supreme scripture and I agree with it. All those who supported Bajirao were Brahmins. Those who supported Bajirao's army with their blood, their deeds and caste were lost. That the third corner of Brahmanwad did not fall. The Brahmin alone did not eat the food. They got this empire as a result of the sacrifice and sacrifice of all the Maratha people. Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, Chatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj and who knows how many Marathas have sacrificed their blood for this soil. Only one Bajirao has not eaten the Maratha Empire.
️WARNING️Shameless Converts in this comment section have no shame and are defending the same Mughal bastards that r@*ed their Great great Grandma&#39;s and butchered their Forefathers and converted them!Have they no common sense?Their Hindu ancestors must be rolling in their Graves!

Best one

Peek Ranvir
My husband, Ranveer, is the most handsome
Woooow dialogue proud to be a part of this cultural heritage

That Picture of Chhatrapati shivaji Maharaj and Sambhaji mahraj in Background. Bhansali nailed this movie

ok

Bajirao has to prove himself to become peshwa

Mahesh voice is damn suitable 
Ajinkay sir vale like karoo faas ;)
For only one arrow?? 

Can&#39;t believe this guy is now acting in movies like Cirkus and Jayesh Bhai Jordar

EPIC
I am Karnataka and chatrapati shivaji maharaj is in my heart

I am a Muslim bt blood boils when see this movie

A movie which could have emerged with very dangerous content but by giving it the name of Pyaar Mohabbat, did not show Bajirao as impressive who was more powerful, brave and intelligent in front of whom even the best Mughal Sardars could not stand.
Proud to be born on sanatan
️🇮🇳️Jai Ho ️🇮🇳️
Here,  Peshwa is not doing his original job! Ranveer has enacted this role very well! but the history is incorrect!

One of the greatest leader from mratha empire 

I, m proud to be a brahmin 

Remember that moment when watching this scene and listening to the bgm in theatre 

He died in 40 so sad

We Do not have leaders like Bajirao today.............That is why India is suffering.............

When I was looking at the comment section, I liked that all the blind people are jealous. In the film itself, they are shown as brave. You are saying this, oh brother, if you say this then you are a fool. Go and check History, you half-lully people.
This is the kind of focus you need to crack IIT-JEE

PRASANT NEEL SS RAJAMOULI SUKUMAAR SHANKAR SE JYADA ACHCHI MOVIE SANJAY LEELA BHANSHALI GREATEST DIRECTOR ️ HAI.
From Rajasthan 

How much do you want, but it also hurts...
This man was something elseFought 41 battles in his lifetime but never lost. Unfortunately I m not happy with Bollywood&#39;s potrayl of him in this film.Bollywood stressed too much on his love life and less on his Achievements.

Akshay should learn from him

Jai DADA PARSHURAM PANDAT FROM RAJASTHAN ️ ️ ️ ️ ️
Fork
na rajput ek huye na maratha ..warna ajj is desh me mulle na hote ..

Baap of all hero elevation scenes. Bhansaali saab..take a bow!!

Here comes the Greatest Peshwa Ever

badass brother
This is what happened. Bajirao Mastani.
Better if he would have been acted in prithviraj chauhan film....but offcourse let&#39;s see what Akshay kumar does....

What he is wearing in this scene?

Milind and Ranveer chemistry beautiful in Movie 

U all are only brave in movies...in reality  mughals  put arse to ur ass specially aurangzeb the great

Love to Marathas from Rajputana. My ancestral clan is from jaisalmer, rajasthan and probably migrated to maharashtra when the invasions started in rajasthan and I have spent my whole life in maharashtra in a small town and I grew up hearing kirtans in mathas and playing with my friends who were all marathi and I never felt like I didn&#39;t belong.Jai maharashtra Jai shivaji.

This scene is a masterpiece.

Jai Peshwa Bajirao Ballal BhatHar Har Mahadev
His entry is like Lion.

Milind Soman...the real Hindu man chariot...
Only Bhagavad Gita Hatyar education practices, Hindavi Swaraj, over-democracy, over-crowd, Islam, corruption, garbage free, tax forced... Gandhiji secular movement, hunger strike modern selfish hijdos....
Best actor

This is a beautiful film. Indeed their love was very powerful and consuming, but just my 2 cents worth surely a true love and pure love is meant to lift up and inspire if you divide&#39;s and courses terrible and deep wounds. Such as Bajirao&#39;s first wife is it true? this love divided people into fractions shouldn&#39;t love also be in the sense sacrificing and not just wanting its own way but also taking into consideration of others and also one&#39;s duty. This man appeared to be a master of the battlefield and I didn&#39;t even know that swords could have those kinds of blades Of course, I watched this film with purely western eyes and find this movie equally beautiful as well sad and moving (Black chick who loves Indian movies)

Probably the best entrance in Bollywood. ️‍

No one like marathas

When you think about chatrapati shivaji maharaj automatically you feel energetic 
Mujra of honor to the rich Bajirao Peshwa
Haryana has significant number of Martha population ,which came as pilgrims before third battle of Panipat.

Har Har Mahadev 
After watching movie Bajirao - Mastani, people even if Peshwa Bajirao&#39;s deedsBe a follower but it is an unbreakable truth that the rule of Peshwao was the most painful and humiliating period for the untouchables. Brahminism was so extreme in the rule of Peshwao that untouchables were not allowed to walk on the road. If someone walked on untouchable road, he would have to hang a clay pot around his neck. Untouchables were not allowed to spit on the ground, by doing so the ground became unholy. He could not spit on the ground, so he had to walk with a pot hanging around his neck. He had to walk with a broom behind him so that no Brahmin would fall on his footsteps and he would not be unholy. They had to walk with a bell in their hand or something making noise so that the Brahmins could hear the information of walking in their path and Brahmins would move out of their way.Fed up with this inhuman atrocities of Peshwa, Maharashtra&#39;s Maharo joined the English army and defeated the army of Peshwa Bajirao badly. Only 500 Maharas dusted 25000 soldiers of Peshwa Bajirao II in the battle fought in Koregaon on 1 January 1818. In this war, the Mahar Regiment of the British East India Company destroyed the army of Peshwa Bajirao. Koregaon&#39;s War Memorial is a sign of the amazing strength of the Mahar race. The atrocities that Peshwa did on untouchables during his regime, there was a t

This part is one of the best scenes ever watched. The background music, roles played by Ranveer truly made it epic.

Hindu Swaraj
Can we just appreciate the music in background from <a href="">2:28</a> to rest of the video just hear it clearly close eyes dont see video only hear the sound . You will get to know what i am talking about.

Mast scene hain.
Bajirao&#39;s test is my favourite part in the whole film. Peshwa Bajirao was a genius. I have seen this part 100 times.

Literal goosebumps

Jai hindurashtra 
Parnam Jai Hind Sir

The special thing about Maratha which made him different from Rajputo and Jeetya..in his mind lachak (not just bravery) and jaggery to make everyone happy.
This is what we would miss in Akshay&#39;s Prithviraj.....a rock solid lead!!

chatrapati promised  bhadur shah 1 that he will never attack mughals so this sccene is misleading

Everything was great until Mastani entry 

He is brilliant actor 

That score though!!!

What a actor he is...!!!Marathi Accent tak Pakad lia bhai ne ..

Saw the trailer of Padmavat so went ahead.
In starting who is saying that dialogue at starting who is the name of that character in movie

Har Har Mahadev
Har Har Mahadev 
The best thing in this video was the bgm

it wouldve been better agar pankh gir gaya hota !!!

In 2021, whenever I see this scene I will get goosebumps.

Wow...

Theer agar raja ko lagtha

Har Har Mahadev

Bajirao Peshwa has world record of not losing even a single battle out of 42 battles he fought.

Bharman Maratha Rajputana above all We are all SANATAN who born with the universe and still live till the end of Universe  

Jai Hind! Jai Bharat! Jai Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj! Jai Peshwa Bajirao Ballar! Jai Maratha!️️🇮🇳️️
Bajirao Peshwa&quot; has to prove himself to become peshwa (Right Quote) &quot;Shrimant Bajirao Peshwa&quot; Do you feel like writing?
I am very motivated from my ancestors Baji  Jai Deva

 Baji Reh Baji  Jai Deva
That walk 

What does it mean? “Woh mayur pankh hai mughal saltanat ka pedh jiski jadhey hain delhi “? , peacock feathers use to grow on mughal trees ??????? 

He said woh mayur pankh hai mughal saltanat ka pedh ??? Since when peacock feathers started growing on trees ?

The way Ranveer has worked hard to look, talk and convince like a marathi... Is just admirable. He did it. I am impressed

Maratha Empire 

Confidance level 
Jai Brahmin Jai Rajput
&quot;Ranveer Has To Prove Himself To Become Peshwa&quot;  ...... ???The creator of this video is fool......He should have mentioned &quot;Bajirao Has To Prove Himself To Become Peshwa&quot;

Maratha knows only two things Kill or die|Dharmo rakshati rakshitahGod, country and religion |Jai Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj
Entry music is damn good

Our land, our rule, Chhatrapati Shivaji's only dream, Hindu Swaraj 
Very nice movie

Marathas and then Peshwas saved India...  Otherwise India would have been a Muslim Majority Nation... It is our Nation...  Nation of Hindus.. Of course we have been merciful enough to let people of other religions live... But some religions wanted to change this

lets take a moment to appreciate the cinematic prowess and culture that was expressed in this scene.

Epic scene

This movie should have included more content from his bravery but they included more from love side

At <a href="">1:13</a> What a laugh Pantpratinadhi ji, you are laughing alone.
&quot;Even the biggest tree falls on the ground because of this&quot; well said ️
Chatraptinna kiti old dakhvla ahe , 100% te ase nstil
Few know that Peshwa Bajirao never lost a battle in his 20 year old military career.

One dream is Hindu swaraj🇮🇳🇮🇳
Brahma Yoddha...expert in both Shastra and Shashtra.
happy birhtday power house( ranveer)

Epic Scene. What did Peshwa's enemies say?
jab tak rajput or maratha bhaiyo hai tab tak mughal lo ka sans lena hi haram tha jay bhavani..har har mahadev!!!

Unfortunately all maratha leaders who were capable died at a very young age Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj at the age of 50Chatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj at the age of 31Peshwa Bajirao I at the age of 39Peshwa Madhavrao at the age of 27

&quot;Ranveer Has To Prove Himself To Become Peshwa&quot; Buddy, Ranveer doesn&#39;t have to prove, its Bajirao who needs to prove. At least name the title properly. Its not the actor whom you&#39;re making the story of, its the young Bajirao who&#39;s story is being told.

This movie is insulting Baji rao

<a href="">0:48</a> gossebumps 🇮🇳🇮🇳
Who is here???????

That background music gave me goosebumps

Hail Bajirao, he was a Brahmin warrior who never lost a war. We are proud of Bajirao. Jai Hind.
The world knows that the Peshwa is in front of the Mahar
Brahmins are interested in Astra along with Shastra.
Khup proud hoto hai baghtana ,Nda chya result cha wait krtoy
This movie first offered to Sushant Singh Rajput...Ranveer stole it

Jai Shivarai, Jai Shambhuraje, Jai Shrimant Bajirao Peshwa 
Har Har Mahadev 
Jai Maratha
Brahmin power ️
Along with weapons, knowledge of scriptures will also have to be given. Perfect
supreme bajirao ballal
I think there will be a bigger test then
Sara jhut aur fekam faak... Jaisa desh ke neta jhut felate hein waise  Bollywood wale... Film bana kar apne dill ku tasalli dete hein. Only dream

Ranveer grew up without much mother to spare.
Alely bajirao ne mujra kela pahije patham. Ha rivaj hota
Brhamin power 
Brilliant scene !

Kkk

Bajirao Peshwa undefeated warrior ...but Tattiwood showed his love ???Why should he hope in Bollywood from these guys?
best try bajirao

Jai Ho Baji 
<a href="">0:43</a> ...
The irony of this scene is Aditya Pancholi (non-brahmin) looks exactly like a Chitpavan brahmin in terms of fair complexion and light coloured eyes while Milind Soman who&#39;s actually a Chitpavan himself doesn&#39;t look like one.

Baji Rao was better than Any other Hindu king.

What happened?
Milind Soman ️
Each n every shot of this pic is iconic......

Awesome

He is not Ranveer in the movie he is Bajirao!!!! Then why to write in the title &#39;Ranveer&#39;?????

what do you say
what a dualouge

I don&#39;t like this movie

I&#39;m a Hindu Jat from Haryana.Proud of our Brahmin and Maratha brothers. Jai Hindu Rashtra ️️️
As an actor Ranveer is masculinity personified.

Me bajirao ballal 
Everywhere Shiva
Masterpiece!

Ganja samraj
Proud to be a Maratha and Proud to be an Indian 
Jai Shree Ram. Jai Sanatan dharma 
This movie close to my heart... we&#39;re proud of you Bajirao and Marathas

What title do you like Ranveer?  Bajirao peshwa has to write like this to prove himself to become peshwa.
Great

Ranbir Singh has really brought out the personality of Bajirao in his own acting, the role of Kashibai is
Confidence is most important in life....

Our land, our rule, the same dream of Chhatrapati Shivaji, Hindu Swaraj
I have watched this scene so many times but still feel like watching it again n again !!!!

<a href="">3:38</a> 100% goosebumps

Best moments of Ranveer&#39;s life

There was no India before 1947. Our history is not a battle between Team Green and Team Orange.

Everywhere Shiva
111111111111

Who disliked Madarchod?
Mughal the real braves

This is great

Brahman Dharm Yuge Jai Brahman
<a href="">2:45</a> Background Music ..From where i get ?

Hail Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj.
In Sab ke samne...

Only Rambeer can do this role
<a href="">1:35</a>

I am Rajput..nd very much proud of my Brahmin brother Marathas...nd overall we r Santan dharam people...

Jai Shrimant Bajirao Ballal.....
Baji4ao peshva buadva hai uski 28000 ki Sena ko 500 maharo me haraya tha This is real histry

Jai Hind! Hail Maratha!
I want to see a movie on Chhatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj....Who is agree with me?

Most disgusting period movie ever made
But even today the Mughals are weakening the fabric of India............changed our food, changed the name of our festival, changed our education, changed history, taught wrong culture. It is a cloud, we are destroying the culture everywhere, we have given it to us under the rule of law and we are not allowed to impose Uniform Civil Code on ourselves?? JANSANKHYA KANOON also did not give song honey??
Priyanka did the best acting in this movie and even more than deepika

Uttam Acts Sunder Acts
Mast....

Leopard's move
Unlike those who live here smjh jao ।
Making   money is good what about forts
Har sabha me ek maskhara bhi hota hai is sabha me bhi tha &quot;ab dekhte hai chite ko chal or baaz ki nzr &quot;

Great

Great Mr. Mahesh Manjraker Sir.
Shabaash peshwa
Peshwas ne poore desh ko barbad kar diya and for those who don&#39;t know Peshwas were not Marathas, they were Brahmins

Thanks Sanjay Leela Bhansali for touching this chapter of Maratha history and introducing the great Srimant Bajirao Peshwa not only to the world but many Indians as well.Most history books have a few paragraphs on Maratha history and don&#39;t even mention the name of Bajirao Peshwa.Maratha empire was at it&#39;s zenith in the 18th century and the credit largely goes to Bajirao peshwa who captured half of India in a span of 20 years and won all the 40 battles he fought. He was not just a lovesick person but one of the most valiant warrior not just India but the world has ever seen.

Faster than a boat faster than lighting we are the pooootiiiiisssss shakira

Its not ranveer its baji rao

I dont like bajirao. I am fan of madhavrao. The most ethical as well as invincable peshwa. Even british said if madhavrao lived mire years britush would be finished in india. Madhavrao died at 27 age due tb.

The cruel and despicable mentality of Khilji and Mughals has been depicted slightly, but accurately.
Sense of indian youth. Bajirao is great man no doubt he loved a woman that is also fine.But on other hand allahuddin did same but shown in wrong way.Jaago india jaago. Not everything is truth what we see by our eyes. This is the result of diverting india youth mind. No harsh feeling for Respected Bajirao and not for Allahuddin. Try to undrstand things you wont be caught in such harmful mind wash movies.

Allahu akbar Winner Muslim Ghuri Empire vs Hindu RajputLoser Winner Muslim Durrani Empire vs Hindu Maratha EmpireLoserIn future Winner Al Qaeda+Taliban vs Indian ArmyLoser.
This scene always gives me goosebumps....

Make or watch Hindu king's film or don't watch Muslim's film. Long live Hindu Ekta Zindabad.
Peacefull people disliked m damn sure.
SANJAY LEELA BHANSALI

Jai Bhavani Jai Shivaji 
Ancient Hindus leaders- protect everyone and fight everyone irrespective of religion...a true pride for hinduism...Modern Hindu leaders- using Hinduism as a political tool...

One of the best.. acting, direction, cinematography

Khilji is better than baaji rao

Nice

That soil is of India, that peacock feather is the tree of Mughal Sultanate whose roots are in Delhi and that arrow is of Maratha Empire  Jai Maratha 
peshwa balaji vishwanat made the peshwaship hereditary during his time.. so no point of choosing peshwa , it was already his son

Okasari raaju chepthey,ika adhey seelashashanam

Shabaash Peshwa
Naaku basha poorthiga arthamu kaakapoina,athanni peshwa antaney naaku anandhamu ga vundi
Mugal ko hatane ki nakaam kushis tha 

This gives goosebumps. For a moment I felt joining Marathas against Mughals.Jai Maratha !!!

Sanjay leela making epic movies period drama... But the typical bollywood mentality hai ki songs or love angle chahiye... Ye sub bollywood ki apic movies ko degrade kr dete hai

<a href="">2:45</a> to <a href="">3:00</a>  listen the background song

Kamal hai tumara performance Ranveer
This scene is so COOOOOOL 

The real portrait of Chhtrapati shivaji maharaj in background .<a href="">3:10</a>

nice

Bajirao Peshwa  Brahman 
I am Mahar.I am proud on my maratha brothers.Jai Shivray!!Jai bhim!!

Great Actor  My fev movie

Jai chatrapati shivaji maharajJai shambhu rajePeshwa is our worker overestimate brahman

<a href="">0:36</a>

My favourite movie

Bajirao fulfilled Chatrapathi shivaji dream
Best Actor ️ . Nobody could have played Khilji ,Ram or Bajirao better than him

<a href="">0:41</a>

Milind Soman is a great actor just like Adil Hussain. He should do more movies.

Ranveer : time to play a historical figure with full dedicationArjun kapoor : hold my failed pathetic attempt

Ranveer&#39;s Hardwork 
why the title says &quot;ranveer&quot; .. ranveer thoda bana tha peshwa .. bajirao likna chahiye tha ..

Paanipat Movie made to show how Ranveer is better than Arjun Kapoor

Almost it was fake movie. .. 90% fake storie....

I wish my boss introduces me like this to his boss :D :D

Swami is King

Mana ki tum bollywood walon ke rag-rag mein islam basta hai par tag line sahi karo Its not Ranveer trying to prove rather &quot;Bajirao trying to prove....&quot;

Har Har mahadev ...
Milind Soman acted sooo well

Jai Shrimant Peshwa Bajirao ballad ki
History repeat maratha and nizam desh drohi on English men&#39;s day the one who fought lion that is tipu sultan ye sher secular tha desh ke liye Jaan dedi apni riyasatke liye pura khajana luta diya ye maratha and nizams khud ki pehchan ke liye gore log se hath milake tipu ku dafnaya

Iconic scene

Jai maharashtra.

Kasoti must be yogi 
Bajirao Peshwa Brahmin
Whenever U watch this movie.. U&#39;ll feel like U r watching Bajirao in real not Ranveer.. brilliant actor

Life time best dialogue of Ranveer....And life changing movie for Ranveer

Wish this movie was about his greatness as a soldier

Make a movie of Chatrapati Sivaji Maharaj and the lead actor will be Sharad Kelkar.
Mongols were scared mostly of Maratha domination.  It is true. Even Biharis (JP Narayan)  were scared of Maratha domination.  This is the Bhagva dhwaj (Saffron Flag) not the Hara dhwaj (Green Flag). This is a good Peshwa.

This wise fool is a hypocrite since birth and is against Muslims.
Jai Shree Krishna 
Har Har Mahadev
Awesome

Best movie of Ranveer Singh
Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj
i have atched this scene in tamil. i would say dubbing voice, words, the way they deliver is sharp and more powerful than original hindi version. bajirao voice need a bit more base

2.28.tune is very nice

Jai Maratha 

Garv hai maratha hone ka

Three Battles Of Panipat, And All Of Em&#39; Won By Afghans Babur Akbar Abdali

I'm a Muslim, no matter how much I have read about Shivaji Maharaj, one thing has confirmed to me that Shivaji Maharaj was a very solid king.
Bajirao went from the time of Panipat war to today's history... Jai Maratha..... 
The scene that made Ranveer's scene
Har Har Mahadev

Bajirao20 yrs old
And I really like this movie
20 y/o Bajirao: <b>becomes Peshwa</b>20 y/o me: <b>couldn&#39;t crack JEE</b>

real Hindu! Not fake like BJP N RSS

Can u feel background music which is starting from <a href="">3:49</a> . Very energetic and relaxation sounds 



Awesome scene I love it

Must have eagle's vision
Every scene in this movie is epic just epic

A woman is the root of everything
Bajirao Peshwa  Brahmin motiv
Masterpiece

My salute to Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj who saved the sanskriti and maton of our country and to keep his thoughts alive and my salute to Bajirao Peshwaji who gave birth to Maratha Empire in the country. Jai Bhavani Jai Shivaji
This scene is epic ..

Never doubt the power of a leopard…the gaze of a eagle…and the sword of a warrior…the power of death is always there…Epic
<a href="">0:46</a>

Ranveer&#39;s career best performance n&#39; movie too
Jai Bhavani. Hail Shivaji
nice  Martha



All Hindu brothers and sisters should participate in the Hindu Rashtra Movement in maximum numbers. Long live Hindu revolution 
Long live Hindu revolution  India will now become a Hindu nation 
The only objective now is to create a Hindu nation.
<b><i>Now we all will create a Hindu nation together</i></b> <b><i>Jai Shri Ram</i></b> <b><i>Chhatrapati Shivaji Jai Maharaj</i></b> <b><i>Har Har Mahadev</i></b> 
Eight hundred years of slavery is just a fake narrative and nothing else. This is simply a fake narrative or propaganda used by the enemies to try to gain a psychological edge over the Hindus. The Greatest Marathas The Greatest Marathas (Hindus) defeated and destroyed the evil and demonic Mughals since the 1640s and since then the Hindus of Western India (Maharashtra and other states) and the Hindus of South India have been defeated by the Greatest Marathas of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj. Liberated under leadership. Later, the Hindus of North India and Eastern India were also liberated by the great Marathas and the Maratha Empire (Hindu Empire). The Maratha Empire (Hindu Empire) was established, popularly known as Hindavi Swaraj (Hindu self-rule, Hindu self-rule). So next time if any Non-Hindu tells any Hindu about 800 years of slavery, just tell them the above sentence. If they don't believe, tell them to search Mughal-Maratha_Wars on Wikipedia which clearly states Decisive Maratha Victory. Jai Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Har Har Mahadev, Jai Shri Ram 
Buster are rules in bollywood

Doe&#39;s not matter ranbir&#39;s acting , it was a anti Hindu film, be so shame .

Achha maratha log kabhi mughalo ke virudhh jeet kyun nahi pay??? Not trolling just asking cuz i dont know and i wanna know

Not Ranveer, you fool?

Title is wrong as who the hell Ranveer is. It the Bajirao. Who is proving to become Peshwa  Ranveer is no one. Against the maharaja Peshwa.

Om

The cinematography .... Direction is of hollywood level, or shall i say more better than hollywood.

I love shiva g

A movie that is a blot to the name of Baji Rao and the Rao family as a whole. Bollyturd must keep to just making criminal and raunchy movies, based on its first hand experience of being a hovel of criminals and couch shakers.

Every frame of this movie is poetry in motion

I just think that he ruined his life by a dalliance with mastani. He had a plan, a future, a loving wife, strong children, the respect of his people, his soldiers and his peers. It almost seems as if mastani was sent to sabotage him.

srinivas rao
Copied and pasted so it doesn&#39;t get lost in comment sectionJames Grant Duff in his &quot;History of Mahrattas&quot;:

It may be truly said that, Bajirao had both, head to plan and hand to execute.



Jadunath Sarkar says in his forward to “Peshwa Bajirao I and Maratha Expansion”



“Bajirao was a heaven born cavalry leader. In the long and distinguished galaxy of Peshwas, Bajirao Ballal was unequalled for the daring and originality of his genius and the volume and value of his achievements. He was truly a carlylean Hero as king- or rather as Man of action.’ If Sir Robert Walpole created the unchallengeable position of the Prime Minister in the unwritten constitution of England, Bajirao created the same institution in the Maratha Raj at exactly the same time.



Sir R. Temple says in “Oriental Experiences”:



“Bajirao was hardly to be surpassed as a rider and was ever forward in action, eager to expose himself under fire if the affair was arduous. He was inured to fatigue and prided himself on enduring the same hardships as his soldiers and sharing their scanty fare. He was moved by an ardour for success in national undertakings by a patriotic confidence in the Hindu cause as against its old enemies, the Muhammadans and its new rivals, the Europeans then rising above the political horizon. He lived to seethe Maratha spread over the Indian continent from the Arabian sea to the Bay of Bengal. He died as he lived in camp under canvas among his men and he is remembered among the Marathas as the fighting Peshwa, as the incarnation of Hindu energy.



British General Bernerd Montgomery in his Concise History of Warfare :



They(Marathas) were at their best in the eighteenth century, and the Palkhed campaign of 1727-28 in which Baji Rao I outgeneralled Nizam-ul-Mulk, is a masterpiece of strategic mobility.







Shreemant Peshwa Bajirao Ballal Bhat


The Undefeated Maratha Warrior 
I&#39;m tamilan But I like maratha very much
His name is Bajirao not Ranveer

It’s Bajirao, not Ranveer, who had to prove himself...

Seen 1k times Dialogues 
I watch most of the timeBecause I love historyJay hind 🇮🇳

peshwas  cunningly and deceptively overthrew the ruler , i.e the CHATRAPATI . They portrayed Shahu Chatrapati as an idiot child, but the reality is they wanted to rule . Wrong history is purposely being still taught  in schools

Great attitude by ranveer

Madaboard addict............ ........ You are not even worthy of acting like Bajirao, he is worthless.
Acting level ....
The king who enslaved the Shudras of India
Happy New Year all friendsKon kon sun reha jii 2021 vich Reply krke dsoHit like
Brahman warrior

Bajirao ki je 
Only one thing I don&#39;t like in this scene that is sivajii Maharaj is not looking like shivaji .....He is motivation for all marathas of that time

What year Arjun Kapoor is not copied?
Om Namah Shivay 
His body language and entry reminds me of  Chanakya 

wow bajirao wow
Bajirao Mastani and Padmavati are the 2 films of Ranveer Singh that I rate a lot 

Legend movie
Hindu Padpadshahi
MuGoLo Ka AABA Jan
Ranveer singh ke awkad nhi ki wo ek peshwa bane

Jaisa bhi hai, But He is brilliant actor

This movie has turned bravest warrior into a mad lover....

All the chieftains of Chhatrapati like the commander, minister, Peshwa, Sarnobat, Subedar and other chieftains together expanded the Maratha Empire. We are proud of those warriors. Subedar Tanhaji, Peshwa Bajirao, General Commander Hambirrao Mohite, Sardar Bajiprabhu Deshpande, Tofkhana chief Daulat Khan and alll
Cite Cal BJ's eyes cannot shine on Bajirav's sword.
And rest is the history

Behanchod video

Milind soman acting was amezing

total copy of hollywood period movies. crapp

Great Jai Bajirao Peshwa Pratham , Ranveer Singh is a great actor ️
Peshwa Bajirao was the most brave and fearless and much more powerful than Maharana Pratap
Bajirao serve the Maratha Empire for 20 years and he never lose any battle

Because of marathas, south of india had less invasions. Thank you.

Jai Parsuram
Na peshwa like brahmin maujud hai ab or maharana pratap like kshtriya isle sanatan ka bad haal ab ,we need revival very soon before it's too late
Without sun rays...without fragrance of air...and bollywood...is incomplete without Ranveer Singh...!!
Hail Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj
From Marathe Baloch to Haryana till our sword is based, who went so far to fight the war.
500 Mahar army had killed 25000 Maratha army and 3000 horsemen, in Chamkaur 40 religious Sikhs killed 10 lakh Mughal and Rajput army, then 13 battles were fought by Rajputs against Sikhs and in the 14th battle Rajputs along with Mughals. Rajput Maratha fought against Sikhs and lost all the battles.
There is no actor like Ranveer
Nice

Character less
Only he can do justice to this role and he did it 

The age of Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj is 38 years old when Bajirao became Peshawa. In the film Maharaj seems like 60 years old man. Another mistake of the film.

One of the best scenes of Indian cinema

Ohhh... That&#39;s perfect , &quot;BAJIRAO BALAAL&quot; !!!!!. Thank god.

In the Madrasa. Maulvi: - Quran has been given to all the children. Akram, tell me what is written in the Quran? Akram: - Muslims are hypocrites. Angry Maulvi: - Tell me how? Akram: - It is written in the Quran that Muslims Women come out of the house in burqa but Sania Mirza roams around the world half naked. It is written in the Quran that Muslim women cannot watch TV but in Akrubuddin Owaisi's house everyone watches item songs on TV. It is written in the Quran that Muslims Girls should not go to school but the girls of Azam and Oweshi go to big schools. It is written in the Quran that Muslim women cannot dance but hundreds of heroines like Shabana Azmi, Farah Khan are dancing half naked. In the Quran It is written that one should go for Haj with one's own earnings, but in India, Muslims go for Haj with the income of infidels. Maulvi getting angry: - You fool, it seems that you are the illegitimate child of some infidel. Akram: - Sir, that is us. Everyone knows that we all Muslims are children of infidels.
I only get one thing.... Ranveer nailed each scene perfectly with his expressions, acting and tune....while deepika can&#39;t do proper expression like Priyanka or Ranveer

Jai jijauJai shivrayJai shambhurajeJai bajirao
no word what I say ,,, thanks for understanding  me hope we can do something better for this earth 

It is like militery SSB..

Those who choose Allah like those who are Mili dajal hirawkan <a href="">1:39</a>.........m.
Bajirao was lucky he wasn&#39;t asked for 6 years of experience working under a Peshwa

Only chattrapati should have succeeded the throne The votebank system between peshwas and Chatrapati is very weakend As later peshwas were very corrupted and castist not compared as elder peshwas This weakened Maratha empire very badly

<a href="">1:31</a>

Jay Parshuram Jai Bajirao
Ranveer has to prove himself? Lol. It should be Bajirao.

Lots of respect from Belgaum, Karnataka 

Jai Jai Baji
Jnaab ahmed shah abdali (baba)
The great maratha

Actually  sripada roa has not asked for peswa post he recommended gangadhar Bollywood false history

Bajirao Mastani not Shrimant Peshwa Bajirao Ballal Bhatt |Jai Bhavani Jai Shivaji.
bajirao mastani-I am only bestertugrul ghazi-Am i joking to you?

It should be bajirao instead of ranvir .

Kata chota hei tab bhi chupta h.....kay MartaWhat swag u have legend....Love u bro️️
Now i see only SSR in this role :(

I support satya sanatan (which is also a youtube channel like your, the channel who only talks about the truth but YouTube banned that channel for one week..see what&#39;s the problem that we can&#39;t banned YouTube or boycott it but the thing I want to tell is what I can do I will surely do:1) I will only watch the same channel videos till this whole week2) I will spread this message to everyone so that if they also want to help they can also do the same3) If they have time for our country then if possible then they should also spread this message to all...I till now spread this message to more than 1000 YouTube channels.. It&#39;s the time to check which YouTube channel and their members are  how much helpful for this kranti... thanku

Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Bhrahman shskti

The greatest Indian warrior

Jay Peshwa,Jay brahmins..
It is better that this Maratha does not die before the Turks otherwise her name will be erased from history.
Best interview ever.

Proud to be maharashtrian

Brave man

Bajirao peshwa amar rhen
Everybody gangsta till mehmood ghaznavi enters hindustan
Jai Bhavani️️️️🇳🇪🇳🇪🇳🇪
<a href="">2:24</a> - India was enslaved because of people like them!

Not hindustan it&#39;s Bharat
The gret gret ..waror ...the gret maratha

Milind add up ️
1.18 &quot;One has to prove one's worth&quot; This thing was never given to Brahmins. Brahmins brought birth base work system.
Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaja ki Jai and Peshvi Nahi Ti Hai Marathi
Awesome

Greeting from Cochin Archery Academy.The Archery scene in the movie is epic...

Epic seen️️
Very Nice Video

Write Bajirao instead of Ranveer.
Worst direction and acting

Please all this movies are bullshit

Epic epic epic

Ranveer Singh did not justice to the Peshwa role.Peshwas were prime minister&#39;s.Ranveer looked cheap.Overacting.

If I reborn I would like to be as a Marathi

Wondedful expression of all the characters

Imagine Shushant Singh Rajput in this role

Ranveer or Bajirao?
Dislike Mughal's son
Whats the sound when he arrive!???? What instrument is that?????

You don’t have to agree with me but I think Milind Soman should have played Bajirao.  He definitely would have looked the part, has the charm and personality. All he’d need to have is the marathi accent. There is so much of unused potential there

Samrat Asoka, Akbar, Chhatrapati Shivaji - India desperately needs a leader who is an amalgamation of these three great kings. They were the true benchmarks of the word INDIAN. History never lies, India prospered under their reign.

Long live Peshwa Bajirao.
I salute Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj. Long live Chhatrapati Shambhaji Maharaj.
Sheepeater's ass..
Really that’s so big scene

After 2 doses of weeds effect...druggist

Bajirao I is one of the greatest generals that the world has ever seen.. respected by even by the British army generals who criticized India for being so divided. Bajirao can be compared to Alexander for being young and being one with his men on frontlines but just leave it to bollywood to waste such an opportunity to create a classic military movie and degrade it to a love story

Can someone please explain the issue between peshwa and mahars? Something related to the last rites of Sambhaji? Please explain the recent bhima koregaon case

Ranveer Singh is the best actor for historical films

Jokar h sala

Bajirao Peshwa was a great warrior 
This thing can also lead to civil war
Like

I am imagining SSR in the scene, he would have done magic and created history

I am eagerly waiting for a movie about Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj..... Jai Bhagwa Swaraj 
Why it is written ranveer has to prove.cant you say peshva shreemant Bajirao

peshwa urdu ya english mn kisy bolty ? Chief of army staff yaaa king, right?
Awesome Movie! Representing Great Maratha
Baji Rao pride of Bhatt Brahmins
Our land, our rule, only one dream of Kshatrapati Shivaji Maharaj...??????
Till Deepika entry movie was awesome

<i>Music behind is more than awesome</i>

Shrimant Bajirao Peshwa ️️
Sorry but if u think shushant can do bajirao role batter than ranveer then ur foolish

I thought I will be there wow what a scene

are drug kha ke to koi bhi shot de sakta hai,, dum hota to media face karte

All women should bring her aon like baji rao ji
The credit goes to director 

Milind Soman remarkable acting.....

Hail Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj.....
Indian: Only in MoviesReality: Muslim ruled India for 1000 years.

Mughal saltanat zindabad,Hindustan zindabad
Super acting by ranveer Singh ...

Mughals still don't want to eat anything because of this  Keep showing all these bakchodi in movies bss 
Bastards, Bollywood people destroy historical stories
From Attock to Cuttack, only one saffron, Swaraj of its Lord Chhatrapati
Ranbir would take drugs more than Deepika.
The great Marathas

Jai Bhavai jai Shivaji 
Ranveer and Deepika has to prove himself before NCB

BGM.. Is copied from malayalam movie BABA KALYANI

Hey Ranveer ji, what shameful thing did Deepika do, you really feel ashamed 
Jai bhavani
Remove Ranveer and put Bajirao in place of Ranveer.

Chutya hero
Ranveer Singh pura bhand hai iss scene maiAur logo ko y intense actng lgti

That's why Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj always used to say... one lakh army on one side and Bajirao on the other side... then I will choose Bajirao without hesitation!!
Dragster Ranvir singh ghatya inshan

Best bgm me har bar bgm hi sunane ata hu
One of the masterpiece movieToo fast growing Ranveer sir

Best acting Rani

Best acting song Rani
Only and onlyRajput and Martha

I proud of of hindu brhamin.

Some Maratha warriorsChatrapati Shivaji MaharajChatrapati Sambhaji MaharajBaji Prabhu DeshpandeTanhaji malsureSadashiv Rao PeshwaHambirao mohiteChatrapati shahuji Maharaj
It taught us do work with heartily with brain 

Maratha not just a name....Its a BRAND 
He is a just good actor but also Bull from bullywood, Ye movie Sushant ko offer huyi thi

Charsi got a good role
Just like Byju&#39;s and unacademy - if there was a personal one to one online class to learn sanskrit and true indian sanatan history from a certified expert, would you take such a class or enroll your children into such a class for Rs. 500 per class?Comment one of the belowA: YesB: May be, if fees was lesserC: No. I will learn from youtubeD: I don&#39;t want to learn

Shouldn&#39;t the title be &quot;Bajirao has to prove himself&quot;??????

And now what&#39;s happening to Bollywood is maratha pride is hurt finally... Drugs, underworld, mafia, politicians, nepotism..

Bajiav did not show Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj doing Mujra.
Sala cockaine addict
Mara kesy tha yeh ni btaya

This one scene alone is enough to show someone how talented ranveer singh is!!

Dislikes from the ️uslim descendents of Mughals

Wowwwww

Love peacful Hinduism ️️ but f@ck radicial Hindutva of Bjp and Rss
Manish command nice video

<a href="">02:32</a> ranveer moved forward <a href="">03:16</a>. Location changed: Our warrior used to move even the ground, Jai Veer Baji Rao.
Don't ever doubt the sight of the bird or the sound of Baji Rao, there is power of the mother.
If you want to see the future, you should never do it in the patriotism of Martha.. If you are in the dark, then look at the future.
Jai Jagdamb Jai Shivaji
If pant pratinidhi was the one who gave the challenge, then he himself also would&#39;ve known how to overcome it, thus, even his knowledge of shastra and shaastra  would&#39;ve been amazing.

Who is here to watch best scenes of films?

Those who like diss must be idiots
This like can mc and care h
Jai Brahman Bajirao Peshwa jai Army of India
Jai ho brahmin ser ki
Bajirao Peshwa was a very brave undefeated warrior, we are proud of him, Jai Peshwa Bajirao.
After the murder of Sushant Singh Rajput, I started finding this scene useless.
Don't doubt Ranveer Singh's acting from now on, he can beat you anytimeWhy would he die?
This Scene is better than Entire Panipat movie

Salute to Maratha patriots on behalf of Rajputs.
Jai mratha

31 million views? only Ranveer can do this

Bajirao Peshwa name he is quite
A little Correction:Bajirao has to prove himself to become Peshwa and not Ranveer

That entry of ranveer is like a boss

Chutiya see Kam nhi ye hero
murti chor
Ek taraf aise veer yodha leader the desh k aur ab sirf phenknewale aur jhuthe log leader ban baithe hai

Those who dislike will be treated as plastic insects.
How many times, you see this scene,, everyone I feel wow, the whole scene is blessed by Bajirao

That the kaattar hindutva

Mere ko is khnchkkr ki skl hi psnd nh.

Agar Charrarpati Shiva ji is not hote toh sunet hoti everyone.
If Panipat had not been lost, a Marathi man would definitely have been the Pant Pradhan in Delhi today
Amazing music and dialogue

Ranveer&#39;s accent is 100%spot on

My god that archery technique is just so bad

This has to be the best movie and scene of all time RS killed it

I have come here to imagine ssr in this role....bloody Bollywood RIG (rot in grave)

Are you also going to dislike it? Justice for sushant singh rajput.
Bajirao was youngest and most successful warrior after Chatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj 
Adr

<a href="">1:19</a> This dialogue. As if coming straight from some ancient sanskrit text. &quot;Putr pita ki pagdi pehan leto usme pita ki budhhi to nahi aa jati&quot;&quot;Chandan ko sugandh dene ke liye ek umar ki avashyakta hoti hai&quot;Such deep meaningful lines. Hats off to dialogue writer.

JAT or Marathao ka bada special kisam ka DNA hota hai,,

Heartfelt salute to Maratha...Rajputs
overacting shop ranbeer saala dog
Only bhima Koregaon malum nahi kay

Our Earth, Our King Chatrapati Shivaji's one dream HINDU SWARAJ ️️️ When he heard this, he started crying and bowed his head in front of Shivaji Maharaj. Shivaji Maharaj saw this dream when almost pure India was under Islamic rule. It was said that no one could think like this but Shivaji Maharaj thought and did it. Those Marathes were the ones who marched ahead and left the Mughals in Delhi. In history, every threat came to the Hindu religion, Mother India gave birth to a lion like Shivaji Maharaj who once again gave birth to God. They will destroy the Hindus who came together.
Don't forget Bhima Koregaon, it was only 500 at that time.
The dialogues of this movie are awesome...️

Bhansali has only talked about the love of Bajirao ji and Mastani bai...but...what about their...valour...courage he has not told.
Jay Shivray
Jai Maharashtra!!
Wah... Wonderful Taking...️️️
Jay ho

I am Dalit but I know the father of Jihadi, I am a Hindu with pride, I am blessed to be my father who saved me from the children of Babaro Jai Sri RamJai BhawaniJai Sivaray
pancholi ha ha ha ha
i can just see sushant singh rajput delivering this dialog 

Ranveer just nailed itt

Hm Beshak

Eros now I demand write bajirao instead of ranveer Ranveer didn't go to prove himself whether he is Peshwa or not Respect Bajirao 
Yarr Ranveer has lived this character.
Combat Archers never used to aim or hold as it creates tension in body plus chaos of war never gives enough time.Also stance is wrong and elbows are low means hands are trying to do hard labour which means arrow will hardly reach the target.Director needed to have better knowlegE

Bahubali is best

Just imagine SSR in Baji Rao&#39;s Character....SSR fans like thoko....
Super movie.
<a href="">0:43</a> Just feel the Power

<a href="">0:32</a> What an Honor to have someone give you a Intro Like that by themselves

I was thinking, Mahesh Manjrekar will say, Teri maa ki...! 

Gotta give it to Sanjay Leela Bhansali. He also did the awesome music for this movie.

Bajirao mera mast land
Jai shivray
Jai Hindu Raj!
The son of a Mughal who dislikes 10k will understand.
<a href="">2:06</a> Portrait of Chhatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj (left side)<a href="">3:10</a> Portrait of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj (in the background)

Kata chota ho jabbi chubta hai koi manta
The power of Brahmin

Goosebumps..

Sushant has to prove himself for becoming Peshwa

Superb quality  direction 
Jai Brahman vaad
If in this movie hero is sushant then he is very huge in todays date .and jo bi agree ho like kare!!!!!

Peshwas did you RememberThe Battle of Koregaon And the Warriors️️️
Bhai ya movi or song gjjb hai jay maratha

I don't know any thief and I don't know anyone but he has to fight for the one who won 71 battles'.
He is not a king who treats his subjects like animals. The Untouchable
Loda Lahsan

<a href="">2:57</a> he should have kept  the blade of his arrow&#39;s tip in a horizintal plane and not vertical , to increase the chances.

Ranveer entrance shots are awesome at god level

Maratha warriors 

bajirao mastani and tanhaji are two great movies of maratha dynasty

I am Hindu proud of hindu

Ranvir Singh
Yeh banda social media main jo bhe kare ..But camera on hotte he .actor jag jatta hai jo sabse alag  aur absolutely awesome.

Chutiya is visible
Jai Bajirao
We are not observing the super model milindsoman his performance also elevated scenes

The arrow scene gave me goosebumps!! Har Har Mahadev!!

Free Jio tune

Sushant ka movie tha ye

Why do you overact so much brother?
After <a href="">0:44</a> secs damn entry from bajirao.

Par logic gai tel laane
️ Har Har Mahadev 
Here was to be Sushant in ranveers place ..

Hail Shivarai Hail Jijau Hail Shambhu Raje Hail Maharashtra
maghaloon say 500 year jootiyian khan's baad filmoo say tasli lety howay hahahaha please make a movie on modi ji's ladakh walli victory now bahi ab hahahahaha
This film is a masterpiece.......️️️
Sastr k sath sstr janevo bramn
He said jdd p var kro to bda s bda ped bhi gir jata h bt mor pankh to vaisa ka vaisa hi khda tha

Jay bhavani jay shivaji the great maratha

Dude that&#39;s milind soman

nice movie

There is a lot of imagination in this
I&#39;m from tamilnadu....proud to  maratha brothers bravery....samraj of Hindustan

This scenes is better than whole panipat movie

there is if prabas movie was awesome

Yahi to Khasiyat he Chatrapati Shahu (Kolhapur State) ke Darbar ki......Jo Pure Maratha Empire k liye Peshwa (Pradhanmantri) Chunte the.(not Even the Satara State). Kolhapur State Coat of Arms Contains 2 Cheetas.....4 Baaj &amp; 1 Sword (Talwar).......dat&#39;s why Dialogue is............&quot;Cheete ki Chaal ...Baaj Ki Najar...Aur Bajirao ki Talwar ......Kabhi Sandeh Nahi Karte.......Kabhibhi Maat De Sakti Hain........ &quot;

He wants earthquake from the earth, this is the prayer of our ancestors
Even if it hurts, it still hurts 
jai ho Brahmanvaad
Marathas fought with various Dynasties Adilshahi, Nijam of Hyderabad and off course biggest army of the world - The Mughals for almost 200+ long years ...to come to this level now.Dream started by Chatrapati Shivaji&#39;s father Shree शहाजी राजे...shaped by mother जिजाऊ and reached its Zenith in 1750.Countless Maratha men and women died to protect India in these 200+ year sNon stop war.... Modern day Maharashtra foundation is firmly laid by Social Reformer, Visionary, Secular King and Saints.Jay Màharashtra.

In year 2020 - Keep calm and follow the law in all activities you do daily.Start with simple traffic rules, environmental care, don&#39;t spit... respect constitutional rights, care about your city...No need to take weapons in hand...no need to boil your blood.Jay Màharashtra

Where did those who dislike the video come from  Jai Shivarai 
Why this are saying Ranveer proves why they Giving credit to ranveer I like his acting but the title of video should name BAJIRAO Not Ranveer he was not in historyJai bhavani Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj ki Jai POWER of maratha

Ranveer 
Oh.. Bahubali 2 scene copied from here ...

<a href="">3:09</a> kya chutiyapa h ye 
searching for ssr

I don&#39;t understand the whole movie was filled with dialogues to eliminate the Mughal Empire but they didn&#39;t show anything like that. The end of the movie was great but I thought it would be kind of war between Marathas and Mughals. I mean if the climax of the movie isn&#39;t concerned about the Mughal then why you just brought it up for no reason.

Bad acting for ranveer singh
Bekar movie...  Third class

Sanjay Leela Bansali is an afloat film maker. Every shot of his is amazing.
No,Bajirao has to prove himself to become Peshwa not Ranveer. 

Mala rs na deun jail made takaychi tayari kanhayanchi ramabchi ani indranchi harwaysati ka ter tyana bheta nahi mahanun mi madhala marg uposhan kadhalay nyalayalayalahi lihalay maje rs ggetat notice pathwawi bhadhi ghet ahet
Ashramachya nawaeer patra pathwat ahe tu mayani 11500 rs kadhalet ani radhani tewa maje uposhanche patra yeil 2 maasat
Jai Shivaji... Jai Jai Sambhu Raje... Har Har Mahadev
Ranveer Singh, no matter how much you wear it...except dialogue, you are nowhere near Bajirao...only dialogue but you.
one hero who acted as Dhoni has committed suicide. Next RANVEER? Wait for his time. SAME AGE...

Each seen of this picture is wow itis amazing.

Wht the fuk .that music is just sick.Seedha humkho uss duniya mai lay giyaa.just mesmerizing awesome

Mughal was great and always will be. Read history and you will understand who  helps india to grow and make it strong against enemies.Maratha  used to rob there own people for money.Real enemy of india was maratha not mughals .

Jay Shivray
it should be like this Cheeteh ki chaal Baj ki nazar aur Bajiro ke bow and arrow pe sandeh nahi karte...lolz

Great scene...watched many times

Shahu is only 38 yrs old in 1720. Here in this movie he looks like above 50

Bajirao missed the arrowThe whole darbar:The maharaj himself:The opponent:Me:

Marathas freed INDIA from ISLAMIC Mughal Rule .It&#39;s Similar with Russians freeing Southern Europe from ISLAMIC Ottoman Rule .

Friends, I have seen thousands of times but there is no boar.
Full movie upload plz
Better, than, dilwale

<a href="">3:10</a> Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj portrait in background.
I watch a lot of anime, a lot of my favorites are gone, but there is no freshness like an Indian movie.
The dream of the soul and the corner of the mind are not the direction to lose but the direction of the soul to become.
does anyone also hear them say,,&quot; Arre yaar &quot;.@ <a href="">3:12</a>

please bajirao mastani movie upload karo sir please

Brahman is decided by height of his consciousness, not by birth.

romanchak

Filmy dunya k hindounMaa chudwabey ka waqt aan pohncha hai tumaharaLadaakh &amp; kashmer first Sara hinustan last
Jai Ayachak Brahmin
Superb action by ran- veer entrance awesome no words to say Bathe niyari bath karne

Maratha Empire at its zenith. May be because they went beyond boundaries with global view in mind. A lesson for today&#39;s india. Businesses needs to go global and   just like what the China did.

This one scene speaks the volume about this movie. May be the best one in recent times.

He was such a great warrior fought for truth against people who used to kill people because they were hindu but those reality is never shows

He is so much like me :-D

snajay leela bansali, rajkumar irani, ss rajamouli . undoubtedly the finest directors of Indian cinemas.

How much overacting does Ranveer do?
I born in brahmin family and now I deleted the word brahmin from my mind and now I&#39;m just hindu...   Jiye ga bhi mare ga bhi hindutat..... Tere liye

One of the finest entry scenes of world cinema.

Har Har Mahadev
Jai bhavani


Our greatest warriors, born out of this soil...Samudragupta, Chandragupta, Shivaji, Bajirao .....have always been ignored by our History books, but Invaders(Mughals..others) who only destroyed Hindu temples and made mosques over them are celebrated by our History books!! How long should we deal with lies......

You get motivation and also the passion to fight your problems. from this type of video
Hindu sab ektha ho tho Duniya may koi asha desh naye Bharat desh jeet shakey ............ please support Hindu dharm make hindustan will be strong

Good

Rongte khade ho gaye

Confidence level %
Best

I have seen this 1000 times

@pune

aur wo teer maratha samrajya ka...

Koja gandu ranvir bht bdsurat ugly personality over actor

Voice is not good of ranveer without voice dialogue has no meaning

Bajirao peshwa was one of the greatest personality in Indian history.

Panipat may want to hide Ranveer tha like kar bhai log
Arjun Kapoor should learn from Ranvir Singh.

A man who fought innumerable battles and wars and lost none...... But bollywood idiots reduced his legend to a love story...

Sikhs, Marathas, Ahoms and Maharana Pratap were the ones who fought against Mughal tyrants

Ranveers acting is greatst

Great maratha

Ranveer Singh Solid Actor hai yar 
Dislike karnay wale katwe hogan Bhen Chod.

Jai Shivaji Jai Bhavani
I am from Kerala... Har har mahadev

<a href="">4:10</a> I&#39;ve never seen anyone look so constipated

Aise mehatvapurn bhoomi par palgar jaise sadhu ki maut se bahot dhuki hu mai....wat is the use of having great history like dis where in present sadhus r murdered brutually

The rise of an extraordinary actor-- Ranveer Singh

G

Hindu senator 
Jai Bajirao Peshwa
<b>James Grant Duff in his &quot;History of Mahrattas&quot;:</b><i>It may be truly said that, Bajirao had both, head to plan and hand to execute.</i><b>Jadunath Sarkar says in his forward to “Peshwa Bajirao I and Maratha Expansion”</b><i>“Bajirao was a heaven born cavalry leader. In the long and distinguished galaxy of Peshwas, Bajirao Ballal was unequalled for the daring and originality of his genius and the volume and value of his achievements. He was truly a carlylean Hero as king- or rather as Man of action.’ If Sir Robert Walpole created the unchallengeable position of the Prime Minister in the unwritten constitution of England, Bajirao created the same institution in the Maratha Raj at exactly the same time.</i><b>Sir R. Temple says in “Oriental Experiences”:</b><i>“Bajirao was hardly to be surpassed as a rider and was ever forward in action, eager to expose himself under fire if the affair was arduous. He was inured to fatigue and prided himself on enduring the same hardships as his soldiers and sharing their scanty fare. He was moved by an ardour for success in national undertakings by a patriotic confidence in the Hindu cause as against its old enemies, the Muhammadans and its new rivals, the Europeans then rising above the political horizon. He lived to seethe Maratha spread over the Indian continent from the Arabian sea to the Bay of Bengal. He died as he lived in camp under canvas among his men and </i><b><i>he is remembered among the Marathas as the fighting Peshwa, as the incarnation of Hindu energy.</i></b><b>British General Bernerd Montgomery in his </b><b><i>Concise History of Warfare</i></b><b> :</b><i>They(Marathas) were at their best in the eighteenth century, and the Palkhed campaign of 1727-28 in which Baji Rao I outgeneralled Nizam-ul-Mulk, is a </i><b><i>masterpiece of strategic mobility.</i></b><b>Shreemant Peshwa Bajirao Ballal Bhat</b>The Undefeated Maratha Warrior 

Ranveer is delivering the dialouge n im feeling like im going to be the   panth!

Jai Shiva Ji Maharaj 
Kon kon lockdown me enjoy kr rha my favourite all times this movie love u bro

Great Peshwa Bajirao
BC sari zindagi hindu gulam he raha ab bus movies may sara hindustan fatah krain gay chutia salay
Bajirao Peshwa was really a miracle.Very strong n aggressive personality.

Jai Shivaray Maratha
One of my favorite scene starring Ranbir singh

Ancient Hindu people had understanding of both scriptures and weapons. But now the situation is different. If we want to make India great, we will have to try that action again.
Lund

Is there the full movie with English subtitles?

The rights of both Hindus and Muslims on the soil of India. Muslim kings have committed many atrocities but today we cannot punish our countrymen for the murder of history. Our Sanskrit and Sahibiyata have further improved due to the influence of Persia, as have our use of Urdu words in our tongue.
If you want to watch the film - South - Rajamouli book story North - Bhansali real story..
I wish Aurangzeb's family would be like him and Maratha would never come to India.
Who is here after Tanhaji : The Unsung Warrior release.

I have saw so many actors who has played Marathi hero but only Ranveer Singh has adopted the Marathi accent.

Gohil

K m gohil

Gohil

Maratha only
What a bgm

Delhi also sank
<a href="">4:08</a>.....The ambition in his eyes !

Best

Music hi killer hai bosss

Ranveer has acted in films. No one can match him.
<a href="">1:31</a> for epic dialogue

  

Mughal saltanat aaj v jeevit hai humare bich 

Nice

Best motivation for me to go forward

Jai Maratha Jai ​​Shivaji
Jai Parshuram Ji ki…Jai Brahmin…Veer maratha RUN
Rajiv urf ashok urf Prem etc

True

You have nothing

I&#39;m mastani
Bajirao you
Stragery is with me

Bhosdi k Maharashtra mai y Arabic music kyu chla raha chutiye director
Best entry ever

<a href="">1:54</a> peeche bhagwan ram ki tasveer hai

Har Har Mahadev

This proof that Ranveer is hungry and he love what he does  you can call him joker but you can&#39;t deny that he is one of the Greatest

Tanhaji and Bajirao Mastani are the best movies in this genre.

Watch his marathi ascent.

What has happened here has happened here and will happen in the future too, for every Kshatriya there is a Brahman Guru.
Goosebumps kise kise aaya
mindblowing scene

What a joke

Wow

I am a big hrithik fan.but gotta admit Ranveer Singh is very talented and most versatile actor in Bollywood

Teacher - Acha - Hi - Mile - Aap Ko!Chaha Kar Bhi - Suna Nahi - Unkein - Kamals!
Banana Nahi  (Hide Ko - Jaan Na Tha - Sui - Saheb)!
Make it!
Every time i watch this scene I get goosebumps

filmay bana k khush hojio real main to the is fantastic hojata hai

Chatrapathi Shivaji Maharaj ki Jai...Shivaji Maharaj Amar hei Hindustan ki log ke ke ke dil hai mein hai........Hum sub Hindu aur Hindustani hei bhai log...Hindustan Zindabad...... Jai Bhavani Mata........ My India is great......
My ancestors Jai Maharashtra !!
President of Empire will be decided by MPs of Parliament of Empire from within them with Final approval from Emperor me.......Alhamduallah Inshallah......

Bajirao mastani.... Best moves
Jai maratha

Who is here after Seeing Panipat.

Super scene &amp; dialogue


Chite ki chal baj ki najar or baji Rao ki talwar pe sakh nahi karteBest dialogue ever
And this is how 4 min of excellent dialogue without vfx beat the crap out of entire panipat movie

Har Har Mahadev
Hence LHS=RHS Proved

In this movie, Ranveer has set the acting criteria which will be used for 1000 years till no one will be able to move.
Chite's rice or eagle's sharp glance ???
I dont know why everyone sings prasies for Ranveer he was acting like a child nodding head and saying stupid dialogues like cheete ki chaal and stuff him turning 180. Peshwa Bajirao was a great warrior why should a great warrior be potrayed by such a childish actor

Ranveer song was the best actor

one of the most powerful scene

Why is all this missing from books??
This Man Peshwa Baji Rao, never got the true credit in history and its sad. Shivaji and Peshwa Bajirao, the two greatest Marathas ever born were the true architects of Maharashtra and Marathi culture. Shivaji made it strong and Baji Rao spreads in entire India. Shivaji Raje did get his credit in history but Baji Rao did not get it. It&#39;s high time we should make this man famous.

Like For 2020

Very nice mandloi miss you

Hahahaha.Tum bahubali nahi ban saktey,ranveer singh
Tattya topey saab par b movie ban ni chaiye
who is here in 2020 .........  !

The children of the one who opened the salwar on the sword of the Mughals are not visible here.
Very hard hard
Jai Brahmno
Har Har mahadev

Jay Peshwa Bajirao
Delhi Cha takta rakhato Maharashtra majhya
Jai Hindutva... Jai Shri Ram
very beautiful thought
1 January 1818

Jai bhavani
ISI KE AGENT ANEEL MUSARRAT KE SATH PARTY KARTA HE YE RANVEER SINGH LONDON ME. ISKI BIWI DESHDROHIYO KE SATH KHADI REHATI HE J.N.U. ME........................WAKAI GAZAB KI ACTING KARTE HE MIYA BIWI.  THODI BHI SHARM HO DESHBHAKTO TO IN DESH BECHNE WALE ACTORS OR ACTRESS KO PEHACHAN JAO.................................DONO HI MADARCHOD HE.

Such a great iconic king got killed because of a Muslim girl.

Ranvir is best actor in industry

Agar Koi person ko job ke liye interested hai to mere what&#39;s up no pe &quot;job&#39; likhkar msg send kar de.Salary: 18k- 28k.What&#39;s up no 7987302563.

Jai ho brahmin bajirao ji
Maratha Empire
Par main is talking nonsense about the film because this is the dialogue actor to bariya but this is the anti hindu motive of bollywood meaning warrior veer ko in bollywood has made my crazy lover true mainly that is why I have watched more south movies because south The industry is more patriotic and racist than Bollywood but the dialogue of this film is very poor.
Bajirao not Ranveer Singh write title properly

Ranveer the ganja Loda

Jai Shivaji...
Not ranveer but bajirao had to prove to become peshwa 

Medieval India was such an epitome of power. Such grace and royalty, sadly it broke down...

who actor in panipat is not suitable guys hnna

then their is arjun kapoor.....

Balaji bajirao- the fighting peshwa️
I highly doubt if the Chhatrapatis were living this lavishly

Fabulous entry
The legend who never lost a war in his life... Bajirao Peshwa

Her powerfull entry
Goosebumps bitch!!!!!

Reading the comments box seems to show how useless or dirty your thoughts are against Muslims.
Wah Wah Ranvir
Master piece of Bollywood movies

BEST SCENE FOREVER 
If there is any movie based on King Ashoka , you know who will do it better 

Har Har Hindutwa...

i am die hard fan of bajirao
Bajirao also attacked Jad but the tree did not fall!!!
The head nodding expressions of ranveer is priceless.

Yv

Everyone is awestruck by Ranveers acting but Mahesh Manjrekar did a good job in this scene as well.

Great actor

Had Chhatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj been there, the Mughals would have fled from India. Our Lord was killed by deceit.
Bharat

Bajirao 1 one of the greatest warriors the world has ever seen, he won nearly entire indiand stamped the authority of maratha and Hindu swaraj on Indian region, mughals and nizam  were threatened of bajirao, he didn&#39;t lose a single battle in his entire career.  We as Indians are blessed to have warriors like bajirao peshwa..

Jay Shivray 
BAJIRAO.. KI JAY
Lol too late Ahmad Shah Abdali came to India 17 times if you guys did have any true warriors he would have been stopped the very first time he came and not go and come back 17x.

Don&#39;t present wrong history. Mughals was ruled on marathas and all india.

Yhi acting panipat me hoti to.....just imagin

The deeper politics/conspiracy might have been this : Bajirao and &#39;his&#39; team already knew about the test. So while placing the feather, the broken part might also have been added. &quot;Pehle se thora chota hai&quot; is just a distraction to convince people, similar to any magician&#39;s trick. He still needed to show his prowess by hitting the clay which he did. While everyone gasps at something spectacular, a smart guy simply steals the show with his talent.

I'm sorry
Shreemant Bajirao Ballad
The great bajirao peshwe
Excellent introduction scene of Bajirao. Outstanding performance by Ranveer. He lived in the character.

I&#39;m really so grateful I can now support my family thanks to, look up in Google this excluding gaps <b>FunOnline Work .c om</b>

Entry jabardast..and music superb...

Brother...
Because of Ranbir Singh the movie became hit otherwise history knows the doglebazi of M. R. A. T. H.

All Indians are warriors . Let it be Marathas , Sikhs, rajputs and  many regional kings in every state has its own pride .Har har Mahadev 
Jai Bawani
Say with pride that we are Hindus.
Kdk

Direct roots pe attack kroge to ..branches gaand me guss jaengi..bhenchood chutiye .who agree

i saw this more than 500 times

Change the title to Bajirao has to prove...

Career best...
Arjun has to see ranveer performance

No1 can beat Sanjay leela bansali flims.. Looks very original
My only question  is why this scene is so epic?

All the wars are fought by rural peasant laborers tribals ...no king was great or tactful ...like now king is modi of india earlier was manmohan ,doesn't mean he is smart / tactful in whole india .very much like him Yes...but history is going to be made by Modi Manmohan Rahul
Epic

Are you father, what acting have you done Ranveer Singh ji......
not ranveer. its bajirao dope

Amr Joban besedin r cholbona &quot;&quot;&#39; Mon Amr chenlona Bujurgo Around... Manush r hobo kobea...
Only in film not a realty 
Now a days Indian forgot their pure language Hindi.

he proved unstoppable youngster should learn

Mughal princesses remained thirsty, of Marathas, of L***l!
Our bajirao is like this...we have seen the vampanthiyo disrobing the peshwaji.
Everything is perfect.... dialogue, expression, set , costume...

Best acting actor

@<a href="">2:56</a> doing Calculation in Mind1. Mayur Pankh100 Meter dur2. The speed of the vehicle should be 80 KM/Hour3. The tee should be pulled with one full hand4. No one walks in the court.5. Place the bow at a 30 degree angle to the target6. shoot
Bina soche samjhe panipat main arjun kapoor ko kaisee le liya nice for arjun but sad for us 

Sach me yaar ranveer was best than arjun

Ranveer had to prove?!

<a href="">3:52</a> Baji Rao must have been the first Marata to attack Delhi.

Look at the way he is walkingSuch boldness and strength even in his walking style

Don't doubt the speed of the cheetah, the vision of the eagle and the sword of the eagle can ever kill.
The dislikes must be from the descendants of Mughals and Bijapur Sultanate

Arjun kapoor, am I meme to you
<a href="">02:02</a> Padmaavat BGM
Also, the best acting in Mahabharat is done by those actors who have not done historical acting.
Milind soman should do more period roles

Don't doubt Chite's gait, Baaz's gaze and Kalki's talent... Always and always the mother is the power!
Best movie I ever watch 
I am watching after panipath and tanaji trailer, Ranbir had done great Job

Super Hero
Ranveer has to prove himself as Peshwa : WRONGBAJIRAO has to prove himself as Peshwa : RIGHTShrimanta Bajirao Peshwa wrote what are your hands falling off??
Who Ranveer Bajirao came there, Bajirao proved himself
Don&#39;t scroll just go and put ur phone in another room

Don&#39;t scroll just go and put ur phone in another room

Awesome music

Is this movie a historical movie or a historical movie....ekdum reality
amazing dialogue
Bajirao is the peshva of MarathaRanveer is the peshva of Bollywood

hunduon ki chavi ko ganda aur dhumil karne k liye ye bhansaali jaise chor director hain industry mein

outstanding 
what an impact! hats off SLB and Ranveer!! Mind blowing

Jai Shri Ram Jai Hind Jai Maratha Bharat Mata Ki Jai

This Scene is far better than whole panipat trailor...

No doubt Brahmin are the bravest and wisest caste in the world.history is proof here.Jai PeshwasJai shivangi

Ranveer ..real Marathas Arjun.......aloo Paratha
<a href="">1:26</a> hind+martha flavour Nowadays many films are coming but hero has no maratha flavour on his tongue

<a href="">0:43</a>

Jai Peshwa Bajirao
Jai Bhavani Jai Shivaji
Ranveer is great actor because his dialogue is in beautiful marathi accent.

Who is here after Panipat and Tanhaji Trailers

I am the only one who thinks Bajirao is far better thn padmawat ?

Ranveer owns the scene! A good screen presence, and a realistic accent.

Who is here after tanhaji unsung warrior 

Bajirav dalit tha

This video is getting so many views these days. Big up Arjun for making ranveer more and more popular. That&#39;s what friends are for!!

Maratha

Dialogue has made it to Iconic Bollywood dialogues

You are ruining the Panipath movie.
Isko bolta hai acting and direction

One and only Ranveer Singh....

Jay maratha

8.1k likes is proof that the descendants of Mughals are still alive in this India.... Har Har Mahadev
Finally a better King coronation than Jon snow&#39;s king in the north..

Who is here after watching tatti acting by Arjun Prantha

Powerful scene and acting

One of the best films in recent years!!!

Why does the title say ranveer, should say bajiraoNp though love this scene

Har Har Mahadeb

Uss time bhi short colar wale dress hote the kya...kya mast fiting ki h ...ranveer singh 

badass entry
Brilliant actor

Ranveer Singh lengend in acting

Goosebumps....what a entry... superb acting ranveer ️
Poori movie upload kro please

Peshwa are Pradhan and Chhatrapati are king of Maratha Empire .someone are saying Peshwa are king.peshwa is a post given by Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj which is 2nd most important post after king.their are many Peshwa during the life of Chhatrapati Shivaji and Sambhaji maharaj.bajirao was Pradhan not king.

the epic line <a href="">1:32</a>

<a href="">4:26</a> that poster has more expression than arjun had in his whole Bollywood career

Pani pat bhole ho gaye ho.jb Ahmad Shah Abdali ny poiri marhatta power ko nabood tha.or marhatton ki sari sardar mary ho gaye thy.itni zillat amaiz shakist ho ho gaye ho.
The gait of the cheetah and the sight of the night's bat.
If Sanjay Leela Bhansali Sir was directing Panipat then it would have been Ranveer Singh in lead role

SLB has Masterfully directed this scene.  Phenomenal

Our ideals are only Shivaji Raje, Sambhaji Raje, Bajirao and Balasaheb. Long live Maratha Empire 
Who is here after panipath movie trailer ...just to feel better ...

Who is watching this video 2019 main hit like ️
Great: The Sand is Bharat, the feather is the mughal rule and the arrow is from Maharashtra. .

8.1k are &quot;pissfools&quot; dreaming about gazwa e hind.. 
Veer maratha

Those dislikes are from &#39;Panthpratinidhi  &#39;s family ..

How can one bear Arjun Kapoor for 3 hours after having watched such a masterclass from Ranveer!

He like Aditya Thackeray and  Old cm

In maratha army there is no castism,no hindu-muslim no dalit,  all are one

May be the greatest job interview of all time...Kamal hai shrimant bajirao peshwa waahh...what a vision for Maratha empire!!!

Ranveer Singh Fan
ranvir singh is the fine example of hard work and talent he is like virat kohlidoesnt matter how much he abuse and do funny things when he comes on field he show his perfection in Gamesimilarly Ranvir singh may dress up funny , participate in AIB but when it comes to Actinghe is damn serious and give his best

Period films are made for sanjay leela bhansali, ranveer, Deepika, Priyanka and aishwarya.... Baaki sb please Mt try kro....

Ten time watch this seen...*Bajirao Masatani*

Superb action by the entire cast! Maza agaya!!

Nice

Hindu rashtra reloaded.

if we had won the battle of Panipat , Satara/Pune would have been the Capital of India.

Jai peswa muglo ki gand mari
Imagine ARJUN KAPOOR in this scene 

after getting hangover with panipat and refreshed my mind.. thank you ranveer all the best for kapil dev movie

who is script writter

ranveer&#39;s maharathi accent  very perfect....

I am damn sure This scene is way better than arjun kapoor whole performance in Panipat...

Bsdike Arjun Kapoor is said to be acting, maratha accent and great maratha character play, accent, body language Dekho perfect..Arjun Bhadwe
After Panipat trailer...?

It&#39;s not Ranveer who had to prove. It was the great Bajirao Ballal who proved himself. And it was the great Chhatrapati Shahu who picked this young gem from amongst very capable generals.

Panipat ke baad mood theek karne aya hu

The Peshwa i.e. Brahmin rule had inflicted so much oppression on the Dalits and backward classes that they wanted to get relief by joining hands with the British rule. 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳This Peshwa king had supported the Mughals against Shivaji.
Punjabi Ranveer did Marathi accent with so much perfection...

A warrior like Bajirao will not return Jai Shivarai
Detoxification after watching panipat trailer 
Panipat dekh k mood off ho gya tha, mood teek krne aaya hu.Now feeling great !

Who is here after Supreme Court&#39;s judgement
