<b>🌟DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE CORE WORKOUT NOW!!🌟</b><a href="">
I&#39;m having a panniculectomy done in April so I have 2 months to get my core in shape what do you suggest

I love it.  Thank you Coach!
Coach Brian, any advice or training videos for people who wan abs but have a hiatal hernia? I watch your 10 min sitting down ab video and 10 min standing ab video, but because of my severe hiatal hernia, I&#39;m limited in some of the exercises, and how well I can pull them off, particularly exercises involving lifting my legs. Thanks for the videos!!

Great video. Your abs are amazing. Always work them shirtless.

its not real

fake bro cant build abs

Like these subtle positions

SIX-PACK ABS WITHOUT MOVING?ARE YOU SERIOUS?!PLEASE CORRECT YOUR DESCRIPTION.

Already incorporate the palloff press in a standing ab workout but love these variations! I&#39;ll be adding them just for something different.

Hi I have a question that I already asked under a video but you did not answer (a follow along butt workout). For the butt workout, is it better to work the same exercice several times (for example 3 sets) before beginning an other exercice OR is it better to make a circuit with differents exercices and repeat all the circuit ? Sorry for my english I am french. Hope you will answer. Thanks for your great channel! Lise

Videos as always very useful! it would be interesting to be able to see a metabolic circuit with the sole use of a tire !!.-)

I&#39;ve never heard of the pallof press before. And I sincerely apologize if I&#39;ve misspelled that. I like the idea of working your core. And I believe that this helps your spine. And I really like the different variations that engaged different muscles. But my question is do you do this on both sides?

Thanks 🙏🏾
Nice! Happy new year to all at Critical bench! I do not know if here is the right place to ask. But, do women can actually gain size on their butt?

Great video. Sometimes it’s the smaller things that can make all the difference to our physical health.

I&#39;m waiting for the abs without effort or exercise video lol

Thanks for this exercises Coach

Too much talking 😓

Definitely want your abs
