Feliz April Fool&#39;s Day    :v
This is wrong fake than a rainbow in black and white sepia
How false, no one is going to believe that.
me in 2023 which moana 2? 
What a good edit 
This is more false than when I covered up my cousin
God calls, they threw you out of the bus  
I'm from 2023 and there's no Moana 2
This is too false and the worst thing is that I believed it, it's a false montage, really, this trailer has practically been around for three years and nothing has happened and I, who was excited, was totally disappointed, I really hope that Disney releases movie 2 but that's false don't believe it
Put the real one XD
It is false to use the copy in Max's world
Sofia's edits
Es re falso se re nota

Disgusting that is false
Q falso

lol eggs
Nobody absolutely nobody: people believing this in 2020 ️️
When the movie Moana 2, Mónica Naranjo's Daughter, is released on Friday, December 9, 2022 in theaters and very soon available on Disney Plus and also in Golden Premiere Only in theaters
This is false, I don't think it's a dislayk for that reason
That movie is fake now because Disney is not going to do the other movie Moana 2
is it rear or not
It's already 2022 and nothing happened tooontooos (don't believe lies guys)
What !uuuh! Hahaha how funny
Happy April Fool's Day
You just copied scenes and pasted them into another video
This is real, my family and I saw Ivan do part 2 for real.
Vrg what the money did and the views on these types of channels that happened to them before were good....
Too bad it's fake, don't play with feelings like that okay hahahaha
Ha ha don't suck with your video
I only liked the music
Wow very bad
jajaja la vida secreta de tus mascotas XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
This menu only tells lies
He must have played a joke on us
JAJJAJAJAJAJAJ
It is edited
XD that's a lie
I'm going to dislike him, he lied to us 
it seems to be false
Very realistic sebe
amirmana loves that movie a lot
We are exhausted
Me seeing it in 2021:v
ez rEal More false than her love :&quot;v
this is more false than your sister
More for a XDDDDDD
re edited but I liked it hahahahahahaha
es refalsode remate

this is the most false
You knew it was edited, right?
This is from the secret life of your pets
And this is supposed to be
yes yes yes of course and I live in Canada in the state of Florida
As real as my date with Jungkook.
That looks so fake
it's more false that the cat noa is not real :v
moana2 doesn't exist
This is faker than my aunt's makeup
Xd

What liars, that's a setup
aria that is balla la mis ma ber
It is more false that I would see the same ass of his mother and I was excited
What real scammers, the setup is HORRIBLE, don't believe the guy, there isn't a MOANA 2 YET, it's more false than the love she feels for you gil
What a stupid thing
What a lie
It is created by fans, it is not real, everything is fake
Fw

Efect

Mentira

Until that Nora
Re edited
How false is this a joke, also because you can see the edges of the characters
more poop than very bad editing
is it supposed to be funny?
The most XD I have seen Xd
good editionsfraudster
People is a lie, it is made for entertainment purposes
False u-u it looks like I grab the dolls on YouTube on a green screen and a little bit average in the part with the orange trees it looks like in the Pets movie yes oh no like yes I'm right and very strange in the part where it is in the car bus up eh u-u
-_-

like if you believed it the first time
Good editing
It is noted that it is an edition
XD

You can see that the image is pasted 
These are stupid scammers
Yes I also think it's a joke
Oh they put the secret life of your pets: v
Ai they put pets
The shell doesn't believe it, not even the lies
Es falso

I stayed like thisWhen I found out it was fake, you left me like this
Es falso

But that was from the life of your pets but in moana what the hell XD
It's more false than telling your friends that: "We will always be together" F-A-L-S-O
false, they are only the signs of moana's lelicula
Faker than a piranha with 10000000 thousand legs
The trailer for Zootopia 2 is fake 
It is more false than videos of real mermaids captured on camera, 100% real, not fake xd
I believed it, this is all a lie
men it is clear that it is photoshop
again like shek's right
xd the background of the rio movie xd
Que asco. Prudete #######  tan. Falso

This is false, it shows that it is edited 
THIS IS MORE FALSE THAN HER LOVE 
They use scenes of pet secrets because she says this missing officer is more false than she loves you
Why a lot of clitbait today
The worst trailer in the world
That's a lie
Falso

This is very false, do not fall for these videos
This trailer that his aunt created
Sorry but that's montage :^
Fl

it fake

It's really true, I was going to believe it too but this is more false than I don't know what is false
Es muy falso

):/ more false than she loves you
false liar weee this is more also that I will always be with you and she loves you xdddddddddddddddddddddddddd
super mega false unlike sorry but this is false like moana ba to live in our time it's like saying gola moana can I be your friend you understand me
That's the most fake thing I've ever seen XD
This is all a lie, he just put the movie Pets in it and edited it.
This Video Is Faker Than Yao Cabrera's Stabbing
I feel really cheated :&quot;v
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Don't stain, this is ultra false, it's obvious at first glance. I was going to tell my mom why she likes Moana.
it's a lie 
ha ha ha. What a mess, how I fell 
When they ask you why you laugh so much, look xd hahahahahaha
  hahahahahahahaha
Those are all the scenes from moana 7-7
Mas falso :V

It's edited
It's super false, they took Moana's images and made a churreto trailer
Fake

This is faker than your grandmother's teeth
I think he played a joke on us
ESTO ES LO MAS FALSO DEL MUNDO

This is more false than when she said she loved you.
I thought it was two
This is super false jsjsjjjsjsjs
this is more edited than shit
es falsoooooo

The stupidest thing is that I believed it hahaha
This is more false than her love
It's fake but well done :D
it is pure green screen
This is false
Hello, I want to see both of you, please, who can say good night to me, happy January 2021, 12
It's more fake than kick in the shell
This is the most false in the world
Nose si se dieron cuenta pero esta mas editado :vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
Liar, you can tell it's fake, you even put scenes from other Disney Pixar movies
Don't stain this, not even my grandmother believes it.
It's really fake and edited, I don't know why they like it, I mean, it's really bad
I knew it was real because Moana went to New York.
Really?
it is false it is edited
Don't worry
Lixo

The broken face on top of that is false, he didn't even put any effort into it. If you're going to lie, he lied very skinny.
you took the trailer of life of your pets 2 unfortunate
It is edited if you
This is false :/
This is more false, everyone noticed it and I was excited:&#39;&#39; &#39;&#39; v
This is crap
Es falso

Nothing like the first
False, they are pasted images
We want the person who published it to go to vrg is more false than knowing that 
Yajj q farce!!jejj
People are lies xd
Watafock with that trailer xd
:v it's more false than saying that I hate anime (because I love animeeeeeeeee) :v
It's fake but I love it
more fake than moana with the iphone 12
Faker than the wea
Wow that's good I love that rat
that is not possible
That trailer is fake, it is combined with another movie
What a fake
Es falso 

It's super fake, it has terrible photoshop
Super Fake, but they are making Moana 2 for real.
Disgusting
You can see the photoshop
They took the pet movie and edited it horribly
Falso

Shit
this is more false
You call this a trailer?
E montagem

It's well edited hahaha
Hei hei in the United States
J

This is fake, it's not Moana 2, it's the secret life of your pets. How is Moana going to have a phone? It's fake.
Falso

fake

false, they haven't done the 2nd yet...
It's more false than saying false
NAMA

They smoked to do this because I want that shit
Yes you know how to edit
It's not real
It is re edited
They scammed me, this is not Mohana 2, it's a movie in the background with Mohana's.
Es oficial????

what a liar you are. You can see that the characters are cut from the first Moana movie.
How false the video is only images what a video lie

I'm sorry for saying this but the trailer is obviously fake.
What even is this.

This is pure montage 
This is more false than him drawing together even the bones: v
Faslo fake finito failllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

This is a lie XD I just went in to see how bad the video was
Everything is false
I want what this man smokes 
Que falso

That is false
It's more false than her love: "v
But what a scam
It's the worst trailer ever.
It is more false than her love
PARECE EDITADO PORQUE CUANDO PONER LOS PERSONAJES TODAS SON DE MOANA UNO

Besides being fake, it is copied XD
This is more false than the rose of Guadalupe
NO LLEGO 2020

SHE IS A VEDADERA
NO PUEDE SUBIR UN VIDEO DE TOY STORY 4

ME VOY Y LE DOY NO ME GUSTA

ES TOTO

This is more false than telling your parents that you took first place: v
That's not moana two, I saw moana one and you put parts of the scenes
The story of the movie Moana is more that electricity existed and the Green screen is horrible (if you are going to create something at least make it cool)
This is more false than her telling you that she loves you :&#39;v
That is false
I hate fool's day
Liar that won't happen
É falso

what a setup hahaha
Que feo

What a botched video
<a href="">0:39</a> MAUI THAT IS FEMICIDE!!!! XD
Aho many trailersIf they try hard to fool foolsLots of editing
That is very false
That entry is from experts when its owners drink adventures
Oh my God, what stupid things
I believe you if they had done it bn xdd
Si

jajaj

It is more false that I want to be together again
Lie 
Hahahahahahaha nooo men udjsjdj check out the trailer yes
More fake than a 3 peso bill
If I don't get it, this is false.
Falso

Falso

That is a pure lie, a lie, more of a lie than other scammers.
They are from Moana and the secret life of your pets
More false :v
It's fake, it's from the city of the Secret Life of Your Pets.
Will that be true
I searched moana on Google, and this came up...
Is a fake

It's more false than when she cheats on you with another man
This is more fake than my tits
the trailer is a lie
Es falso XD

It's faker than my big penis
It is clear that it is a montage
It's a lie
And the worst thing is that it says "OFFICIAL TRAILER"
This is SUPER fake I hate it!
It's not real, it's fake because the bus accident you used scenes from the movie and pasted them there
Iso it in photo chuop
Es falso

Hahahaha I laughed at this deception
Pare. Se. Falso

wow without and it looks very believable
That's totally false, fucking crap ‍️
It's more skirt than love
Es fake
It sucks fake 
c mamo

That's false they put Moana in the secret life of your pets movie
Falso esta video

What a lie What a fool
Pure fallacy
Q mamon

high lie it is seen that you put a background
Nice montage
The most fake thing I've ever seen
: (

What ???are cuts from moana la normar and more they added the secret of your pets
That is more false than the vitamin in the fruit
That's a lie is edited by power director and that's the secret life of your pets
.

It's not real  we see the face
Is a lie
You only know how to upload falsehood, true idiot
This is more fake than my grandmother When she puts on a thong panty
This is more false than the relationship between you and her T.T
This is false because they are scenes from the movie
And I thought it was real 
With me, moana, you're in the city with a cell phone
This is false
I tell you the truth, you can tell that those scenes are cut, this copy of the movie
La wea fea wn xdd

It looks more fake than your relationship with her.
This is faker than my grandmother's teeth xd
iLeorju doesn't let you upload fake tracks from Disney trailers
I already knew it was fake, the background is from the secret life of your pets.
You know it's a lie
It’s fake

I don't know, Rick, it seems fake.
That's faker than my ass
No Le Se Rick, Parece Muy Falso :v

Why do they do this to me :,v
This is more false than your love
Falllllsoooooo

Don't think it's bad
Edits of fucking mother friend respect
mmmmm..... I have a slight suspicion that it is false, I don't know why, I think that, the truth
Que asco <a href="">0:40</a>
This is very false they took the landscape of the secret life of my pet
Fakeeeee &gt;:v

But it's not true that
Wow, really real wow XD
You already go too far krnal -_-
If it is seen to be edited, a scene from the secret life of your pets appears
What a big lie
Pure montage. They are not going to fool anyone
For me, the person who made the trailer was on drugs.
This one is more false like &quot; "the son of a pua"
Faker than my grandfather's hair
The video is fake, they put some copies of the previous movie 
Leorju now if you disappointed me
It's clearly a montage, the scenes are the same.
I don't know, Rick, it seems fake.
Que tonteria

This is not a Moana 2 trailer, it is fake and edited
This is false, it can be seen that it is edited and it also has Moana scenes. It is more false than a vegetarian eating meat.
There will no be part 2

That's false, they took it out of the secret life of your pets.
how badly edited this is, I don't like it
It is more false than that this channel has 2 million xd
Lol this is the scene from the secret life of pets
this is very, very bad
Faker than pewdiepie surpassing T-Series xd
Falter than my Happiness
More fake 
fake it's all fallllllllllllllllllllllllllllso
Otra wea falsa

I don't know, Rick, it seems fake.
That's even more false than what was included in part of the pet movie, that's super false, especially the thing about Moana and Mawiy in the truck hahahahaha 
How did you edit it, obviously that is taken from Moana 1 but wow, how do you do it bro
Is a lie
I love april fool&#39;s day because it&#39;s the excuse to make jokes <a href="">#Imissyou</a>

Officer my ass
Swindler
like if you realized it was fake
Es falso

This is crap
This is false and proves there will be no MOANA 2
How false, please, if Moana 2 was leaked 2 days ago
hahaha it's fake but good job for that joke hahahaha stupid
It's more fake than my imaginary friend
This is more false, the horrible poorly done transactions are very noticeable.
This is the most fake thing I have ever seen in my life.
It is the most false thing in the world than a lie
Wow, what a funny joke >:d
What a f#@%*~^rat :-*
this is more false
Que basura

el 2

It's the most fake thing in the world, the most copy of the secret life of your pets by Ja de jodeer loko is now available
This is more fake than BADABUN 
It's incredible that this channel has subscribers
It looks really fake.
That fake rraiñeras that I don't know
I didn't fall for that, I just wanted to be sure, and April Fools' Day has already passed.
This is more false than my dad coming back from buying cigarettes.
It's the secret life of your pets and moana
This is more fake than Lizbeth Rodríguez's boobs 
Lie!!!! That was in the movie
Mentira

He deserves a like for his effort XD
It's false, they only put scenes from the movie in another movie, which is the secret life of your pets. I'm disappointed.
What stupid 
It's more fake than badabun
But what is this
What a lie What a lie yours, that is, you are a liar There is no moana two you believe that all that is noticeable
Falso =_=

No it's not official
It seems that it is more tricked
SE NOTA QUE ES PEGADO  &gt;:l

Allso official spelled with only one F . . .    =P

It is more false than her love
It is more false until an 8 year old child edits better
This is false, not that I say falsesisisisisimoooo
Worst fake in the world
The pet trailer with some images of Moana hahaha
That's more false than the word itself XD XD XD:v
This is more fake than Karol G's boobs, go to hell $#@! I better not subscribe anymore
es.   mentira

Falsoooooooo

It's more fake than my tits (Rubius clarified: v)
Moanacndiasdalappellicullatres de moanaee disbonita
Please the second part
Like if you think it's a big lie
Because they ruin everything I love :&#39;&#39;v
 (without words)
Like if it's all lies and false
Hahahahaha how false
Super fake...:!
greetings here you can see <a href=""> the movie moana is complete and in good quality greetings
I believed it and besides I was excited haha ​​well happy April Fool's Day
Kkkkkkkkkk i love this fakes trailers

Extreme fake that's a pet parody
This is more false than me having a girlfriend
No is for moana,in pet!7-7

QUE FARSA

I'm not serious what the official trailer for Moaana is
From the tower the tower of freedom was shit if you see if you see! That's more false than it is my Caliph's fucking ass (I don't know how the hell it's spelled but okay mothers) if you're going to put something false, try to do it right, damn it.
100% fake but the truth is it would be cool if moana 2 came out
That's more false than saying that she does love you.
Hahahaha more fake than your girlfriend on February 14
Don't suck, I've already been illustrated but this is more false than 2X1 is shit, put effort into the animation
It's faker than me with boobs. :V
N9 moms lust you are sad just to get views and you don't even get them by giving false information
Falsoooooo

Falter than my desire to study on a Monday at 6 am
Puta queascoMore fek in the universe
False like when someone said to see a phoenix
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha this is false than nothing
HAHAHAHAHA I almost commented hate, until I saw April Fools' comment xd.
it's more than false it's false
In New York it's fake
Hey ileorgu it's not from Pixar it's from DISNEY NOT PIXAR
Esooo estaa confirmadoo
Falso

Please stop uploading this shit
Yes, I'm that one, good
Es falso

:V WATAFAK THEN MOANA BECAME A GANSTER :vvv
This is more false than exposing infidels from (badabun)
Falso falso falso

What fucking special effects is going to give me AIDS with that shit
They could have put more effort into making it look real 
Mas falso q tu amor

This is 100 percent real, not fake, obviously they did not use the scenes from the secret life of your pet, of course not as they think
Scenes from the movie The Secret Life of Pets and Moana agreed
This is more false because as the goddess would be there and when they threw Moana she was in the boat and you can see the white line, it is very false
Se ve super falso!

Es falso

OMG I can't imagine the movie is going to be super cool
Wow, it looks very credible!
This is so very false
I don't know, Rick, it seems fake :&#39;v
Moana is not from Pixar, it hangs
You see our stupid faces Leorju
es mentira

It is totally false, these are scenes from the movie A Secret Life of Pets
What was that
Lost illusions, and that is more false than Queen Elizabeth
You raffled it off :v
It can't be, I believed it
Then it turns out that the &quot;trailer&quot; for the bottom
Seriously, stop uploading those types of videos that no one believes and you still have the courage to put an official trailer?! what a disappointment you give me...
Fake

Es super mega falso

How funny
Hahahaha you took it from the secret life of your pets
Shrek 5 and Moana 2 omg what good movies
I don't know Rick it seems fake xd
I thought it was true
What a lie but a lie
What happened? Your videos are now getting worse, seriously, they're already disgusting.
you only excite people with your fake trailers
I know
This is false than the love she gave me: v
It's fake but I liked it and I've already seen it somewhere
This is super fake, an elephant with wings is more real
ALL THAT OBIA MIND IS GALSO
This is falser than your heart
C mamo in the minute <a href="">0:39</a> finally deskito mouwi:v
Hahahaha how fake
These scenes are from the secret life of your pets &gt;:v Pinshi liar:v
This is more false than my life :v (ok no)
It's more false than exposing infientesLike if you believed it I did
I don't know Rick stop fake it's the pet thing
Then it turns out that it is false
Falso jaja

False and false  how are they going to be in the city
That's more false than when your father said he was going for cigarettes.
Of course this is as true as me being by his side :&#39;v
This is more false than being with her :&#39;v
Why do people dislike it if it's a joke?!!
Can you pass me the song?
This shit is fake
I was surprised but it's false
Jajaja seas mamon

This is re-edited and it shows 
This is false
How did you go about joining two different videos? Is there something for Android that is similar?
You are fake the trailer
No, that's real hahaha boy let's see hahahahahaha
That April Fool's Day
this is more false than my crush :&quot;v
the fake wea
Que mentira

You can tell it's fake haha
It's the most fake thing I've ever seen!
but feig that know that
Wow, it's very credible 
It is False Then Then it is seen
It is the trailer of the secret life of your pets, you do it to gain views
What happened to you, before you uploaded real trailers
Mas trucho

I know this is a joke, but... Is Disney thinking about making Moana 2? I think it is not necessary
What the hell?!?!
whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat
Like si es falso todo

Fakeeee

It is false
More false than when your parents tell you I'm not going to hit you XD
Que mamada

Yes, I believe it :`v XD NAH IN GOOD FART Well edited :)
No crick it looks fake
Get to do something useful Leorju NMMS
This is more false than your subscribers, okno
Mas falso

This is real son .jpg
xd

After last year nothing surprises me anymore... ‍️
I understand the joke but it is a very bad joke
It's not even from Pixar
Asshole, do you think you're funny? &gt;:v
Your algorithm is mall
This is super false
This is more false than he &quot;stays&quot; pique to Neymar :&#39;v
Self real
Oh it's April Fool's Day  I was going to kill you  warn me first right? One gets confused 
This looks more false than my desire to live: v
7-10 and edit
April Fool's Day Dad: v?
It is more false than getting a 10 on the exam
I think we were scammed
Hey, I'm already excited
This is more fake than my... Oh no, I don't have anything fake hehe... No, I almost screwed it up &#39;:D
its not azjoke its real

Falso muy falso. 



How Moana is related to the secret life of your pets HAPPY APRIL FOIL'S DAY
This is kk
Wow, it is very credible
Fake

I don't even like Moana :v
It's more fake than me with a thousand subscribers :&#39;v
It looks like it was made with video rec master
The dislikes say it all.
I don't fall so easily &gt;:v
Hahaha I almost believed it xd
But what's wrong?
LIKE If Those Images Were Pets
You can see how false
It's faker than the love she feels for you
Q falso

You see, getting off your asshole
How funny
Oh yeah, not edited at all &gt;:v
Abril fools
You earned an unsubscription asshole
This is more fake than your face
Lol

I was excited for nothing
Total fake!!!
You resupermacroverguias wow
Wigles what do you think It's as true as your girlfriend But I don't have it Exactly
What is that stupid setup they did?
Is it Happy April Fool's Day?
This is more false than I love you from her
Es falso

Yes, very credible :V
Leave us alone
I was trolled, but I realized as soon as it started Hahaha
Ya sabia

Que mamada

It is false since it appears that the images are cropped. And also because they are the same scenes from the movie 
The worst thing is that it is already confirmed and it will not be in NY but in Latin America along with the new Latin princess.
This is faker than your elf's buttocks
This is false
Above You took it from the trailer of the secret life of your pets 1
Hoy si no me trolleas

That looks more fake than when she told me I love you.
Wow yes of course, it looks very credible :u
First
Fandub is good
This is more false than...
This is faker than my life
What an idiot I believed it XD
too much video in your fake xD
that is 100% fake
I don't know, it seems fake :v
I don't know, Rick, it seems fake
Que falso

Happy April Fool's Day :u
How fake
This failed
If you no longer have material, don't put out these falsehoods 
This is more false than me
It's more fake than my girlfriend :,v
This is very false
I warn you that it is FAKE because they are the same movements from the Moana Movie and you can see the cutout and the bad position at the end and it is impossible for them to be in New York :/
This shit ruined my day
Pero ke mrd
This is more false than badabun marrying infidels
This is more fake than my courtship
This is more false than... than... oh, I don't know, I just wanted to be happy 
How credible today is the day of jokes uploading a trailer wooooow
This is more fake than a 3000 Colombian peso bill
Good penis haha
me being scammed
This is more fake than the layman one day bought me
False is a combination of moana and the secret life of your pets;(
More false than I don't know what
This is fake, I thought it was a real trailer
Wow it looks so real xD
I was already wondering how Mona managed to live so many years to reach the 21st century.
I had too many expectations 
It couldn't be more false
This is more false than <a href="">amor.de</a> her hahaha
This is more fake than a $51.99 bill xd
At first I believed it but after a few seconds I remembered that today is April Fool's Day.
That's faker than Ariana Grande's hair xd
It's more false than your future with her
HAPPY PRANK DAY :VI already knew it because I uploaded a video for this day :p
Next time if ileorju lies to us we leave the channel and don't like Whoever supports me Dale . If you agree
Aha and mermaids actually exist
More fake impossible
Even if they put FAN MADE, to have fun
that's a lie
Que falso

When will you understand that April Fool's Day has passed &gt;:v
Ugh I'm exhausted tomorrow I have to scare a certain boy Benjamin :v
Friends, I detect something, it's the trolling dance tu ru tu tu tu tu ru ru tu ru wehei aho (happy April Fool's Day: v)(wtf using the scenario of the secret life of your masoctas))
More false than me when I say that I don't have homework
It is a fake trailer, you can see that parts of the trailer are parts of the trailer of the previous movie.
Falter than my grandmother's sonta:v
This is 100% real not fakeXD!
Que falso

Que falsoo jajajajaja

It was to be expected that it was false because others like it have already been uploaded 
I feel cheated :(
What a rubbish edition
It couldn't be more false
We just upload these lies to get views, make real content wow
I don't think Rick seems fake :vApril fools... :P
ileurju: moana 2 official trailer Sho: it's faker than its fucking mother
XD how false
It's fake, scenes from the real thing happen
How fake
Greetings
Don't do it, it looks horrible
Hahahahaha what a good edition :u
Pen bag#### leorjuu
I don't know, Rick, it seems fake to me XD
This is faker than Lizbeth Rodríguez's (BADABUN) boobs 
:V

Nose rik me parece falso

That's more fake 
I take time, it's fake
K falso

Let's report together
WTF :v

Q fail
Wao moana with the secret life of your pets wao :v
April fools!!!
that's 100% fake friend
It is edited
No, it doesn't look real, it's not to criticize or anything.
This is faker than my life
This is shit* it's not even good you have one less like and one subs. less more cousins ​​screw you*
Es falso

He looks more fake than me with a girlfriend
Que fake

Mae there you can see where it is cut 
WtfWakala ta feoQue a k bo d ver
The truth is false but I think you didn't do it, right, I got it from the internet
No, rick seems fake
It smelled like a joke
It's more false than saying that she loves you¶:&#39;v
Like if you thought it was fake and if it was fake :V
You can tell at first glance that this is edited in the most because it takes parts from other movies such as the secret life of the pet 100 wrong Bee movie etc. Also, in the scenes where Moana and Maui appear it is shown with a white border That is not normal since Pixar or Disney do not have those errors. Therefore, it is clear that it is too obvious that this is a clickbait and there is no reason to make a clickbait in April
This is not real XD
Pinche bato you can create it for me
That was a pyro montage  they had the same movements as in the movie
I don't know why this channel sends false trailers 
This is more false than his messages of love forever alv:&#39;V
what a dick
 se ve falso no?

It's faker than a leather coin
Like if it's not real :V
100%real not fake
It's fake, everything looks edited....
Happy birthday gsvsjshgw day hshssbys I have to know jsnsbsbshshs :v
That video has been re-edited, it's not so stupid, wacho
Hola

<b>HAPPY APRIL FOOL'S DAY!</b> (April fool's Day) hahaha :D
Nooooooo that is not true Q disappointment 
Good photoshop
like if era fotochot
I don't know Ric it seems fake
Feliz April Fool&#39;s Day    :v
Ultra falso

You can see how false
Can you say hello to me in your next video?
Did no one realize that it is false?
Dislike because it's good meko
Puto clitbait

I don't know Rick it seems fake :v
this shit
This is more false than the love she feels for you: v
Please greet me I am from Guatemala siiiiii T.Q.M.
Hahaha it's very false But quite well edited xd
It's more fake than my dad is alive
Because you deceive us
I imagined it better edited to make it look real
Seriously... No It's more fake because it can't
Your algo is mal 
Actually, that crappy trailer was necessary.
This is bullshit this is bullshit
FAKE

It's more false than my ex's promises
It's the most fucking false
Top 10 most realistic and cool trailers not fakes 100% real caught on camera *it goes wrong
&quot;
wtf

Fake

I don't know, it seems fake 
Hello, I arrived early, please give me a heart, I love you very much.
What did I just watch? 
Falso

It's really
Lol First
Falter than the love she feels for me 
Yes, there is going to be a second part because it's a great story.
Que falso xdddd

Me parece falso

Se ve suer galso

<b>Liar &gt;:&quot;v XD</b>I love the song :3
Wtf?

This is more of a lie than me having a boyfriend :&#39;v
I don't know Rick, it seems fake to me.
Omg that's right first ^v^ the bad thing is that it's fake 
Montaje respetable

This is playing with my feelings
Wow it looks very credible :v
Es muy falso como mcdonals peruano

April fools!!!
Fake

I believed it because I thought it was real, not fake, April Fool's Day
It's more false than my ex's lies
Primer coment

This is more false than the &quot;together forever&quot; :&#39;v
That's from the pet movie
0 views and 22 likes and 3 dislikes ok....yoitube enough
I don't know, Rick, it seems fake: v
Que buena mentira

No, suck the best trailer!!
eeeeee ok

But it's false (things are the way they areXD)
Fake 
be a mamon
Fucking clickbaits
._.

It is more false that she loves you
I loved the edit 
lol :v

Lol

I haven't seen the video but I know it's an April Fool's joke
Espera, kha??? :v

Second greeting
I love April Fools because it's an excuse to do clickbait :v
Primera...
First like First comment I imagine April fool Right?
First comment
Alv

Omg omg it’s fake though

More false :v
I will report you for clickbait 
April fools boys
First comment
Moana 2 woww!!!!

1 coarazon plis

<b>Your algorithm is...</b>:v
Falso v:

First send me greetings please
Holi

Hello

I'm the first
Hello greet me
1st comment
Hhh

That good video
️️️️️ how cool!!
It was coming to me
the best 
First
First
