Always Best 
Very nice Very nice Very nice Very nice
Very nice

Hum apke hain koun is the best 

Madhuri Dixit Queen 
Maduri is best but shridevi is best

How beautiful is this culture, look at the beauty of our body  I love Madhuri mam 
A complete package of beauty n talent

She is a living legend.Unmatchable

Madhumadhu I like you very much
self made star
The respect and innocence bollywood had that time.

beta film k liye v meet a hai na

Madhuri ki smile bahut pasand h

Diehard fan of madhuri dixit from kerala️

Thanks for this ️
Ethnic Indian beauty and a megastar.

Queen Madhuri Dixit is the great star of Bollywood. One of my finest actress and beautiful diva. 
Tejab, Dil, sajan, beta, hum apke hain  kaun all films highest grossing films of that year. That&#39;s is madhuri dixit. 

First award she might have directly come from Saajan shooting of the song bahut pyar karte hain

Superb
Queen Madhuri 
Cut the video of Maduri Mam going on the stage to receive the award. Didi tera dewar diwana song bjta hai.
My favourite

Superb Madhuri ji. ,
She is magical my favourite actress

Madhuri Dixit faboulous actress Bollywood Diva 

she is the only actress who has most highest grossing movie of the year that is 6 times in 88,90,91,92,94,2002.it&#39;s also a record....well she has 3 2nd highest grossing movies in 89,93 &amp; 97.

wht abt during beta?
Big fan. She is amazing 
Great actress and humble women.

Such a Magical time! Though missed 1993 for Beta.

My favourite actress

Her voice has innocence of a child

She is most gorgeous  and beautiful voice and dance and eye expression is so good  . It&#39;s my favourite actress over all heroine v. I&#39;m only fan of Nene  .

Eternally graceful,Honest, Beautiful,talented  MD

Legend...
Madhuri said
Madhuri Dixit my best actress. She is  legend

Hi madhuri is my favorite heart wate do God is gearty

Love her!!!

Awesome

Madhuri is amazing actress. Tezaab, Dil, Beta, Hum Aapke Hai Kaun, Raja, DTPH... box office Queen. A True Moviestar Diva. She is Beauty combined with Talent. They don&#39;t make like her anymore...

Queen  superstar actress 
Congrats to Madhuri for her achievements

Madhuri....

Well done Madhuri Dixit....She is the Queen. ....Superb actress Madhuri Dixit ...Diva...She is bestest 

Bollywood Queen Madhuri Dixit Nene 
Madhuri is amazing.

Legend Madhuri Ma'am
Talented actress

She is the Queen bee, beautiful graceful diva such a gifted amazing actress dancer.....most wonderful fabulous all time favourite actress 
Madhuri Dixit legend

Most beautiful and fabulous actress. The Queen of Hindi cinema /////////God Bless her

Queen of Bollywood. My most fvrt actress dancer.

My most favourite actress is Madhuri maam

Very talented actress. Beauty combined with Talent...My all time favourite.

Madhuri is awesome actress.

She is epitome of talent, beauty and grace. Phenomenal actress and dancer ever in Bollywood film industry. Evergreen Diva and humble actress with very charming personality.

Queen of Bollywood 

Queen of Bollywood. Evergreen actress. Madhuri Dixit is very amazing

Greatest actress in Bollywood..Madhuri is Very Amazing

She is my most favourite actress and dancer in Bollywood. She is most wonderful 

Talented actress who stole India&#39;s Dil

i was in year 7 when she received this award i was in tears when she was giving this speech as after HUM AP KA HAIN KON IN 1995 many of her movies didnt work and her critics use to write bull shit, and then in 1997 two movies came called MYRTUDAND AND DIL TU PAGAL HAI for which she got this award and that&#39;s where she dedicated this award to her critics. i use to pray for her success. as i had watched her movies, and i thought that she deserves a better and by the grace of Allah she got it through her hard work and compassion.

Oww Madhuri
Ohh my god...... Like,the way she talks... Uhhh,......very impressive

This is a curtain that covers the sight, when the heartbeat increases then it says Arma's books. Finds shadow, gives shade, peaceful body, amazing illusion.
beautiful madhuri mam
<a href="">

Whoever respect their parents...please like the video....

Nice video 
Madhuri dixit is greatest acteres of Bollywood

Madhuri is so sweet ️
Great

Kalee kalotee

She is queen of billions of hearts and queen of dance , good expression , nazakat , prettyness , best acting , killer smile , beautiful and melodious voice She is a complete star actress  love uu MD.. Best wishes for her Future projects 

Mam you love me like no one else I love you Madam nice
Madhuri is a sign of sexual appeal and seductive lady

The Queen of Indian cinema

Chanting Krishna's name is going on
Do you chant Krishna's name?
Good words with good humen being ️

Madhuri Dixit Nene evergreen heroine of millennium

aa smile kosam ee video download chesukuni appudappudu chusthu unta..!
WOW wow wow so many wows the most beautiful lady on the earth k

My favourite actor

Best

Ram
Coming from Sajan shooting.

Madhuri dixit ki acting aur dance kamaal Kay hai i just love her dance and acting love you lot️️
A celebrity with no haters

Love U Madhuri Dixit mam from Bangalore.

Madhuri Dixit is truly a talented artist.
She had to walk all the way from the back to come up and take the award for Dil!! Times were different then..

Love you madhuri mem
All time my favourite, and her response to Critics was commendable ,stay blessed

She is so gorgeous

Great performance!  Superb expression.. Love dil... I enjoyed it a lot mam..

<a href=""> dixit and Kapil Sharma ,,,funny vedeo

Love you

I miss you
Madhuri Dixit- is my favourite actress of the 80&#39;s.. She deserves the awards because of her unique  performance in every movies ,  handwork,  talented skills - acting , dance and expressive eyes, smile  and voice too. My best wishes too.

So excellent so great
Beta movie main b mila
I

She is so humble

My favorite,great parsonality,so  reail most beautiful  acttive actress bollywood queen lte world , indian flim city,

What I noticed is sge became more beautiful with all these years.. wow

Super

This is filmafare and she is wearing traditional clothes and today we can see the extremely dangerous dresses of heroines 

look at how far she was sitting after giving hits like tezaab  tridev thanedar kishan kanaiya dil prem pratigya pratikar ram lakhan and todays actress are given front place like deepika anushka disha and all and legends like udit was given back place fuck

nice video

I have never seen such a beautiful woman in my life till date

thank you

Madhuri Dixit is my favourite actress she is talented sweet still down to earth she is a good human being I love you

Suwitemaduri

Very nice

Wao.. why I love her.she always wear full and graceful dressing.

Madhuri Dixit, you are the best and so beautiful Indian lady, love you from France.

They wearing full clothes

When you earn the award not buy it ️

Loved her dress

My like madhuri dixit I love you my madhuri dixit aghe jelame mirage karaleunga ishawar karapashe hona hai merege I love you my madhuri dixit
I Soo love me Madhuri dixit
Mrutyudand premgrandh  madhuri ham thumare hai sanam  best acting madhuri

God Bless ...your too good
a

I can&#39;t see any beauty on her face. Her face is full of pimples and extremely oily.

I am proud of myself because I am very very very big fan of madhuri dixit

Presenting for a wonderful smile..<a href="">
Love Madhuri ji
Very nice romantic exciting movies...stunning.30+jeetender..

Sixi

I love madhuri mam
Dad...my heart seems happy after seeing Madhuri ji.
She did not deserve an award for DTPH..a very mediocre performance that year. In fact Sridevi should have been awarded for Judaai for playing such a complex role with such panache in a terribly directed film. In fact if they would have awarded her for Mrityudand it would have made some sense. Anyway filmfare awards are very bias and their standards stooped down by the mid 90s. Dil, DTPH were very mediocre performances indeed.

Madhuri dixit she is the queen and a angel she smile so beautiful. U are a beauti.

Dislike krne waley  bhain ky lory katrina karena  ky fan ho gy

4 baar mila tha award toh best actress ka and they have shown only 3 times

<a href="">0:35</a> AB Siting but Madhuri didnt looked at him bcz in 90s She was d biggest competitor of AB

ufffffff
No 1 always

J

Ha ha

İ LOVE MADHURI DİXİT ️️️️️️
<a href="">0:20</a> that costume in Bahut Pyaar karte hain song, love her in that song.

Oooo i hub good fernod
Where is her Beta Best Actress winning moment 

her moment for beta is missing , it was mf hussain who gave this award  in 1993 for movies in 1992, the other were sridevi(khuda gawah ) and juhi chawla(bol radha bol)

Congratulations  Madhuri..........Please add video of movie Beta and Devdas also as she received awards for it.......

What a diva ️ Madhuri Dixit you are wonderfully made  just Perfect

O queen O heart o love.01827578523.
She has also won won award for beta

Great

You have missed her Best Actress Award for Beta (1992) and Best Supporting Actress award for Devdas (2002). She also received a special award for 25 years of contribution to the film industry... How come the Filmfare Official channel miss this? 

A phenomenon! Beauty, expressions, grace, looks, body, smile, voice: she truly has everything, there will never be another one like Madhuri Dixit.

Veri good

Sesan sir we will miss you sir 
Curly hair and smile 

Very nice Madurai

My darling madhuriiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Madhuriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiioiiiioo

I love maduri

i love you madhuri
i hope you can read my comment and know how much i love you

oh my god  .. really you are the best and the more beautiful lady all over the world  .. i love you my queen madhuri so much

Thanka you only shata

Simplicity 
Maddhu I Love You So Mach On YouTube
B

The greatest Bollywood actress of all time!

Bachpan se aaj taak I love  Madhuri  n still crazy about her....She is the queen who me cry, laugh  and happy

Greetingsfrom pakistantomadhuri ji.

Very nice

I l u maaaaaduri
Million Dooooolerrrrr Smile . . .

I. Love. Madhuri. Gi

Beta ?Devdas ?
Beauty!
Didn&#39;t Madhuri won for best supporting actress for Devdas in 2002?

I love you Madhuri

I love madhuri 
I have so much stamina that I can satisfy Madhuri in bed even at the age of 52. Love you madhuri baby. I haven't finished the charge yet
While receiving award for “DIL”, She is wearing the same dress that she wore for the song “Bahut Pyar Karte Hain Tum Ko Sanam”...in Saajan (1991).

Happy birthday madhuri ji
Madhuri Dixit &amp; Amir khan Best Filmfare awards ️️️️
Madhuri Dixit Ko almost failed fare award aish Kay hatho Milin hain
Madhuri Dixit looks so innocent and cute. Lots of love️️️️️️
Madhuri said
some critics says to pack your bags how silly it is.

Very nice  looking  madhuri Dixit ji
She is the best. God gifted 

Jitnii Gandii lag sakti hi, OR junior daat बाहर चेहरा दिखा सकती है कुखा है कुकी
MADHURI AUNTY FANS LIKE

Very humble, simple and wonderful person.. God bless you dear..

blood nice
Happy birthday Madhuri Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy birthday
Thanks fr this video....m feeling very emotional this time...she was so beautiful yet simple n cute though she was d biggest actress of her era...

Madhuri Dixit most beautiful smile and gorgeous look.

So strong ,so inspirational,so beautiful and d most genuine actress,madhuri u r only one and we r proud dat u belongs to us

Biutiful

Ur so simple, Ur a great person continue to be pl

Super talent  and inspiration speech

Dil

Madhuri said
I love u madhuri mam
What a beauty... Thanks a lot for uploading... So nostalgic

Madhuri always queen of Bollywood so beautiful

Madhuri mam is proud of INDIA She deserve the reward .

She is so beautiful lv u

She is wearing bahut pyar krte hain outfit may be she came from the song shoots wow thats mt fav song and movie and i luv this dress today i got to see this outfit besides that song which i have seen zillion times

Can we have Best Actress for Beta in 1993 Filmfare

1st filmfare dress waoooooo soooooo simplicity at that time yrrrrrrrr and she is looking stunning in 90&#39;s dress  waooooo

She is soo beautiful with heart,also how she is always respecting her seniors beautifuly.

She is the real Queen of Bollywood She is the best

She always starts with respected seniors,colleagues and my dear frnds.

Madhuri , What a generosity that you posses

Happy birthday MD..... Keep smiling always.....

Thank you soooo much for uploading this.. Was waiting for the award she won for HAHK.. Thank you.

Beta?

Queen of world only madhuri

Beauty queen smile queen dancing queen only madhuri

goddeess madhuri

Thank you filmfare  love you maaaadhurii 
Same lines......
When awards were mostly just awards, not social media-targeted, sponsor-happy  PR stunts featuring pretentious so-called stars and their edited, oh-so spontaneous reactions. Hats off to this talented lady.

How did she overcome her pimples, acnes and lightened skin tone..??  want to know badly. ...  

What a slap on the face of brainless critics den and even today when they penned her down again by calling total dhamaal as stupid comedy and den the film went on to become one of the cult money spinner .. love you MD... More power to you

Happyyy Birthdayyyy to the Bollywood actress I love the most

Happiest birthday <a href="">#madhuridixit</a>

Wow! What priceless moments  Queen of Bollywood MADHURI DIXIT 

Happy birthday Madhuri Ji
MD an admiration
Gr8 lady, woman of grace talent and  is the epitome of inspiration

Happy birthday Timeless Beauty MADHURI JI
