I Am Big Fan Of D Boss
evaru evari sister ,theliyakapothe thelusukoni pettu

Where is vijay

South Indian actor&#39;s sisters are very simple not like Bullywood Bollywood people..look at Salman khan&#39;s adopted sister

eYa !....

Nice️️️️️
Ram charan   crazy fan here  I m

Ram charan allu arjun my fan 
Iam big fan of alluarjun

Ram charn allu varjian i like 
Allu Arjun is the best

I am big fan ramcharan allu arjun ️
Ram Charan is as dear as his sisters.
Ram Charan and allu arjun is my favourite actors

ram charan and  varun tej

Ramcharan is my favorite actor   
Sister of tiger shroff is Krishna shroff

Ram Charan &amp; allu arjun &amp; varun tej my favorite actors 
Ram Charan and allu arjun

My favorite hero is allu arjun 
I am fan for Dhanush, Ramachandran
Yedava

I&#39;m biggest fan of Ram charan and Ram pothineni

soper

I am a big fan of allu arjun I like him. He is my hero always.

Ram, Allu, Varun 
Never knew that Taapsi and Ram are siblings.

I am the big fan of allu arjun
Shes not a sister ramcharan
Ram charan  sister is not susmitha she is actor sneha

Ram charan

Allu Arjun
Varun tej
Ramcharan so cute
Is it ram charan&#39;s sister is sneha Prasannan

I like south actor and actress

Arun vijay have 4 sisters! 

I love ram Charan

MissingActors 1. Mahesh Babu2. Yash3. Suriya 4. Mohan Lal5. Nani6. S Vijay7. Ram Pothineni 8. Vikram9.Akhil AkineniLast But Not The Liest10. Nithin

Tapsee Pannu is Punjabi or Charan is Charanjeev's son
ramcharan sister has my name Sushmittha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I&#39;m freakin out ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1

Prabhas sister so cute 
omg

All r superb

I hate ram charan
Then from then to.......or......
I love Allu Arjun and Ramcharan

HBD Ram charan lové uu 
Love you ram charan jiiiiiiiiiiii love you
️
Lies

Ram Charan I like you️
I am a big fan of ram CharanHe is so cute and handsome

you missed ravi teja
Jai Ram Charan annaya 
I am fan of ram charan 6 packs

Ram Charan Anna super
Jai Prabhas Anna

Am big fan of Ram Charan

Vishal and ramcharan pwoli

Love you ramcharan

Unsubscribe cheyunnu Ramcharan aniyathi photos athalla thettaya photos itt enn Areyum orikalum patikkallGooglel nokiyal yathartha aniyathimare ariyamGoogelil nokiyond ningade kallatharam polinju illenkil verthe susbscribum cheyth enthina ee kallatharathine support cheyunne

Ramcharan 
I love you ram charan

Ram charm is great actor

I am big fan of RAM CHARAN &amp; ALLU ARJUN 
Ramcharan is my Favourite Hero ️
Marugi do lat ntr ki oh wife hai pagal jis name likhte ho sister nahi wife hai jo next pic oh sister hai pehle dekh hai then make sister.
Messengers
Ram charan sis is Srija and susmitha

Sneha n ananya with ramcharan

The first pic that u kept of ntr is his wife.

NTR wife sister Yela avtundhi
Lovely couples  Vijay Nagaveni  Masthan Silpa 🇮🇳
Ram charan cute
Allu arjun is super cinema ackter
<a href="">2:10</a> that is sneha

Ram charan i love you
I am a. Big fan of  Mega power  star   Ram Charan

Abe chor picture ek rakhte ho aur video main pura alag kuch hota heViewrs pane ka acha tarika hai chor

NICE VIDEO PRESENTATION ON REAL SISTERS OF SOUTH INDIAN  VETERAN ACTORS BEGINS FROM RAM CHARAN TO END OBSERVED AND REALISED. ALL SISTERS IN VIDEO ARE GIFT OF GOD CONTRIBUTED WITH UNIQUE CHARMING APPEARANCES OF THEIR OWN. MAY GOD BLESS THEM FOR SUCCESS IN LIFE.OVER ALL APPRECIABLE.

You didn&#39;t show that sister and brother which you showen in Tumbnail

Yash 
I love ram charam l love you

Im the biggest of ram charan

Charan
Mt favourite hero is
NTR sis Divya aithe valla Wife pic petti Divya antara 

I am big fan of ram Charan jo ram Charan ka big fan hai like karo
Ram Charan I love you
I am big fan of Ram Charan, Allu Arjun and Varun Tej️️️
Plz ak ak pics mt dekhya kro yrr Ar b dekhya kro na fr pta chalta ha Baki sb cool ha
Cheer don&#39;t  No means  don&#39;t  tell
Hi

Hey ramcharan sis photos first  are wrong they are ananya and sneha actress

Bzxhx

Siggu vundada
Raam charan is my favrit hiro

Yash is also nice

fans of allu arjun like plss

Go ahead
Myfavouriteramcharan, arjun
I love Ram charan i am a malayali also
I am big fan of Ram charan and Allu arjun
Gv prakash is missing

Front photo okati and video lo inkotaa.....

Orei edawa ntr wife ra tanu
.

I am big fan of Vishal

Ann Harvey the day and the other day I can be found in the UK and Europe for a few minutes to any other way around the world, and

Ram charan k fan like kro
Ram charan k fan like kro
Nice

Junior ntr

Ramcharan so cute
full  fakha

Choar videos

Ram charan and prabhas is my favorite south actor

Allu arjun ke sister ladhu
Allu Arjun
Y tapsi is onbthumbnail

Ram

You are prabhas Anna fan. like kottande

Ramcharan Fans like adi 
Always RC

cherry

I am big fan of Ramcharan . His flim Maaveeran  was an outstanding  flim . I  love that flim . Can we get an video of Livestyle of Ramcharan  .Please

I am big fan allu arjun
I like Mahesh Babu and N.T.R

big fan allu arjun
I like alu arjun and his brother

Varun tej fans like me
Rey ️da NTR wife ni sister ani choopinchav entra?
Ntr sister not she is wife

Supper
Allu arjun fans hit like
Wtf jr ntr wife pic here and after his sister pic please remove and upload again

green mango more
NTR sister or wife

<a href=""> 
Do illatha karyangal okke parayannath nthina
Actually it&#39;s not Jr ntr&#39;sister .she is his wife

Hit like for ramcharan

<a href="">

Ananya and Sneha are sisters of Ramcharan

we like most prabhas and ram charan

lam a big fan of Allu Arjun and Ram Charan

Ram Charan and taun

love u NTR anna
Ananya is Ram Charan's sister, 
I am a big fan of Stylish Star Allu Arjun.Please hit a like for him...

I am a big fan of varun tej.

hi is not  sister

My name also nandini

Very supperand fantastic

Yash boss 
I don&#39;t know anyone name in South movie except Prabhas ..... But i like South movie 

ntr wife not sister

Ananya&amp;s photo with ramcharan

Ram Charan and Taapsee Pannu
In the photo you look like Ram Charan's sister.
This is simply

I am big fan of Vishal

I am lovely fan of all arjun

She is Jr. Ntr&#39;s wife not sister.

Ramcharan sisters is real 

Darling

Those who like ALLU A JUN LIKE ME.

I am the big fan of ram charan

Ram bro super hero I like him bcz ram bro is best bro

I am big fan of allu arjun

I really adore Ramcharan&#39;s MOVIES!!!

Inexplicable!!!

Bhai dont do like this

mee to by your fan

I am big fane of allu arjun

Vipm
Lekin afsos you are Indian and I am pakistani your film is my very favrt hero 
I am very very very favrt hero charan bhi  very nice  and your personality I  like this you are very nice and I love brother i am your small sister you are my favrt hero charan bhi 
I am very very very favrt hero charan bhi  very nice  and your personality I  like this you are very nice and I love brother i am your small sister you are my favrt hero charan bhi 
I AM A BIG FAN OF ALU ARJUN

Hit likes for ram charan

Ram charan

My best hearo️️️️
Allu arjun, Ram charan and Jr. NtrFans hit a like button

Varun Tej sir fan
Ram Charan is the best.

Pandhinakodaka ramcharan sister thanu kadu ra
I love south indian
Ram charan sister is looking like sneha actress

Sollu cheppadaniki aena oka paddathi undali
Hit like for Ram charan and allu arjun

Ramcharan fans like here
She is not NTR sister she is her wife

Ntr first photo his wife

Tu nee guddalo emaindi
Ramcharan oda sister sneha mattum ananya vo
Ananya is not a sister of ramcharan

Nice video

for arun vijay u said five girls names but theres only four girls

In arun Vijay sisters vanitha is not there

I am big fan of Ram charan why your telling lies

NTR sister is another. She is his wife...... You don&#39;t know..

Agar is video false ra ha na to me gaala cut cardunja

Jr Ntr 
Woooow mashaa ALLAH very nice brothers and they are sisters may ALLAH bless you all the best looooove u all ️️️
Yash 
Boo

nice

Ram charan&#39;s sister sreeja is not that here described sreeja is a Malayalam actress Anannya

I am biggest fan of prabhas

Now I miss you so much pravin anna love you lot my brother

Nice

Lanjodakallara NTR sister yevara yerripuk nakodaka chusi pettandra kodakallara
your using mayrusharts old intro song

Mega star kuuthura tapsee
Ramcharan I love you very much

South ke sare actor bahoot handome h

Hit like for Yash

Ram charan sister sushmitha its really amazing

Varun thaj super

Any body pls support me
Hi

Bhai how many subscriber you have yet.?

Ramcharan sister&#39;s thettaaanh 
Abarivo photos pettdam kadhu lekapothe unnavi chuspinchandi
Prabhas darling fan
U put someone else in the picture as ramcharan&#39;s sister

Allu Arjun
Varun tej
Varun tej
Even with a cough
I liked danush family
I love ramcharan and allu arjun

Where is ram cheran s sister come topsi

Ye south ke actors bohot chutiye hai

Ramcharan sister 2 nd pic is right first pic wrong this channel is vry bad

Ramcharn sis is not true

Ram Charan agr app ko pasand hai tu like kro

abadhalu chepadanikaina hadundali
Vishalku ipdi oru sisteraaa!!
Nice can keep stil more
Ram charan sisters name is sreeja   and sushmitha

90% in comment sec are about ram charan

Nice charan I am your fan
Arunvijay
Ennaaal pinna ellardeyum family pic ittaaal pore
La punda Mona ethukkala appom mothalla ramcharan photovum tapsee panu photo vum vachiruntha
Barun tej I&#39;m the fan of him

ram charan is so cute boy i am a big fan of him

Yen da first picture pottu emathureenga
Super

Vo Jr ntr ki wife h sister nhi
Ram is not pothinei in this video 
Tabshi and ram charan were not bother and sister

I love prabhas

Ram Charan (mega power star)
most machu and most handsome andmost best actor of south idustry is [1] ramcharan [2]is allu arjun

O i am fan of ramcharan liar faker

Prabhas fans hit like

Cool bro

If the video is to be shown then it should be shown correctly and it is shown on the cover.
Ramcharante sister aayit first kaanichath ananya alle
Are you big fan of ram charan ,if yes hit the like

Actually Ram Charan and Allu Arjun are siblings. How is it possible that their sister&#39;s are different?

Varun Tej Cute
Dhanush fan like hit
Ram charan and taapsi ani pettavu vunnadi petta ra pooka
Prabhas darling
Initially you are showing actresses Ananya &amp; Sneha as sisters of Ramcharan.... then showing real pic!!!

i love allu arjun this my favourite hero in south

Very  nice ramcharn

Meeda cover photo okkaridi lopala matter inkokkaridi y this lolli

Sauth ke simpl look very nice

I am big fan of ramcharan

Prabhas fans and Rana fans like here

I am fan of allu arjun the best actor

Nice dude
Bakwas ram charan nal pic kis d show kiti a as a sistr before the video starts

Jaiii Ram Charen
Ram charan is a good hero i like him
My daughter fan of Allu Arjun &amp; Ramcharan pictures give the hit like

shows anything
Fraud
Asal am ankuntunnaru ha charanki sisters Miku thelikunte silentga undandi athe thelikunda Charan sisters ani andhuku pedtharu inko sari mi videos chudali avante Avi pettakandi please
Yash

Who hate tapsi  like

really

You are layer
Tapsee Pannu was made Ramcharan's sister.
Cha

I am big fan of Ram Charan. 
Raaam Charan Sister So Cute
wow

Re pooka poster marchu

Hit like for ramcharan 
How you Know this

Prabhas  Ram charan Allu arjun was nice  big  fan  from  Afghanistan 

Not nice my fathet channel nanme is facts teach

How the lifestyle was bringing by the people

Aap logon ka problem Kya hai ? Aap ese pic joint krke dikhate hai jo sach nhi hai.

come soon 
Waist channel 
Brother, did you notice Ram Charan's sister different in the last photo?
What&#39;s wrong with you here ntr wife not a sister wrong  video you. Should have reffer such a brother and sister but here you have do some match wrong  please do correct

fans of charan

Allu arjun and ravi teja and j.r ntr

Ram Charan&#39;s both sisters are wrong. one is sneha nd the other one ananya

Mujay south ki movie bht pasand ha from Pakistan

Vishal sister oda height avlodhana??
Ram charan&#39;s sister sreeja&#39;s picture is not that ... Actually that is malayalam actress ANANYA



faje

iam the die hard fan of prabhas

Ta bhaunira phata ta deidele nahin
Arjhun vijay ki sisters sab say pyari ...agree to like kro

Vishnu Manchu

I am  a huge  fan of  ram charan I love  him
Kya bakwas he

Title change kr

Nhi NC Kya krenge hum jankr upsc ke question me aane wala hai yeah lvde pkau

Ally arjun

Lesham ulup indodaa ninak….
The sab fak ha
Sai Dharam Tej

Where is varun dhwan

I am big fan ram charan
Ram charan also

Ram charan also

Iam a big fan of Allu Arjun

Very nice very good

Not rial

Lanja munda kodaka don&#39;t make like this vdos facke fello

Junior ntr wife when
I  am  a  big  fan  of  Ram Charan.

Ram Charn is my best hero
I am huge fan of Ram charan. Ram&#39;s fans hit like for him. 

Don&#39;t wanna see marathian....Don&#39;t properly know them .....

Yash boss
Nice

Where is Varun dhavan

Allu arjun{AA} and ram charan both are best and big fan of you both

Nimovana keibeka bedva sule makla
Bewkoof banana band kar oi

I am very big fan of Prabhas I have watched his movie more than 2900Times

ram charn big fan of pakistan kpk

Aise bakwas cheese mat dalo lyrics
Madar indian sala

Muji front pic khoe

Beautiful
Our Mallu Arjun
Ntr and sister but u showed his wife its bad

Ram Charan is a great actor in cinima industry , he is my hero always .....

Osm ️
Malayaligalundo
I completed 100 likes
vishnu and he sister looking same .

Where is akhil sister
