Are u supporting people in Palestine??? Do u think they are human beings tooo???? Are u afraid of Us and IsraHell???? Are u silent bcoz ur husband is an American???? Plss have some kindness in ur heart without looking caste &amp; religion….

Nice work
So nice
I was watching your video from &quot;english speech&quot;  it&#39;s so amazing, you have good accent

I miss u
Wow zimbabwe really looks like kenya.   Do u have family in kenya. U look kenyan ...ur just so beautiful soi amazing and lovely

Hello mom
Love you amino SOMALI
Priyanka ma&#39;am, u don&#39;t know as an Indian how much proud I feel when I see you.You are my inspiration.And I&#39;ll always try to be like you.Work for people, like you.

Priyanka mam really ye YouTube channel aapka hai aapke naam se hai

Really really good

Hi Priyanka Chopra, I wish to commend you for the beautiful work you are doing and the way you are giving to humanity. I&#39;m truly touched by this video of the way you hug and mingle with these kids despite being from a different culture. I&#39;m not a racist, but I have seen famous people with wealth behaving in the opposite way. I know you are doing so much for the unfortunates. And for that and all that you are a true hero. Blessings to you dear! I have a humble request to you. If you can help these women in some way or the other, it will make such a huge difference in their lives. I&#39;m leaving an article here for. It wouldn&#39;t take much of your time. Please spare a few minutes!<a href="">

O priyanka I love you and you loveMe .I am with your love

Priyanka my dulhaniya thank you For your acceptation of my lpve

Priyanka my dorling I am your youAre mine .I am for you o my jaan
.o rani you love me .I love youYour lips are very red my dorling

O priyanka you are very sweety raniBeauty jaan you are in your dutyJaan
O priyanka Chopra I am for you oMy rani .you are for my love jaan

Wow.I just watched all of your videos after watching all about you on vogue and bazzar&#39;s channel. and got to know you a lot more. love you girl.Keep being AWESOME.

Beautiful Place!

We really love you Priyanka..u r a true role model for current generation 

priyanka chopra ji ki rahi rahi hai
Priyanka Choppra i cant belive you came to my country

pretty
Nice

Priyanka keep working lik thus god protect  you my derv

U r really amazing PC,,, u r like an angel to this little children... May God bless you and your family.... 

I want to visit Africa. It was always my african friends who helped in my university time abroad

chi ba ge sweeet
So so so proud of you, PC!️️You are so inspirational and motivational! Keep doing the good work! We are always with you!️️
