when to see 2024
what movie h
Who is listening to this song in 2024?
Who is listening to this song in 2024?
No wonder, country delight doodh has become very popular.

Who will be listening in 2024?
Who will you see in 2024?
2024 only 
Anyone <a href="">#2024</a>

Who will you see in 2024?
Rk

Who will be the sun in 2024?
Filmin ismi ne

Who is coming in 2024?
2024 
Who has come from Instagram?
2024

No way in 2023, no way in 2024, who is listening to this song
Who is listing still in 2024

In 2024 who are there

Who will be the sun in 2024?
Which song will be sung in 2024 
Which song is the sun in 2024
2024 attendance
Who is listening in 2024 

Who is the sun of 2024 
Which song will be released in 2024?


2024 m kon sun rha h
Disclaimer: once you watch this song, it runs in your mind like crazy loop

Look at the Sona yrr how perfect she is by her face, body, dance moves and expressions yrr just love her

Who have you seen since 2024?
Rip wajid bhai miss you

My most favorite song. ️
collected from 2024
Who will remain alive in 2024?
2024

Anyone in 2024

2024me kon kon thak.rha hai

Anyone in 2024

Who is watching in Jan 2024

2024 who is staying in the sun  please like
Who will sing this song in 2025?
Nice song
2024 
Maybe I&#39;m first one in 2024 

Kon ye song ko 16/12024 ko sun raha he vo like kare please

Anyone 2024
shivani  Nice song 
Ex 1223456789p0qwertuioooaasddfghjjklllzxcvnmm
Who will you see in 2024?
2024 and still the best song ️️️

2024

2024 Kon kon sunrhaa hey 
2024 me

2024 wala like karo

it&#39;s 2024

You will listen to this song even in 2024
Hum suna aayaga jaab dekho har song ka comment me likh data ha keKon sunna aaya ha na na aayi kya ???
Waist dancing is good
Hmm
2023 me kon kon sun rayahe e song
Who is listening to this song in 2024 
Ma sun rhi my favorite movie

This is the best songs of Bollywood. 

Gana to sahi he. Bhai par a madarcod muslim ke sahat cutt mar rahe he esleay me eskeky flim bhe nahe dakhun ga Jay shree ram 

Hum be sala

Hobsoorat dholki hay jaan
Very nice and very good

This song was played in my wedding in 2023 
I love  akki 
Meri fervet movie ka song
Kumar Sanu voice better than Shreya Ghoshal

Ha

Kumar Sanu hero voice 
Hero voice songs
Who has been listening to me in 25?
So beautiful song. My most favorite song. I wish that Bollywood will make this type of songs again. 

Mastttt Dance 
JOA SHATHARUOO HOTTHAA HAYAI KISSEE KAA WHOA DOOSHARHAYUOO KEE LOAGAHYEEYUOO PAAR APHANYEE GUN CHALLHAAKAAR APHANHAA NAAM SHATRUOGAAN NAAM RAHKHNAHAA PASAND KARTAHAYAI HAYAI AUR USHKAYAI APHANYEE BEETIYAAHAA KAA NAAM SONHKASHSI RAAHKAAR DOSARHYUOO KAYAI SAATH SOHANAYAI PAYAI SHUGHAA RAAHKAAR LOGHAYUOO KOA APHANHAA BAANHAATAYAI HAYAI . 
Only by the mighty Lord Jesus Christ Amen  and yous think what you like!

Sonakshi now underrated but much more talented than new actresses she gives old bollywood actress vibes like 90&#39;s her career and popularity goes down just because of one questions she did not answer properly  and now her time gone people didn&#39;t appreciate her when her time was

such a melodious and heartwarming voice of queen Shreya Ghoshal romantic king of music Kumar Sanu RIP Wajid bhai... nice composition

Kumar sanu voice
What an Engegetic Evergreen Melodious Song by KUMAR SANU &amp; SHREYA GHOSAL.️
Wow stunning!!!

So cute my favourite 
Adil asked Atif to see him in the cupboard.
Aloo me hai hai hai adil ne hai Dr ko maardiya hai.
What is the reason for Owais's anger?
Fiza nuggets.
.Pp

Kumar sanu  very sweet voice king of Bollywood 

Singer Kumar sanu   voice  is the best

11 yrs ..Omg time flies away

Sherya goshal pure original voice

2023me is song ka fan bna hu

Nmm.                    . N     
The principles of the Farsi language, all the sentences, Shams al-Haq, Tabriz, was in Tabriz at the time of Shams, when the Persian language was created, Shams is from Tabriz, Iran. 
At the time of Muhammad, the Persians also spoke Arabic. Until the age of forty, the Arabic lines reached Persia. But the Persians had the power of the army and the army. Like now, when I am Afghan.. but Iranians were much more advanced than Afghans.
Sary Akshay ko dance dikhany ek e room ma agai My best memories with this movie songs

Who is looking forward to 2023?
Who will come in 2023, this is the song that should be heard like that 
dddddd
Drttttfyg

Sonakshi didi bohat hi moti thi us time
Who will be seen in 2023 ️
Who will you see in 2023?
Look who's coming on Instagram
<a href="">

Sonakshi expression queen 
Sonakshi ke pure career me bas ye song aur Dabang 1 movie me bas achi lagi

In 2023 
My Favorite song.
Nice voice <a href="">1:35</a> 
voice 
hit.song.bhut.acha.ha
2023 ke kaun dekh tha hai 

Waw nice sonakshi mom ️   ️   ️
It's a very nice song.
Quarantine disease think up your people everything to be honest Fagots in the Ministry My name is Zhenisbay Zhenis Zhonnika JONNIKA
Nice

Don&#39;t worry u r not the only one listening to this masterpiece in April 2023

I remember saroj ji choreographed this song it was amazingmay her soul rest in peace

You are a super super princess
O

Fxfxcx

Listen at 2xEdit: Thanks for 100 like
I love Kumar Sanu voice
Urged

Best dance..
WOW

Sonakshi is so beautiful

Among modern day actresses, Sonakshi is the one who comes near the grace and expressions of early days actresses. She&#39;s highly underrated as a dancer and performer.

pure bharat m sbse jyada sharir m or sundarta sbse best heroin lagti h
Chubby Sonakshi&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; present Sonakshi
Sonakshi Sinha body is full of sexiness, especially her big boobs.

Old song 
Yeh Roop Rang Mera Jad H Fitno Ki *Niyat Bdl Gayee Jane Kitno Ki........ Wah SonyMusic Walo Apny Hi Song K Lyrics M Ghlti 
Wow ️️️️️
sjs ️️
Betu

SEXY SONAKSHI!

Sonakshi Sinha is my favorite actor 
1

Its cost is less than 1500 hectares.
Who is listening to this song in 2023 
Priti is after itra, Abhinav is in front of her who fulfills her wish.
I watched this film&#39;s 1st day 1st show ALONE Wow

Akshay
Fav song 
I love shreya&#39;beatiful voice ️️
Thankyou So much lndia shares
Wiwi
I love you this song

Sheuly Islam. Excellent Song.

I don&#39;t know why all people are saying that she is product of nepotism, but she is really talented as an actor Personally I don&#39;t care.

Sona Akshay Shreya
Ytqj

Sudam padhiarywwwdotkom ilaked
Ok. Fr.

Naveedli️️️️0️⃣3️⃣1️⃣0️⃣1️⃣4️⃣4️⃣0️⃣9️⃣9️⃣5️⃣
Super buteful good morning  in ️  kig
sonakshi
night

Mousumi

V🇵🇰️
Very nice so much

November 2022 anyone listening this masterpiece ️

Ddddfdf

Shreya ghoshal&#39;s magic
Ddddd

Yah to apna Raju hai 

Kumar Sanu and Shreya Ghoshal combo 
Maje le thore se Vishal ji ke sapne mat dekh tu bhi make le bhudde

Badi aayi  ki nose jesi
Osm song, where did you sing sona
Dddd

wow those eyes 

Proud to be a part of this golden Era. A message to the future generation don&#39;t let this masterpiece song die.

Shreya didi on fire
Super song ️
P

A the songs of this movie are lit

Love you shreyuuuBeautiful voice
Good

shreya ghoshal&#39;s voice suites perfectly with sonakshi sinha

wow

Hhhhhh

Dastgir. Sadik Momin
Ye wife kc ke h

Be
Mr. 
<a href="">

This sounds very similar to the song Chabila from Ranbir Kapoor&#39;s 1st movie Saawariya

Old song is better then this generation song like Tony kakkar

I love you Sonakshi daughter my name is Reena main I love your father very much I love you Sonakshi daughter my name is Reena main
Who are you seeing in 2022
Akshay Kumar Expression <a href="">3:40</a> 
Dthwtuertsfjxcbtdysamee

good morning radhe radhe
Aur hawa mei udaneka hey na

Nice song
Tik de Dee giioytewqzxcbn
22TURUB WARAQ 55    555   55    555DAHAB  RADIYA

Mehna will grow tujhko pyaar sajna


Sex Bomb from Patna

Nice 
So, beautiful ️
shreya mam voice Akshay sir ️️ Sonakshi uffffffffffff️
My febret song

I love this song ️️️️
Shreya Ghoshalmy fvt singer
Best face expressioner 
Nice song
Legends focus on sonakshi&#39;s qamar 
Nice song
In this song Sonakshi lkng.... beautiful n Shreya mam voice...killed it 

Lovly song

2022
best performance I ever seen

Nice song 
Renember to  keep   commenys and to   follow ऊओ

Sonakshi experience ️
Akshay kumar face was priceless    
Kon kon ye song 2022 me soon rha hi
So beautiful Sunakshi
Hb

I love this song

I'm going to die, how sweet is this woman?
Akshay Kumar also goes to suit every heroine. It seems as if Akshay is made for her.
   namaste I am
⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘Love is Life from Nawab chaudhary zahoor⚘⚘
from chaudhary  zahoor⚘⚘
Sachi my Sonakshi mam's expression has changed a lot and to me Akshay Kumar's expression has changed a lot ️️
Dance, it's necessary
She even won an award for the best singer in the world, haha
Deir Talon has a microphone and they start dancing loud and clear
When I was young, I played football, I sang, I ran, I went to serve, and I went out with my friend. Nawdo Ngo laughed in Zonga, haha, she sang.
Doc, an 11-year-old woman, stopped with you. There is no respect, no education, no upbringing. She knows the good deeds of my heart. We were reading and laughing.
We play, children laughed, people took off your clothes, the generation remains only gold, it is beautiful, okay, there is dripping gold in the mountain, Qaa said it, we say, why is there anything, why do you go and make fun of him, let him dream about it, make us something, strange dreams create things that never happen
Wrong lyrics

10 out of 10

She is such a promising actress

tatighoolmetazebeznasey
May fevreth songh
argo chanto argli anm
<a href="">3:17</a> sonakshi ke hath upr they pic lete time ye achanak se photo mai niche kese hogaye or ye larkia bhi manjulika ban gai 

Saree️
Hi

My always favourite hero Akshay kumar
Very beautiful song

Best jodi
RAM I

Further feature on word sakira

My favorite song di 
Ami ilov compounder.
I love  you allah️️️️️️️
Amen ️️
Allah️️️️️
Allah️️️️️
Super duper
Beautiful

I️️️️ you Sonakshi ️️
I love her song

Now I know the origin of old ad man mein laddoo phoota from <a href="">2:50</a>

Super

So lovely song like the for you feel️️️️️
1:17 Sonakshi Sinha's face is looking very cute
Hello dear, today I'm on my feet at 16 o'clock at school until 3 o'clock I was in Vienna until 7 o'clock I arrived back in the city. I was in the office until now, now I have to study tomorrow there are 2 tests, dear, I'm very tired, a little more, so I'm going to sleep easy nice night and dream something nice for me 
Hdpdyurtuptutuutuyigigigihhi bbububub vvuvuvuvuvuubububhhbuvuvuvuvuvuvuvuvuvuvvuvu
Hdfufufufufufuuffuttuututututltuuttutututututututututututuuttuuttuitittitititiittititiyiguguihigigipgigiyiyiyiyiyiyiyigigiguguggugugupguguggugggugugugugugugug g bak g g hi go
Uffufufugugugugtugugugugigtugughhhhuhubububybyvvuhuuhbubi go village gobnyan geusambông prang gobnyan geusambông gampông gobnyan geumat gampông bouquet b c vvovovodif viv g
Uffugigigigigigizzigogogigigogogzihihozitzizitigiiggogogigogogogoggogigigigigigzttutitigig gampông gobnyan nakeuh hhihihohohohozogootozz Bireuen bak period b be that geupeudong v Bireuen vic di g c v
Uftutititigigiggigigirrir ji gihihihihi bin bububububu bububububu bak bububububu Bireuen bak buleuën boh b bak binèh bukét go bbihititididididid bububububu Bireuen nyang nakeuh Babussalam v
Ggugguggugugguguguggguggugugugugguugguguguggguggguggguguguggugguggugugugugguggggggggugugguguggugguvuvuvvugghuhhihihv Bireuen Bireuen bbubu
Butfulla  Gall  sixe Gall  I LOVE you my Darling.
Wow the best songs love you sonakshi

Sonakshi and Akshay Kumar jodi is best ️️️️️️️️️️
Super

MY favorite song 
MY favorite song 
Sano from best singer
Listening only for shreya

Hey boy
I ️
I wish to make her Muslim and merry with her and have big and nice family she get imaan and she able to enter in the janaat tul firdos with the order of Allah

Nice song mam

Sonakshi 
Pe&quot;&amp;&quot;Pe&quot;&quot;/&quot;=&quot;
Very beautiful 
Nice

Very nice song 

I love to learn

I love this song.

nice songs,and dance2021
I love sonakshi mam and akshay dr ji



Who is watching this beautiful song in 2021

Sheuly Islam.Super Song.

Voice of Shreya is completely matches with sona in this song ️

Look at the sky in front of the sky.


Mhare hiwda main nache mor
Sonakshi is chammak chhallo she is chammach 4 kilo 

Nice song ️️
<a href="">3:10</a> Image beautiful 
Superb Sonakshi ma&#39;am
Beautiful song  but the most beautiful is Lovely cute Sonakshi with great Akshay kumar Like if you like this song and are watching it in 2021 and will continue to watch

Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
<a href="">   Kaira
Sonaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasasssaaaaa
After long time Kumar️Sanu
Actually this song is Sonakhi's best acting.
Masha allha    
Very very nice songs 

My favorite acter akshay kumar
My favourite song and very nice song 
Awesome..
Sand me. did

Just like that song only for saroj Khan Ji.. She was  one of the finest clean choreographer in the whole world... Looks every step she marked up

Nice

3:4 one of the best acting by sonakshi 

Nice song,dance ,Heroine n everything in the music

Nice song 
Both are you  .....my favourite

Sonakshi and Akshay so beautiful

Song2 I lv u so much
On the stage of the world we see each other the way life is, everyone lives, some in their own style and some on their own.
When lean girls are not allowed in this song 

Nice song and nice video .
I LOVE U U U SONAKSHI SINHA CHMOK CHOLO REAL TALK ALL THE BEST
Ghulam rasool
Pattl

Wow

This . is a <a href="">best.and.nice.song</a>

Very awesome song

Really,  sonashki has mast mast neeen,  have so much naughty powerful chattkhare dar expressions,...  These expressions are fixing four moons on this simple song...

Sonashki sehna&#39;s naughty powerful face expressions is making this song unbeatable and unforgettable.... My favourite actress  of this age... I have seen trill in her of serii devi or mahduri... Anyways serii devi &#39;expressions were unmatchable,  she was legendary actress,  will always alive in our hearts

January&#39;s payment history different AgFch

anish

Nice song
This song has its own magic 

Hii

This song never gets old . I love it

Nice  video

Hariom. Namdev
A wohi hai n Jo KBC ke.  Ans    me sita boli thi

Very gorgeous songs and My favourite films

How beautiful she is

of the
Akshay is all time favourite n perfect but in this movie Sonakshi also looks beautiful ️

I love this song very much ️️️
I like  this  my favourite  hero

Jani khan

Super song heroine gajab ki hai
Beautiful song
All by

Feeling song
sonakkhi my faverit

Ham

Superb

Hariom.nayak
Mice

Sona&#39;s dance ️️️️
<b>Rowdy Rathore (2012)</b> f&#39;u&quot;l&#39;l M&#39;ö&#39;V&#39;l&quot;e———————————— ——————Watch Here: <a href="">oncinemaxonmovie.blogspot.com/tt2077833/</a>√ √ Elle ne s&#39;attendait pas à ce que lors d&#39;unе&quot;& #39;&quot;!️Thank you for reorganizing the live broadcast in the future! The live broadcast on this day was pretty awesome! More than 10,000 people watched it (lol) Carrots are the best! I was so excited when I accidentally forgot to turn off the camera. #39; Morikazu poor member. However, humanity's will to survive has been slightly rejected, stripped or destroyed, and the basic needs of humanity have reached a kind of way of life, and the human society continues to expand and adapt its DNA. . I don't want to eat food, but I don't need it, so I don't want to eat it. Reciprocal, there are other countries that have a similar view of meat and Japanese cuisine. Others: Clean, sliced, seasoned, seasoned vegetables, Japanese meat, and other foods:&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;
<b>Rowdy Rathore (2012)</b> F&#39;ú&quot;l&#39;l M&#39;0&#39;V&#39;i&quot;E———————————— ——————Watch Here : <a href="">iyancinemax.blogspot.com/tt2077833/bdbd</a>..!️Thank you for reorganizing the live broadcast in the future! The live broadcast on this day was pretty awesome! More than 10,000 people watched it (lol) Carrots are the best! I was so excited when I accidentally forgot to turn off the camera. #39; Morikazu poor member. However, humanity's will to survive has been slightly rejected, stripped or destroyed, and the basic needs of humanity have reached a kind of way of life, and the human society continues to expand and adapt its DNA. . I don't want to eat food, but I don't need it, so I don't want to eat it. Reciprocal, there are other countries that have a similar view of meat and Japanese cuisine. Others, clean, sliced, seasoned and seasoned vegetables, Japanese meat, food: &#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;√ Lorsqu&#39;une pille √&quot;&#39; &quot;
Hi

Nice song
Akshay&#39;s in life a very hardwork  nice a.k

Wow

Very very nice ️️
Institution
Nice
People say a lot bad about sonakshi but muje hume sa se uski expression ache lage hai yeh song mai expression kitney mast diye hai

Sweet are
Oh my God sonakshi is so beautiful

wow beautiful big brown eyes and a beautiful woman she is perfect 

Tu

Ko

Heyee, Shreya mam,,sadkee jaouu apki voice prr sai ️️️
Mousimi Naha

When I listen to an old song in a new time, how much do I listen to it?
U

We want these types of songs.. not neha, yoyo honey, badshah, just hate them

SONA!!!! FIGGGG ISSS BOMBBBBBB&gt;3HER EXPRESSIONS WOWWWWW&gt;3AKSHAY SIR MIND BLOWINGGGSHREYA GHOSHALL HAAAAYEEEEEE MAIN MAR JAWANN&gt;3!!!!1

Ooohf

This song reminds me of my school days

Why are the comments so boring?

Sonakshi sinha is a best dancer

Very nice song

Prince Kumar Das JiSo sweet video
Great nice song kya Jodi hai Sonakshi Sinha and Akshay Kumar 
70. O you who believe! Be conscious of Allah,

and speak in a straightforward manner.

71. He will rectify your conduct for you, and

will forgive you your sins. Whoever obeys Allah and His Messenger has won a great victory.

72. We offered the Trust to the heavens, and

the earth, and the mountains; but they refused to bear it, and were apprehensive of it;

but the human being accepted it. He was unfair and ignorant.

73. Allah will punish the hypocrites, men and

women, and the idolaters, men and women.

And Allah will redeem the believers, men and

women. Allah is Ever-Forgiving, Most Merciful.

Akshay kumar best sar
l

Good

Sanu's voice is one.
67. SOVEREIGNTY (al-Mulk) 



In the name of Allah, the Gracious, the Merciful 

1. Blessed is He in whose hand is the sovereignty, and Who



has power over everything. 2. He who created death and life—to test you—as to

which of you is better in conduct. He is the Almighty, the Forgiving. 3. He who

created seven heavens in layers. You see no discrepancy in the creation of the

Compassionate. Look again. Can you see any cracks? 4. Then look again, and

again, and your sight will return to you dazzled and exhausted. 5. We have

adorned the lower heaven with lanterns, and made them missiles against the

devils; and We have prepared for them the punishment of the Blaze. 6. For those

who reject their Lord, there is the torment of Hell. What an evil destination!

7. When they are thrown into it, they will hear it roaring, as it seethes. 8.

It almost bursts with fury. Every time a batch is thrown into it, its keepers

will ask them, “Has no warner come to you?” 9. They will say, “Yes, a warner did

come to us, but we disbelieved, and said, ‘Allah did not send down anything;

you are very much mistaken.’” 10. And they will say, “Had we listened or

reasoned, we would not have been among the inmates of the Blaze.” 11. So they

will acknowledge their sins. So away with the inmates of the Blaze. 12. As for

those who fear their Lord in secret— for them is forgiveness and a great

reward. 13. Whether you keep your words secret, or declare them—He is Aware of

the inner thoughts. 14. Would He not know, He Who created? He is the Refined,

the Expert. 15. It is He who made the earth manageable for you, so travel its

regions, and eat of His provisions. To Him is the Resurgence. 16. Are you

confident that the One in heaven will not cause the earth to collapse beneath

you as it spins? 17. Or are you confident that the One in Heaven will not

unleash against you a violent storm? Then you will know what my warning is

like. 18. Those before them also denied the truth; and how was my disapproval?

19. Have they not seen the birds above them, spreading their wings, and folding

them? None holds them except the Compassionate. He is Perceiver of everything.

20. Or who is this who is a force for you to protect you against the

Compassionate? The disbelievers are in nothing but delusion. 21. Or who is this

that will provide for you, if He withholds His provision? Yet they persist in

defiance and aversion. 22. Is he who walks bent on his own design better

guided, or he who walks upright on a straight path? 23. Say, “It is He who produced

you; and made for you the hearing, and the vision, and the organs. But rarely

do you give thanks.” 24. Say, “It is He who scattered you on earth, and to Him

you will be rounded up.” 25. And they say, “When will this promise be

fulfilled, if you are truthful?” 26. Say, “Knowledge is with Allah, and I am

only a clear warner.” 27. But when they see it approaching, the faces of those

who disbelieved will turn gloomy, and it will be said, “This is what you used

to call for.” 28. Say, “Have you considered? Should Allah make me perish, and

those with me; or else He bestows His mercy on us; who will protect the

disbelievers from an agonizing torment?” 29. Say, “He is the Compassionate. We

have faith in Him, and in Him we trust. Soon you will know who is in evident

error.” 30. Say, “Have you considered? If your water drains away, who will

bring you pure running water?”

49. And the book will be placed, and you willsee the sinners fearful of its contents. Andthey will say, “Woe to us! What is with thisbook that leaves nothing, small or big, but ithas enumerated it?” They will find everythingthey had done present. Your Lord does notwrong anyone.50. We said to the angels, “Bow down toAdam.” So they bowed down, except for Satan. He was of the jinn, and he defied thecommand of his Lord. Will you take him andhis offspring as lords instead of Me, whenthey are an enemy to you? Evil is the exchange for the wrongdoers.51. I did not call them to witness the creationof the heavens and the earth, nor their owncreation; and I do not take the misleaders forassistants

Awesome yarr
Who loves sonakshi sinha only in this song ? 

I love this song

Sonakshi Sinha best love
Akshay Kumar best sar
Algeria, 
Cheoreography of late saroj khan

I love this song and love sonakshi sinha

So cute Akshay sir ️
11

Expressions are toooooo good... Sonakshi mam awesome 

Shreya Ghoshal = Blockbuster song Congratulations to all because we are blessed with such a melodious and heartwarming voice of Queen Shreya Ghoshal....Songs sung by Melody Queen Shreya Ghoshal gives me peace of heaven... I haven&#39;t ignore any song sung by Shreya Ghoshal in any language.Dislikers may didn&#39;t know what meant by melody otherwise who can ignore the peace of heaven sung by The Melody Queen Shreya Ghoshal...

10

Pure dance of Sonakshi 

Hii

I like this song

Lovely song..
Mast sonakshi
Three times
We won&#39;t old bolywood 
I love you to death 
Wow ️️
I am happy
<a href="">

Ok

Ganesha song
30   Whoever does that, out of hostility and wrongdoing, We will cast him into a Fire. And that would be easy for God.31   If you avoid the worst of what you are forbidden, We will remit your sins, and admit you by a Gate of Honor.

Kon kon ya song 2021 ma sun Raha hai like Karo ️️️I love song 
Lovely song....

Nice

Jitendra kumar
Cheater number one
Love you

.  .

3Essa RSS RSS RSS Essa EssaVidaRSS D like a w...C-d was

Mahi singh
wowwwwwwwww

So cute song
RIP Saroj and Wajid ji

Very nice song

Pills, 2 shares, and Al Jazeera Saudi Arabia, the total number of texts that are 6, does not fall under anything, but I do not know why, Abu Muhammad Hassan Al-Maleh, during the recent period 
And the family of

Judah ham zo'r.
I love you

So nice song  and dance is amazing 

Religious songs

Very  very  nice  song

I love  this  SongI  love sonakshi s  expressions   are amazing   and awesome   performance in this song

I  love  Sonakshi sinha  very  very  much forever and forever God bless you  sonakshiBe happy always foreverKeep  smiling always Long  live  May  you  have good health happiness and prosperity forever

You have danced very well for everyone️ People are going crazy ️
One of the most beautiful songs of Indian cinema
Nice

Giydv

Mind-blowing song super️
Mareyessmarehamaregendagemarejanhotum
Yessjanmamareyesskehumaregendagemarejankehuma
I love this song

Maduekortehuhumdonokobenamilahumdonokobenamila
Sonakshi 
Kumar sanu made come back in Bollywood with this song at that time

Its nice song

Mamareyesskobhutmohobatkortehujanudelojansatumachatehujanu

Mamareyessmarehamarejaniloveuiloveuyess
Mareyesspamujagenatumsagendagetumsahegenachatehu
Awesome songs
Mareyessmarehamarepearaperasajanhotum

Nbnf

 love it
Good

Aysalagtadamnekaljayagajanuaakenkornajanu
Yessmaredilitnajorjorsadharkrahehabhuttakleforahajanu
(Ye rup rag mera jad fitno ki) _ooosam my fevrite singer Shreya Ghoshal
Wow 
Nice

I like you song 
Muja to shreya ghosal ki voice achai lagi

There is no recipe
Which song should you like in September 2020?
Sharuk khan the best of king khan

Are there Malayalees watching this? ️
Who is watching this song in 2020. In lock down. Mind blowing song

Nice

Very nice song.

This actor vrey  nice bast of woild thinks atikemon999 also Bangladeshi

Wow sheray goshal key gata ho

Very nice
In modern timeThis song give feelings of 90&#39;s because singers r -Kumar saanu and shreya ghoshal ️

Sonakshi ,she is a superb dancer

This actur or flims with flims best of world thinks md alom also +atik999emon also Bangladeshi damund papule to see oll actur my friends bast of world thinks Bangladeshi

This actur my favourite bast of woild thinks

Wow

I like this song

This actur with dance best of would Damnud  pepule atikemon999 mastty see oil md shame

Fantastic
Good

Nice topic, greetings from Peru
BINOD BHAIYYA GHAR KYU NHI AAYE ABHI TK, KHA HO?

This actor with flim best of world thinks md shamsul alom also Bangladeshi +md Atikemon999  Dgtul Bangla

I love songs
Very very nice song

 ...... Nice Song
So great <a href="">#love</a>&amp;dance

<a href="">

Waoww.. if I watch this song..  give me laugh and give me feel happy .. Aksay kumar is the best hot star cool handsome and the best actor 

It reminds me my childhood Love you shreya ghoshal If agree like... Toh banta hair..

she is fricking GORGEOUS, wtf.

Good
Who else enjoyed this songHit like

music is beautiful !! from Africa (Cameroon).️️
So huge actress . Bollywood has so beautiful girls. Why this one?

Whats the name of the movie

Sooo beautiful!! From Japan Sooo beautiful!
Kookiest

Superb <a href="">#SparkCreativeSolutions</a>

Marathi songs
Akki 
Pearl Sonakshi
Mahni was great but the raffle is not suitable
Reminds me Chhabbeela 
chat heart
Hey Bhai Satrugan Sinha said that no one will come to the heroine from tomorrow but he sent his own daughter
I loved it
My fauvrete song
How lovely are you Sonakshi
️️⚘⚘⚘️⚘⚘⚘ ah, ah, cool video!!!
That special appearance of Kumar Sanu Daa is enough to make this song more special!!!

loved Sonakshi expressions in this song

Mansaj Raj frourite song

Sonakshi
Good.... My fst new friends

..........

One of the most underrated song

Malardium
Yeh song jinko bhi acho lga ho to wo comment kare and like

Nice songs.......<a href="">#LoveDoust</a>
Ish Song Kis kis ko Pasand Laga Like Or Comment Karo..

Classic 
Shreya ma&#39;am epic song

Amazing 
Video

RIP Wajid bhai...nice composition... Shreya is incredible ! Fantastic rendering and choreography

from IRAQ LOVE India 
Eg ko na ata na ley dindy kir bike na chi chury kira day betty ko bich apna ko

Every day I keep doing whatever my brother told me, I keep doing everything every day until I get bored.
Kumar sanu 
I like the song

Nice Song

We want back in Bollywood , Kumar Sanu .

Wah wah

What day do you cry? bsdko
I remembered the old days...it was such an old time since today.
Im number 15 comments on 05062020 at 00.06am..hahhaa

Admission is going on ...The Assam Royal Global University Guwahati...<a href="">

Very old song

Kumar Sanu the best singer

Like  if you are coming here to see the comments

Chamak Challo Chel Chabeli
Wah Wajid Bhai RIP  
Super!!

First view first comment!!

Wow so super song

RIP WAJID
