“The most fortunate people get their love first..The real value of success is appreciated by the one who has seen it first..”Keep Sharing, Keep Loving!
My 10th boards are going, it helped. Cried while watching this.

Today I failed in Board exam of class 11 

I wasn&#39;t going to cry... But the ending made me cry...

When I say this EXACT thing has bewn happening with me lately.. Mi am in 12th grade and the whole scenario seems as if he has seen my situation lately.... Really needed this video...

Great video

<a href="">2:40</a> this happened with me so 1st video that make me cry 

Aansu aagye year so emotional video
Only the lucky ones get hit hard first.
Always watch this video during exam season

I wish my parents were like that too.
My parents always support me likes Bablu ji 
Gulabi dil Gulabi dil xd..........
Habibi :- come to kota Rajasthan 

My eyes filled with tears after watching this

watched this video 4 years ago didn&#39;t understood this but now this feels like its my truth

Bhuvan bhai is not only a comedian but also a best motivational speaker.
watching this before my boards 

Life is a more difficult test than this court exam 
These Parents are just like God

Yee friend ma hi to nhi 
Thank you bhaiya
Wow
Bro I literally crying because  I also suffering from this

Better than any motivational videos 

A man with Zero haters 

Yeh video pehle ki hai mai dekha hu but I am now proud to say ki mai bhi ek 11th fail hu but though my parents are proud of who I am..

Watching before my boardsIt&#39;s really motivates me 

best video

I HAVE MY BOARD EXAMS IN THE NEXT FEW DAYS AND THIS POPED UP OUT OF NOWHERE IN MY FEED AND LEFT ME CRYING.

 rula diya yarr
Love you bb
I&#39;m 21 as of now. As I&#39;m typing this I&#39;m crying. I fully understand I&#39;m of no use to my family, always been average my parents have spent a lot of money on me but still Im no use. I should have not existed in the first place, my parents deserve better son. I should just die. That&#39;s my truth

best video
Machali for some reason did not fall on the tree because she is the queen of water ️
This is for kota students thanku bb

<a href="">3:15</a> bro this. Is true 

Thats a real support every one want

This is the true motivation brother, hold a parents meeting and show it to everyone.
My first comment on your video dear BB sir.....I didn&#39;t laugh even one bit on this video.....And this is the most powerful video every age should watch

<a href="">4:20</a> He was talking about himself 
Bhai this line &quot;keetabo ke bojh se zyada, samaj ke baaton ka bojh, zyada bhari hotey hai&quot; touched my heart. I wish only if i would have got an elder brother like u, then i wouldn&#39;t have been drowning my own self in the ocean of depression and despair.... Thank you for this message. Love from West Bengal 

Thanks bhuvan sir
This is more inspiring the 12th fail

Wish i had parents like this.This can only happen in fiction, reality is something else.

One of the best and motivational videos ️ Love you brother for representing one of the sad reality of this society 

You&#39;re the best  your words are heart touching  love you bro from aurangabad/sambhajinagar 

Best video of BB

I love you BB
Best video ever BB 
They loved it

Hi I was seeing this video when my parents entered my room

Love you bb

This video is going to change my life.

Thank you bb All parents are not this understanding,and I understand that but really thank u for this video.

Truth but parents only need marks , percentage they don&#39;t see how much hard working we are doing they only see our report card 

Bhai, hamesha hasaathe they Aaj ruladiya sacchi

Golden words
You nailed it bb hstts off

I have also failed in 4 subjects of 1st sem, what to do, I feel like my future life will not be worth it
Really motivate Kardiya Babloo ji ne
You hit the right spot bb ki vinesYou make me cry

The burden of society...
Brother, I keep watching this video almost every year, and without liking it, nothing happens in my eyes.
Everytime i see this video i cry and got motivated At end &quot;Hoshiar hai krr lega is best&quot;&quot;

Great lesson 🇵🇰
<a href="">4:05</a>
lost a friend this year wish i was closer to him and help him but our society........

Kash mummy papa bhi aise hothey

Parent&#39;s should watch this video.. things would be better

Why most of the videos have 1(69)k likes ????

Soup 
I feel good now 

Only two day remaining to publish my HSC exam result. Please pray for me

your acting‍‍
Best video from BB 

Every student should  watch  bhuvan&#39;s this video 

Brother I am crying again and again yrrr
Brother, why doesn't my father care so much?
Thanks

One of the best video on this channel 

My father abused me and insulted me in front of others.
You make me cry man 
Hats off sir. You have written that my age is hurt but in your acting you look like a big and responsible man 
Love you bb

You made me cry for real 

I wish my parents stayed in such a hotel
The sad truth is some of us could never get to hear this from our fathers

Thank for motivation 
 loved it the level of motivation

Someone send this to my parents 

Bhai u r correct  me khud ek baap hu pr mere betta 10 me fail fir v use mene Ninja x10 dila kr di mere a laaal he to sab he warn nothing

These videos are the reason that makes me YOUR DIE HARD FAN

BB same situation like u. I used to take tension for less marks. Parents never scolded me for that but it was all in me.I&#39;m still in the same situation in the last stage of my studies.

Bhuvan Bam is such an artist, who can make you laugh and cry

I wish it really happened 
Thanks yr Bhuvan.. Abhi had the intention of quitting the race… but now I am not 
Gg....bb nice one
Nyx video 
Pata nhi bhuvan bhai aap in purane videos ke comment dekhte ho ya nhi par aaj Yeh video achanak recommend hui currently going through a lot of situations and this video just boosted me up kabhi bhi Mein stress ya depressed hota hu aapke aur ashish bhai ke videos chala leta hu bhale hi kitni purani har bara hasa dete hai love you BB

mind blowing video...very wholesome....one of the best eyeopeners...and i literally cried on this one!! Love it!!!

The feeling is relatable
Nah. Only the score matters as it decides your future. No future, no life. So, it&#39;s better to work hard for a great future &amp; do whatever possible for that. If you still don&#39;t get what you struggled for, your life is in your hands. You can morph it. So, tatakae!

Love BB you are best

It’s 2023 and this video still makes me cry..If you are reading this comment Bhuvan sir.... Thank you for this video and god bless!!

Understanding this video in 2023 ...

Kaash sabke parents ase ho 

Brother, why don't you app, there are no labs to rate 
Damn, it was a deep message, Thank you so much for always making us laugh. Loved it.

I was 65 so I was dancing.
That's right 
Till today there was a lot of laughter on every video of BB but today brother made me emotional by telling the reality 
Rila diya bhai
bhai love you

that friend is Bhuvan himself talking about

How much would have happened if everyone had such supportive parents:)
Motivation by bhuvan bam 

It was a good message 

You are great sir 

thanks a lot bb aaj ja jake es video ka asli matlab samaj aya jab khudh hua hua ful baar
Showing reality through humour 

Had watched this when I was in class 7.Back then I didn&#39;t even know what failure looked like. I am understanding this now when I am not able to prove myself. Still I have that hope inside.Thanks bhuvan..

Idol for a reason.

really , he deserves , what he is today;

<a href="">3:56</a> It's been 3 years since I completed 12th or I might as well feel like I said it behind the numbers.....
My parents have been saying since childhood &quot;If you don't have good numbers, your nose will fall apart, your hair will be thrown out&quot; And now also you say it lol
I am also 54 years old on 10th 
I love my father, he always protected me, supported me in every way, never made me feel less than anyone….there is no wealth except my father…what is the matter of time, what is bad today is good tomorrow. b will happen......
The only video of BB in which I cried ...



needed this so much at this moment. thank you bb&lt;3

It's been 4 years, 1 year left
We all need thinking of Babloo Jii...

This is the way I failed in 11th when my parents loved me  I have been working since then (not in mobile)  Just told me ️
Ma ne bhi haar dekhi  ha bohat dukh hoya samaj chori mere to apne bhai bahen ne mujhe rulaya mera mazak banaya jab mere result ki baat karte the to baher se to smile de kar baat taal deta tha lekin room ma ja kar akela rota tha mere school walo ne mere samne mere baba ki baezatti ki ki dukh to bohat hua dill kar raha tha inke school ko jala du lekin baba ne gaari ma akr meri bezatti ki tab mera bhi dill yahi kar raha tha ke apni jaan dedo

BRO YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION ONE DAY I WILL ACHIVE THAT WHAT I WANT ......INSHALLAH

<a href="">1:57</a> That&#39;s line 
Such a lovely video 

Made this video 20 years ago
bb is something that is to a next level

I don&#39;t know why I am not trying hard I have everything money for books , college, etc. I don&#39;t have interest in studying but my father tells me without studying nothing is possible. I don&#39;t know how to communicate with people, no friends, no one supports me. I fight alone. Sometimes my parents scolds me,  but in exam results time they don&#39;t....... i don&#39;t understand why God made me 

I failed in my 12th std board exm got 46% but still failed in phy n maths.Left studies coz didnt wanted to make Career through it.1 yrs completely drp out until covid came n made things even worst ! Again 1 yr drp out.I was 2 yrs behind in my lifeThen reality hit me up, understood things, become wise and now I&#39;m in my final yr preparing for MBANot sure whether I&#39;ll crack into IIMs but I&#39;ll surely land up in 1 of d top B-schools in IndiaAgain I&#39;ll come on this channel till then wait for my comment coz only in this video I felt myself not a die hard BB fan but this this is d perfect gem of all BBs creation 



Brother, you gave me the pain of this time,,,,
mujhe test mein 65% mile the..mein tensed tha...but intermediate mein 93% hi aaye...BB just got me real.

And after this vdo every forgot it nah , thats not what we are supposed to do. Let&#39;s take the initiative and start the awareness. Lets do and prove it can happen in india.

I am in my 10th right now and needed motivationThis gives a next level of confidenceNow I know I am going to Ace it To every hustler every student Just Keep your hardwork above everythingAnd you will reach the top

Very well but I am fale in 2 standard 
This video is fully opposite in real life

Brother, I love you dear friend.
Miss u papa shab ji 
Till date gives me goosebumps and motivates me every single day. Bhuvan bhai I love you 


Bhai saying true story 

Utube recommended this in a correct time..always love u bb

I haven't seen anything in my studies. It is very predictable when comparison is made. And whenever I see you, everyone asks me '39; engineering karni hai?&#39;
Why is everyone thinking the same thing?!?!
Watching after 4years

It's been 4 years since I watched this video. Do you ever get depressed after watching it? I had failed in 12th but today when I look back at the past, I feel that it is good that life has shown me respect for the first time.
&quot; The weight of the stones of the society has become heavier than the weight of the books &quot;
Bb is also legend with no gali and double meaning... hosiyaar hai

True: not everyone think like this

Heart touching

Here after 2yrs... Can&#39;t control my tears...love you gem&lt;3

Thissss wassssss your bestt videoooo 
Great story 
He proved that everyone has different talent 

What is this song of piano?
Best motivational video Please pin

Bhai all parents should watch this one video of bb Ki Vines

This type of father is blessingsBut ...This is only a character ️️

I guess this is the only video of the channel where whole family can watch and they should watch!

THAT FRIEND IS NONE OTHER THAN ME.....................................

BHAIYA YOUR BHOT HASAYA MAGER Aaj Sach Me Rula Diya 
I wish everyone had a father like this... 
Only if i was courageous enough to send this to my parents

father of motivation
Wow....just   
Bhaiya we love you
If only father like him exist in reality not in reel

Parenting tip: Samaj aur bachhe ki beech ki diwaar hote hai Maa Baap

3000 love bb

And usne krliaa Dhindhora and taaza khabar super hit

Only applicable for younger child and those parents who have only one child!!!!!!!!!!!‍‍‍‍Elder child ko to kuchvhi bol dete hain!!!!!‍‍‍‍
Hit like if watching between 12Am-6Am

Brother, if everyone's parents take exams then it is important to know that the child will never commit suicide.. One is to fail, the other is the tension of comparison with relatives and the same is the strange taunt of family members daily, a failure student is known as Kaali Raatein. How did you die alone?
This guy has created history just by talking himself salute u brother god bless u 

thank u

Love you bro  for motivation
Mujhe ghanta phark nhi padta 

I love this video  thank you

2023 legend 
Heart touching story bhuvan bhaiya

My friend in my childhood was very smart and topper in his class but one day what happened in +2 was that he scored 60 percent and then he became very sad and committed suicide. It is true'incident
Brother ruled today
watched this four years ago, but didn&#39;t connect with the meaning that much. Don&#39;t get me wrong. I loved the video even back then.. but after four years when I have faced so many failures since last year, I&#39;m crying so much after watching this. My parents are very supportive. but still, I just don&#39;t want to be a disappointment to them anymore...

One of the best video on bb ki vines 

Maa baap Aisa tabhi keh pate Hain jab unhone apne bacche ko mehnat karte dekha hota haiNhi toh generally bahar ke disappointment utar hi dete hainPersonal experience hai bhaiPehle lagta tha mere maa baap aise nhi HainWo mujhe dushro se compare nhi karte Par wo tab tak tha jab humare sab se jyada acche result ate theJese hi mukam se thoda niche utre toh pehle toh expectation pe na utarne ka tag lagaAur ab sach me lagta hai &#39; sab kuch ek bar mein ruk jaye&#39;

Agar parents bhuvam ke papa ki tarah supportive hoge to suicide rate kam ho jayge

Exact same situation;percentage , friend mark
This video must pass through my family as soon as possible. It has created a burden of books for me.
15/07/2023Today i just gave my college final year paper CC13 . I am in 6th sem bsc math honours student  but i hardly ans near pass marks besides my handwriting is not good so i am in worry wheather i pass this last sem or not.I have never failed in my life .if i fail in 6 th sem it will be my first failure in my academic. I am feeling headache  i have 3 more paper CC14 ,DSE 3,DSE 4 .i can&#39;t concentrate in study . I have lot of dream but perhaps it will break now..Hey god plz make me pass  in this year. I want to complete graduation this year . After seeing this video i am crying . What i will say my parents friends.what teacher will think.. Life is not easy  for anyone. Feeling helpless .Sorry father , mother ,my elder sister .(Perhaps noone ever thought that I can fail in xm as i was school topper. But school , college are not same , lot of factors matter)The pain  which i am feeling now can only be felt by a person which is now in this situation.Ohh GOD. (My exam ends in 24/07/2023). 

Very hardworking 
Fuck society

Every student want this type of motivation from parents ️️



Salute

This is heartouching vedio

you are right brother

Like A Parnets like them

2023 
08/07/2023

Watching this video in 2023

First time  you made me cry..... ️
I wish my mother and father were like this.
So emotional ️
This point every peoole got good marks then mi

understanding parents
I watched this video 2 years ago for the first time and cried like a child.Today, 28/06/23, I got my Third Semester result and I got to know that I got a backlog in mathematics.For 1 hour I couldn&#39;t find out how to say this to my parents. My father called in the night and I couldn&#39;t resist myself from telling my mother and father about the backlog.  And I started crying like a child .And my mother said &quot;Ki hoyeche backlog peyechis toh, jibon sesh thodiy hoye gelo, kanna bondho kor ,jibone badha to asbei ,keu tor pase thakuk na thakuk,tor maa baba ache ,er besi ki chai tor?I&#39;m grateful and blessed to have parents like them.  I will definately bump this after 5 years.

In this sceen i want see titu mama

Some words bablo uncle said in this video I really like it 

my situation right now 

&quot;The examination of these papers makes life much more difficult, son&quot; Best line
<a href="">04:36</a>

Yarr...This video is amezing 

Ahhhh ...This video literally make me   cry

till ths day this vid bangs

2023 

Best motivation video
Our generation who used to watch bb...I think will become better parents in future.

He crossed all the limits of being relatable

Brother please don't make any video please do 
Oh brother, I cried after seeing you after 4 years.
Today after 4 years that boy has become a superstar 
<a href="">3:00</a> What a joke ab log has made.. we all are confused in ourselves. I hate myself...
Mujhe to maar mili thi 

We want more content like this

Great work...
father
best video for  today

Salute !!

Kas reality ma asa hota
Best motivated vdo ever i saw!!!!Big Fan from Bangladesh bro

The 1st YouTuber who doesn't do anything in the videos is hoti, and the other YouTubers are not hoti, but you are different.
When u realise the suicide student was bhuvan himself

Mai ro gaya cz i relate to this.. ngl mai hi wo dost hu.. mereko bhi suicidal thoughts aa rahe hai 

Or mere maa bap khud samaj ki. Tarah toxic ho gye .. jbki ghlti education system ki thi 

Only 1% parents watch bb ki vines

Love you hogya

If you keep looking at others' plates, you will always find yourself eating less.
bb is best actor in youtube

We need parents like bablu jii
I wish even i had such parents.
Best 
Love you BB vines

First vedio off bb is friendly friendly

Love you BB KI Vines ️️️Group
Pain is felt by the one who passes heart ️ hota hai! PR mere pass to heart hi nhi hai, i don't feel pain any longer️‍
Brother, I have found my heart 
I wish every parents could think like this

reality hits when you understand there was no friend it was bhuvan&#39;s feelings all along

Everyone loves these parents 
This is soo deep. Parents sometimes can’t understand the effect of there words nd support towards the child. At that point children become vulnerable. Help people around u, u don’t know how much someone need to have a polite conversation. That’s oll u need to do, just say THEY CAN.

Hi, bb vines. Maybe you Won&#39;t even read my comment. But yes, I am from Bangladesh &amp; going through my admission phrase very awfully. I have already disappointed my parents &amp;...i can relate with everything that Bhuvan us feeling right now. This video, just made me feel light. I think the thoughts that are in my head now are common but exceptional would be to pass this phrase..Thanks buddy 🇧🇩️

FUNNY SE EMOTIONAL KAHA SE KAHA  A GAYE BAUI TUM

<a href="">2:38</a>

<a href="">2:38</a>

You will laugh ur heart out after watching this guy but ur emotions will also gets better of u when u see his other side ..such is his versatility..

Parents in parallel world 

Ill pay u back one day for saving me

Lv u bb for this video ️‍
<a href="">3:37</a> <a href="">3:39</a> <a href="">3:40</a> <a href="">3:40</a> <a href="">3:42</a>

Made me cry
 Story of every student

@bhuvanbam Bhai, my parents are saving me, after seeing myself, I feel that if you do everything then at least you will feel bad for a few days and then you will forget but every day I feel like killing you, kill yourself.
BB you are the legend man Love U 

Reminded me of my father 
It was really a nice episode Bhuvan bhai. I&#39;m a big fan of yours. Love you bhai.️️
I wish my parents watched bb 

I have same situation in my house just like bb’s parents  even my parents supports all my failures 

You&#39;re like a big brother bhuvan bhai 

Mai toh hasne aaya tha 

I also have 65% marks in 12th.
I releated to much with this video i got 77 in 10 std but my parents didnt care i was compared felt disgraced and they made me feel that i did something so bad that i cant even recover from it

Nice bro

Parents are like this best video 

Thanks BB

Real BB are rocking now 

bro i want to send this video to my parents but i can&#39;t 

BB is so adorable

The real value of success is given to the one who has given up his life Keep hustling 
Last 4 years, how many times have I watched this video, I have always been hoping to see mom and dad 
One off the Bestest video in yt

Absolutely relatable 

Thank you so much for this video bb bhai

BB directly touched the heart Amazing video

I literally cried 

<a href="">2:32</a> Did you know that I also have talent that others do not have?
I just wish that everyone's father was like Bablu ji ️
Me see this video before my results

I am still crying in full video 

Bhuvan Bhai you are also a motivator

No words to describe...

Its was much needed ️

Thanks for Motivation
Literally my father related the same way .I scored 75 with PCM as subjects. I was crying whole day but my father didn&#39;t make me feel ashamed for that even for once. My parents supported me a lot and said to focus on the future whats done is done . they are really great parents.I love them a lot.

This video touch my heart  

best video every by bhuvan bam

Lovely 

How can I give a thousand likes?

<a href="">1:00</a>

Bhai ‍️u r great
Even fair colour doesn&#39;t want to treat like that we also feel awkward and scholarship is not only thing..every colour is respected 

Socity need to watch this!!!

<a href="">4:45</a> Amit Badana took &quot;Hustle&quot; In a wrong way 
Bhuvan bhaiya I also have 66% and I am no. My parents supported me a lot when I started writing.
Deep meaning 
Don&#39;t cry while watching 

This helps me to get through a lot

Thank you Bhuvan bhai for this video. Giving strength to my failures.

Ye video dil ko chu gayi
And the parents still think that depression is just acting…

Hasane wale jyaad hai hai
I watched it before when it was released and now i had just given my exams finals and this video seems related i lost confidence in myself i tried and still if i don’t succeed it didnt seems like to work hard

<a href="">3:15</a> is the best 

If life is as easy as this, then I will not eat it, I will feel...️️
Best video 
BB sir emotional video ......hai yeh heart touching 

The best ever moral video I had ever seen

BB be like ; Timepaas ni hora chlo kisi video ka thumbnail change krdeta hu

Friend, 75% is there.. and the rest is 80% above.. it is feeling very bad because Papa is not able to feed the sweets of happiness. Everyone else's parents brought cakes and sweets for their children, but I was the only child... My sisters are all smart and have reputation in their schools, I am not respected. I didn't even realize that the woman who made me was not even a penny. My parents don't even know what I am, even though I have told them 10,000 times. There is no support... I am much more beautiful than you.
I wish my parents also stayed like this 
Watching this just 4days before my board result.I don&#39;t know what will happen to my results but i definitely got the inspiration form the video to face the results.

All mothers and fathers are not like this, brother 
I came after failing
I have tasted defeat, sadness is too much, anger is my solution, I was in front of the destination but could not reach it, but again I will run towards the destination, will keep running, and this time I will keep reaching the destination, the destination will change. This time the fun of the journey is long, we will reach again, we will come back again, on this comment, we will definitely come back.
<a href="">2:53</a> i got almost cried
This video made me cry. For the first time BB made me cry

Rula diya yrr!
Bhai tune ye sare thumbnail badalke ekdum gadha hag diya hai ekdum bkwas

No matter what Parents are our biggest well wishers. They protect us like the roof on our head and teach us like the best mentors or ever. Support us in every way possible. In all manners they are the real one who cares for us 

Every Indian parents are like Bablu ji you have to show the brighter side of your&#39;s to your parents. they will fight with god to save you if you share all talks with your parents

Mere parents NE to kabhi mujhe padhai  ke liye kuch nahi kiya kyoki vo mujhe pressure nahi Dena chahte the Love you  parents

<a href="">3:53</a> I realize this thing

I don&#39;t know about others...but this vodeo made me cry

hey
77% of these are just a lot of sadness in life
Babloo ji just realized he is not talking about friend he&#39;s himself,, and just see bablooji&#39;s face expressions Superb

I failed today in 12th
This gave me goosebumps
karliya bhuvan is not smart
This is the defferent between... influencer and youtubers... proud of you BB

Bro 4 saal pehle ki video but still as fresh as morningAaj hi result aaya mera91 hai par estimate se kam aayePapa mummy samjha rahe the ki bahut achhe marks hai but mai khud naaraaz tha But ye video recommend hui and mujhe realisation hua and moment after that I  tightly hugged my father Thanks bhuvan dadaFrom a young fan...

i m literally watching this after 4 years...and the fun fact is that soon my class 10 boards result will be declared...i m literally in the lowest point of my life because i know my parents are not supportive and they will not be okay when they hears my result...i m trying my best to keep myself strong 

Just at the time all i can say is you cant change what has already happened but you can definitely design whats about to happen and you never know with a better future you may rebuild your past!

Watching after class 10th board result 

Watching this video for the first time in 2023 my exams are going on and same is happening with me I am not a distinction Wala student I am an average guy you made me feel relaxed thank you mr bhuvan such videos have an impact beyond the time they are made With love 

When mother and father are not with me then they are against me.
Watching this after my class 12 result

Aaj 12 th aur 10 th ki result ayu h bahut sare bacho nko ye smahna toh padega hi

I got 89% feeling sad for only 1% left for 90% benchmark 
Not all parents are one.
I am lucky here that my father always support me like bablu ji , i got 58% in 10th and my future plan was to took a science and every relatives said to my dad he is not a science student but my dad never listen to them , in 12th i got 45% even after that i got a admission in nursing because of my father he never listen to anyone and today i am in canada , i cracked ielts and now i am happy with my life , so wherever i am today because of my father ️️️️️

this video literally made me cry love you bro this is such an amazing video. This is so freaking relatable man and the way you showcased babloo ji......... i have no words for this<a href="">2:39</a> this is the time it hit

Yes ️
I literally showed this to my parents after I got less percentile in jee mains.... And the way they responded was golden... Bhuvan you have their respect 

Bablu jii I need a father like u

Truth : even if bb k vines abuses but those words have a deep meaning 

Rip to those who showed this video to parents after failing the exam

happend to me i almost jumped from the 5th floor but this kept me not too!

My feelings after exams. I also have feeling to quite but also have feeling for parents. Once my atya savede me by dying by current .

Great 
My parent don&#39;t watch bbkv.. someone plzz forward this video to them

One thing is true no matter what the situation, never sleep with mom and dad️
Thanks Bhuvan
Thi video just made me cry salute to this guy

ywywns
7wuwh
Gzhsj
This time I got 99 marks in my prep class and my father got very angry.
I salute you in Guruji's footsteps.
Not all parents are like bb&#39;s parents .

It&#39;s reality 

My friend committed suicide the same day our 12th result were announced just because he failed in maths.The most cheerful funny and entertaining kid in the whole class commited suicide after failing a single subject.I couldn&#39;t believe it when that happened.

today may 2023 result of board and i passed in all sub. but somehow my friend failed and i send this video love you bb dil se

The sad part is that here 90% are students

After the board exam results are out, all the parents should understand that relatives or paroshi are making fun of their children due to low numbers or failure at that time.
Bhuvan bhai looked 3-4 times and started crying again.
Brother, not everyone's parents think like this. And if you are from a middle class family, you have one option to do a job and improve your life. I also got 80% marks in 10th and my relative got 88% marks. But my mother just said to me, look, they were the same 88 years ago. My mother always said that she set such an example for other children. It will happen. And whatever she said made me feel that I was not a teacher, that I was not telling my mother's mistake but I was talking about myself. And father says that while watching the movie (3 idiots) he used to say that numbers do not matter, knowledge matters but with time everything becomes cloudy. I can't do anything that I like, as per the society the career option is doctor, engineer, government job, etc. We middle class people have to choose from these people who do not always ask what they want to do. When the number comes or when the study stops, my father tells me and sometimes my mother also says that let's get you some work done at a mechanic's shop. They think that this silence will make them read but they do not think what will happen to them due to this silence. Literally brother, he did not cry from the spring of numbness, he cried a lot from walking. Sometimes it seems that we have come into this world to dance to the tune of society. It feels very bad when my relatives tell me the number of their children when they have passed away but it does not happen many times but my mother tells them the truth because she does not know how to tell the truth. And I didn't even speak, Brother, I would just say that if my father died the day I left this world, I would wish that I would never be born again as a human being. The circumstances that are going to happen in those times will not be tolerated. I felt very worried that no one would understand my children in the future. Kass jaise isme apne dikhaya waise hi mere parents ham sabhi ke parents hote……………………… .
bb my jee result has just come 75 pr only
Bhai agar share kra toh papa mummy ko acha aacha ye video or fir aapke channel pr or video dekhne lg jayenge fir usme famer fuddi aayega bencho aayega or hamari ess trsi ho jayegi
My bord results in a mont 

It feels different when you are un such conditions 

Crying, why don't you see me, Papa, I am feeling like a child myself… I have betrayed you just by making myself happy.
Bhai maa Kasam rula Diya re tune  love you Bhai 
You are really great

I was in a happy mood but brother did not rule.
unfortunately sometime they ego are much bigger then their emotion ,but they love us no dout 

2019May 10

Wah Bhai Wah
I saw first video of bb where no abuse word is use

Love you bro 
Mai bhi fail tha 11th me

Right 
no-one can&#39;t beat this contant in upcoming 1000 years (G.O.A.T)

I wish my parents were also like this yaar 
Such a emotional video
No matter what happens after sharing, everything will remain as before...
All days I am loss but one day win

BB ️
Showed this to my dad and he said uske to terese bhi zada aa gae jaa doob mar 

Why I don&#39;t have that&#39;s Type of family 

Heart touching video 

Just 2 days left for my jee last attempt. And got this masterpiece. Not gonna give up till the end 

us bhai us

Is the burden of society's burden heavier than the burden of books... Once again my heart warmed ... you are the best 
A Single paper&#39;Can not a decide future ️️️️
Anyone 2023???

Every Parents are Definitely watch this Video 

<a href="">4:33</a> this right here is exactly what every child wants to hear from the parents

good j0b bhuvan sir
I have been watching your videos since many days.. But I don't feel like watching these movies... Actually you are a bomb.
This is the true feeling of my right now when I know that this time I can&#39;t score good marks in exams 

Thanks BB️
This videos was uploaded in that time when i failed in 12th exam best video

Khoop chaan! True that the funniest minds have the most deep thoughts about Life and that’s why they create humor to honor and celebrate the spectrum that is Life ️

Best Motivational ️
That&#39;s why I love BB 

This made me cry .... 

Khasss humare parents bi aise hi sochte 

Really true statement of life, specially students

Today was the result day :-)
My parents do not eat with me.
Or when my marks come down then I worry too much that my parents will scold me.
<a href="">4:39</a> this hits hard 

I wish everyone's mother and father like this video.
Bhai aaj result aaya hai I scored 91% but still gharwalo ke tane sunne ke liye mil rhe hai

I was about to bhuvan, I was about to

I cried brother.
Sir ,hands of you 

Emotional heart bb bhai
Litterly cried Caz I too failed to scare above 70% in 12th d way every1 made me feel the way I hid from every1 &amp; brought myself up tried my best in my degree &amp; I got 85.... I felt it. Ters nothing tat v can&#39;t do it&#39;s just we aren&#39;t srs about it or we don&#39;t know how to do it that&#39;s all. 

true words
Brother, your words are true but mom and dad don't understand.
 I can&#39;t stop crying after watching this video don&#39;t know why....

I literally just I failed in my exam with 4%less searching for new school

Love you BB from k Karnataka

BB&#39;s kid will very lucky

Brother you did not let me rule 
Maa baap ka sbse bada ghamand unke bacche hote haiLove yo bb

And now Bhuvan Baam, where did he come from?
Brother, my marks are very low now but all my friends have come ahead of me and sometimes I feel that I will not be able to achieve it but I have given up everything but then I have watched this video of yours and I have got inspiration and inspiration from you. But never, never will I top you too 
<a href="">2:33</a> He was talking about himself.

Bhai Dil Chudiya
Same bhai 11 class me 
This is how my mother and father are, only in reel life, I am as real as you are without abuse, 
Who is watching BB ki Vines during his exams?
Idk why YouTube recommended me this video after 3 years

2023 legends 
Only person to understand our feelings

Last exam is on 21st but my life has started today.
Bhai I CAN feel it 

I have seen this video a lot but never commented, what a useless video you made Bhuvan bhaiya 
Thanks bb ️
The best motivational video for me 

<a href="">1:24</a> Now I must have failed or passed in 11th, I will not get the result today.
The best video h Bhai ️️️️️️️️
Great story

Ok,but this made me cry.

Crazy rule ga kiya
About health
I love you bhuvan bhai️
I wish these parents were in real life but all this is just reel life and if good marks are not achieved in boards….
Barobar ahe bhava 

I'm sorry..
Show this video to my father, how can it happen?
I love you so much ️ I can see you in my eyes
Thanks bb

Because of some reason there is no moon on the tree and she is the queen of water️ this is ultimate ️
<a href="">3:48</a> sangat, bhai ki best hai
Bro BB bhai to rule bhi he 
Best video ever
I want my mom to say like that if i fail one day! ️

Thank you sir to gives  us your wonderful motivational video

Brother I don't know how I got emotional.
2.27 March Chad did not fall on the tree with any face ️
I shared this video and my mother liked your video so much that she subscribed and then I unsubscribed 
Please show me this video of my father
Shobivlog

If I fail, my father will kill me with a bullet, that is why I will never be able to study, please give me a solution.
That&#39;s the truth Bhuvan said and that touched everyone&#39;s heart

I got emotional after watching this 100th time bcz i am going to appear in an exam.

65 percent is more than enough for my parents

very nice

This vedio bring tear in my eyes 

Baat pura Dil pe again Love you so much
Watched this during my board exams. I literally cried the whole video but smiled at last.. Thanks &lt;3

Man I cried
I also felt like failing in 11th but now I am confident.
Very lucky people get their hair because these times they work twice as hard ️
Every child deserves parents like this 

One of the best video

Bc yeh sab boards ke time recommendation arha

loved this video... inspiration mili.... mujhe 8th mein 28 marks aaye the 80 mein se

Love from pakistan bro

brighter side of bb ️

Having this type of father is a blessing 

It motivates meeeee......

I just cried 

A beautiful message is given by this video, hats off you brother....

Why should we waste money on revaluation 

But now osmania university  toppers ku tak fail kardere

My jee preparation time

Ronna agaya sunke , Shukriya Bhavan Sir. Mere abhi boards chal rahe the toh ki dost ne ye video dikhai mujhe

<a href="">2:01</a> Very lucky people get hair first.  - Babloo Ji
...And now he is successful ️ youtuber

Cried after watching Bhuvan's video for the first time
All these things are the basis of my life.
What's the fun today?
Brother, you are swearing at me, I am crying after watching this video 
Relatives be like: The result is in the daily news of the year.
Brilliant massage superb 🇵🇰🇵🇰
Pehle log hasenge but badme safalata hasil hogi and BB is a good example of thatAs he didn&#39;t know how to choose stream for 11th  but then also he kept fighting He changed the stream in 1st year againBut he didn&#39;t lose hopeNow he is having his own show taaza khabar and dhindora Very inspirational for youth

I am that dost as an 10th class student

<a href="">2:00</a> magical words by Bablu ji...️

You know what is the main reason of depression at the time........that line is &quot;Log kya kahenge&quot; and thats truth.

Made my heart heavy sir ️
Sandeep Maheshwari show ke bad dekh rehi to like karo

Thank you so much for this video BB.  Whatever you mentioned in this video, it&#39;s all true. I was a failure in high school, gave 5 re-tests. Everyone taunted, said I&#39;ll not be able to achieve anything in life.Now, after years, I am a manager in an international company and earn more than 70% of the students in my class. I can say that I laugh when I look back at myself. Never thought I&#39;ll be accomplishing.

Watching before 2023 boards 

love u bb 
&quot;Your marks are completely proportional to your income &quot;This line is a pure lie but the biggest problem is parents do not believe this and they also don&#39;t want to believe this.This is not their mistake , it is the mistake of society which made this stereotype and attached in parents mind

I really started to crying .. when I watched it..

I just cried for hrs after watching this video

akmoast cried nice video
My life flashed in this video 

Not all parents are like this...

Literally cried while watching this

Awesome video 

5days later i have my boards 2023 ..and i am scared what if i cant get above 90% then i came across this video. Thank u very much I am a PCMB student i failed in 11 ,i even failed in 12 half yearly and periodic exams and in preboards i got just 21. Most of the relatives or elders blame Online EDUCATION FOR THIS . I STUDY FROM LAKSHAY NEET BUT PROBLEM IS I COULDNT DO REVISION AND PRACTICE PROPERLY due to Backlogs .But Now I solved NCERT, did PYQs ,just more revision left and i hope to score 90% without taking the tension what will happen if i dont!!. THANK YOU BHVAM BHAI FOR THIS VIDEOTO ALL THOSE WHO WILL WATCH THIS COMMENT IN THE RECENT DAYS, some of u maybe in better situaton than me ,someof you maybe in similar situation like me , some of you maybe in worse situation than me. BUT MORE THAN SITUATION WHAT MATTERS IS DOING THINGS EFFECTIVELY EVEN AT THE LAST DAYS.. EVERYONE THOUGHT INDIA WOULD LOSE AGAINST PAK IN T20WC MATCHBUT LATER MIRACLES HAPPEN AND VIRAT JUST BLAST IT OFF.SO yes please at this last days ..make a concise list what to do and how to do and mug up if u cant rememberand for those whose exms are still more than 4months away . LIFE IS JUST LIKE A SIN GRAPH KEEP WORKING,KEEP PRACTICING,KEEP REVISING

Literally cried watching this video.

Thank You, I needed that.Abhi 10th ke boards aane waale hai aur tension bhi ho raha tha, thank you ️

This video means a lot for me for my lifetime

Best vedio i ever seen ️
I love you so much BB :&#39;)Stumbled upon this video on such a day when I was feeling extremely low, this brought a smile to a face. You&#39;ll perhaps never know how many times these videos have saved me. Whatever you are doing now, the success, the fame, you deserve every bit of it ️

Motivation 
Bro every time I got more than 80percent but this time I got less after seeing my result I was very upset but my mother and teacher said that you got good marks

Thanks you
I love you bhuvan bhai ️️
<a href="">3:00</a> first time i became very emotional while watching you

Hey Bablu ji, who is studying in 11th?
It helps me a lot  love you bro

BB knows reality 
One of the best youtuber who covered all the situations in single video, from parents perspective as well as child.

Best papa
I fail in 2  term exams  but I scored1 positions in monthly test

thank you.............!

BEST CREATOR YAAR , i found this so much relatable

Love you bhai from bottom of the heart

after watching 3-4 comedy videos i literally just cried watching this one love you bb

Parents in parallel world

WHY DID IT MAKE ME CRY 
If I had parents like them

New video laa do please

Bb&#39;s only video that we can watch with family

Uff

My senior attmed suicide after fail in 10 board
True video ️
The same thing happened with me, i was failed in class 8th.and i was totally shocked that what to do now because i used to have good grades since childhood and in class 8th when i change my school from village school to cbse school, i was failed.but my parents and sisters supported me a lot then i worked hard and got 92.6% in class 9th, 90.2% in 10th also 100/100 in maths now i am doing graduation and preparing for ssc cgl, and today when i remember that day i thanked a lot because that day has changed my life.I just need your&#39;s blessings and love  ️ and one day i will achieve my goal...

Did only I beacome emotional

My parents are like bb&#39;s parents.️️
Hatta off to u Bhuvan️️
Gave me tears

though i dont have parents now but Rula diya bhai ne

These things have come to our society since a long time but our parents hardly understand these things because this society has clouded their thinking.
Don&#39;t cry me Bhai.Best episodes from BB.I literally 

I have seen this video after 3 years, this video is still on my heart, Bhuvan Bhai ️️
we too deserve a father like babluji 
bb’s fictional characters
How many times have you played the video in Babluji Kuch. He is crying and I feel like crying 
<a href="">1:38</a> BB-dada dadi ne data nhi? Bablu ji- nhi beta udas jarur the pr mere aur samaj ki beech ki diwar the. Loved this part

Brother, you don't know what you are, but you are great yrr  , Best for ever ️️
Brother, you made me cry today by laughing really hard  this video is only available to those people who have brought joy in my life….THANK YOU SO MUCH BB ️️
bro your are right you only said in this video that kids will make their parents proud not with marks but somethings else and you are the example you made your parents proud by shooting youtube video and gaining fame . respect you sir

Vai jabko aii sa bap mila
The part where he confesses about his suicidal thoughts 

How can i miss this vedio

This the called content

this video is 3 year ago when i was 15 and passing from pain buz my pain die and maybe i dont see  this video but i understand this video to much

Teen saal Baad bhi dekha toh ye cheez itni relatable lagi (FYI: Ab mei job krta ho isliye bola), social pressure logo ko zindagi bhar rehta hai, toh isliye always see yourself &amp; try your best, never compare with others (because they also do) be unique by thinking .We always compare ourself with others either it&#39;s marks, toys, House, partner, money etc. Or SOMETIMES EVEN LIFE 

i dont know ...but everytime i see this video,it hits really hard.

Bb ki vines video fully of funny ; but this one touch my Heart ️

Bro. This video is really knowlegdeble

Very very very very very very very emotional
Just wow !!!️No words for Bhuvan Bam Legend for a reason 

bro i am almost cried very emotional &amp; motivational video i see



It&#39;s nearly impossible for Indian parents to be like this bruh . Ngl

The most precious thing on earth is father and mother ️️

i got a C grade in SSC boards isolated myself for 2 days didn&#39;t eat didn&#39;t drink anything didnt even sleepthis video made me normal again

App is king bhai app has great talent bhai
how true is it yaaar aappp BB!
I was feeling low so i come here, and i clicked this video coz I wanted to laugh and get some stress away, but I think I clicked the very best video ️

<a href="">3:02</a> The words really mean a lot in 2023, there was a day when people used to criticize BB but now BB made a seperate place on YouTube and real life.

<a href="">4:42</a>- legends only knows that this is music of rise up game

Everything is the opposite in our house guyzzz
So emotional
My exams are in few days and This video was imp to watch thank bhai really thanks I will do my best

yaaah

Sir...I am just an average student and you just change my sense of dealing things...you are indescribable 

Me watching after getting 9th std marks

After 3 years these words hitting different ️

In 2023, it's like this with everyone, it's like this with me too, some society rises or some fall, I am among the sensible people in the world or you have also understood, life goes on but you ignore it or move on. badho. be confident 
Mann ki baat chenlli️️
Does life give another chance to change it Bcoz I don&#39;t think so 

true

This video recommended me before exam I got luck  Now I didn&#39;t feel depressed if I couldn&#39;t pass thanks YouTube and BB

Kabhi kisi kale aadmi ko is topic ke upar video bnate hue dekha hai no because nobody gives a fuck chahe hazaro aise video bana lo lekin at the end of the day sabko pata hai ki kala hona sharam ki baat hai tm kale ho toh tumhari value automatically niche giregi bhale tm dil se jitne bhi a6e ho

This literally made me cry 

watching this during the preparation of boards hits different bro like really different TT

Bb is not a name it&#39;s a emotion

Whenever I feel alone and want something crispy i came back to vv

THANK YOU BB...
I felt so relatable 
Thank you  that&#39;s why i like you so much bhai

the last of us

some parents give you only three choices MBBS, IIT, and UPSC

motivated me again....... thanks bb

Babloo ji&#39;s  greatest motivation for all students

My boards are around the corner and this is exactly what I needed  as I was really disappointed with my previous exam&#39;s result and demotivated

I Feel Good.. Tq to this vedio 

Bro really just you feel like we can do all thing

I cried last night watching the video.

needed this fr because I failed 12th pre boards and I am at a point where taking my life seems like a better option than giving these damned exams my parents are supportive but I feel like shit I am such a disappointment

I needed this thank you so much for making this

Salute sir 
And mand ka tola, rishtedaro ki bhen ka loda. Saale ek no ke m@darchod hote hai kuck ko chhodkar

My dad is almost like yours bb...love from Bangladesh

Best video ever on YouTube ️️
Why my parents are not like yours

that is correct sir
Bhai heart phefda dimag sb ko touch kar kia bhai this charged my life way too much! Thanks bb!;)

Example- Ms Dhoni he was failed in his 10 board exam

Just got atrracted by thumbnail

agar sabke ma baap aise hote to kitna achaa hota

I am in school time now sirr

Bhai ….. this video has all my heart ️

Wah bhai
Whenever I feel low and demotivated I watch this, its my mental therapy  and I then I feel much much better and motivated thanks bb 

I wish this happened in real life
Thanks 2 the relatives and frnds..acha Karo yaa buraa they r always there 2 torture mentally 

Felt good watching this. It was like having a conversation with my parents. Thanks a lot man 

I gave my class 12th board in 2019 and I failed in that. I went into deep depression. But I didn&#39;t loose myself. I gave exam again in 2020 and passed with 66.4%. Now I am in 6th semester of my Engineering without any backlogs. From next semester campus placement will start in my class. Hope I will get job in good company️

true lines bro
Thank You, mere boards me madad hui Really nice 

Pls meet me once bro please see me once bro 
Brother I love uh sachii ️️️️️
Thenku bb for motivation 

It&#39;s been 3 years Yt recommending me 

Nice msg ️
This is the only family video of BB which makes feel positivity to the parents.

What will one do if his mother and father are not with him? The answer is no one knows.
His acting is on another level, looks so real, and his message, truly a legendary creator️

Goosebumps litrally my eyes fills with tears thats why i love bb.

That’s why bb my all time favourite YouTuber who can make us laugh and cry too by his motivational speech 

I am giving my boards in 2023 and I teared up while watching this cuz the amount of pressure a child has if both the parents are educated and the child has facilities is too much for a child to handle single handedly

Parents in parallel universe

idk how yt know what i exactly need in this moment i was crying because i was streesed because of my studies and you saved me

After watching this i cannot believe that bhuvan bam is playing all these characters ️

Very emotional 

This video is pure on YouTube, I can't do it 
Bablo g great father 

I mean parents love but as the child grows older he starts getting responsibilities and he is also going through the most difficult phase of life (teen) he doesn't know himself BC what is going on with life and unconditional love of parents It appears to be conditional and that boy/girl remains alive only physically but mentally appears to be totally dead.
I want to show this video to my father..Now he said, show him the other videos also.
I&#39;m very proud to have such parents 

BB bhayya thankyou, isse zyada kuch kehne ko bhi nahi hai. I&#39;m a single child until I found you, you are like my elder brother. Ek na ek din aapse jaroor milungi bhayya. That&#39;s my aim 

needed this thanks bhuvan 

This had me in tears

All fathers are not like this.
very inspirational bhuvan sir

True words bhuvan bhaiya
sad reality is maa baap khare nhi rehete

Kash mere bhi parents yaise hote 

I wish my parents were also like this.
Brother there is one heart how many times will you win️️ I love uh pls you have to meet me once bro pls 
This Video is must for all the teenagers out there.

My 10th :- 76 %My 12th :- 86 %Now :- I Have No Interest In Study 
thank you bb

Thank you bb

Very very heart touching video seriously got emotional while watching this video

Thnks
Mind is truly clear now

BB you just made me cry We&#39;re now just piece of body broken from inside and smiling in front of others

@mumbaiboygamerz
This video always makes me cry , i dont know why i relate this

Thanks bhuvan bhai. I told you to get my number. Next time I will work harder
That&#39;s why we all love bhuvan bam bb

No matter what people say, what is the use of people?
BB to bhul hi gye h new video uploaded Krna
and he did it :)

Thanku so muchVery helpful 
<a href="">3:10</a> that moment hit me Bb you made me cry 

We can&#39;t change our parents , but we can change us a parents plzz dont forget this video never pressure yr child the pressure we are facing for iits aimms what we wanted, but what are we doing, wish my parents would have also watched bb ki vines

I&#39;m so glad that I have supportive parents.. in 10th boards i scored only 89% and i was so sad because it was one of the lowest marks i had ever scored bt my parents didn&#39;t said anything and told ki yeh marks bhi km nhi hai.. and now I&#39;m preparing for NEET. I wanna clear this exam in 1st or 2nd attempt.. 

this got me gooosebumps and better concentration thank you bb

The video&#39;s title could be &quot;The result in a parallel universe&quot;

Girls: Boys don&#39;t have feelingsAlso boys :   Crying after watching this video

best video everr
I was cried...

Best Video ️
After this video bb is my fav YouTuber ️

Thanks bb 
Bhai dil jeet liya yrr saach mai lub u BB
3 saal bad dheak raha hu, but sir asli baat ab 10th me samaj aayi, itna deep meaning tha, akhe bhar aai.

..........................................................legend
thank you

Every student needs supportive parents specially in board classes where everybody target them.

I really needed this video.

Hats Off Yrr
I still remember when I used to get less marks than my parents expectations. But my dad always believed me. Still he says that &quot;you have many opportunities don&#39;t give up &quot; . I&#39;m blessed to have supportive parents. I will make u proud dad ️i commented this cz I will get reminder daily ️

The pressure of career nowadays makes us have suicidal thoughts

A true story _A boy who wants 98% in exams, he also do hard work but when result come his score is 90% he wants to quit every thing, he wants to suicide.One day he standing on a bridge and attempting but just a old man come and said &quot; why you doing this ? Are you want to start again from kindergarten ?&quot;

I really love you bhuvan bhai 
I cried my friend
You are my reason to laugh and cry

My parents doesn&#39;t understand this 

thankyou
Goosebumps

This kind of parents ️

This gives me goosebumps... i got tears in my eyes.....bhuvan and his parents ... Feels like they are not character they are real. Real the people who exist ...Suddenly the realization that he has lost his parents  but we are always with you as your family......Lots of love to you Bhuvan

Brother, I have always been angry... but today... I did it emotionally... 
The first video I liked ...Of BB Without any hesitation ...Because it&#39;s a message of a acting father to every parent ....

LOVE you ️ bro and hate you  bro

Same situation  plz.

Thanks YouTube I am in 10th and my pre boards went bad and yt suggested this to me...I will do it

BB KI VINES' BEST VIDEO TO DATE
Bhai so inspiring rona agya!
This is the first time i cried after watching bhuvan&#39;s video

BB first imoshnal lesson 
I have learned this lesson from this that I should not give up, that is why I am still working hard, it is my full responsibility on Allah that I will definitely get success in this day and night, Ameen.
I m watching this still, bcoz it is better than 1000 motivational videos

2019 me 12th hui thi meri.....below 80% percentage ke karan dukhi thi papa...11th me bhii kuch khas nahi the marks....phir indore se 12th ke baad galat coaching se NEET ke liye drop liya....covid bhii aagya....puri pdaii ki L lag gaye aur 433 marks aaye... obviously phir dukhi hue vishvas dikha kar ek aur drop dilvaya....NEET 2021 me time management nahi ho paya phy tough thi isliye...usme 542 aaye aur government college milne se 3 number se chuk gya tha..... the worst phase of my life ...bhut bure thoughts aaye like bhuvan said ki uske frnd ko aarahe the.... somehow i managed and result se next day i told my father that I&#39;ll do whatever he want....to do MBBS from private college... or to take drop...or to change course or to indulge into father&#39;s business....tab unhone bola ki tumhari marzi hai to ek aur baar karlo try, now is year ki NEET me sirf unke trust ke karan 650 marks with AIR 4326 aaye and obviously now I&#39;ll in AIIMS .When bhuvan told ki safalta ki asli kadra usko hoti hai jo pehle haar dekh chuka hota hai hits me hard, and actually it&#39;s really worth it when you get success after failure Just want to say keep your hardwork in right direction with right aim, definitely you&#39;ll see the outcome. Ignore your sadness and just say &#39;Humare saath shri raghunath to kis baat ki chinta &#39;️

I wish my papa was also like this my heart got melted and just made cry  I wish my papa also understood my problem or my difficulties 
Great 
U R my inspiration sir ️️
This is masterpiece

This one is best with tears

You are right....at end part....

Literally..Ye video dekhne ke baad Meri aakhe bhar aayi..kaash sbke parents aese hi hote..

I swear that no one dislike this video

This is true because you are so popular in India

Nice Video 



Made me cry my friend BB
awesome ️
Karlega is smart
This really deserve likes ️

𝙣𝙚𝙫𝙚𝙧 𝙚𝙫𝙚𝙧 𝙜𝙞𝙫𝙚 𝙪𝙥
Nice video

My heart won't hurt, brother 
I watched the video more than 10 times
BOY HOTO LIKE KARO.
Thank u sir 
<a href="">2:01</a> Golden words 
Brother I don't want to go share this with everyone
He knows his responsibility well . Good bb.

I also got 65% in my exams and it was least in my friends circle but I overcome that failure and get the good marks later, and then this video released by BB and I was smiling that how accurate is BB here!!!!.But Now I am again in that phase which  is worst then before and I can&#39;t even smile cause I am not having any motivation because of stress. I liked this video at its release time and somehow it pop up at my screen. Thanks BB for such kinds of words  

This guy must have scored average marks but is earning far  more than the toppers combined 

Who alse open YouTube just for watching BB KI VINES  (⁠•⁠‿⁠•⁠)
The video I watched 2 years ago .... I cried and I watched it again today and it repeated again ..... cannot express but this touched my soul 

Love you Bhuvan
Most meaningful video 
i can understand what u feel when u marks are much much below than your expectations... it feels like to suside...

Only this video has stopped watching for the 10th time.
tear in my eyes 
Hatts off Bhuvan bam 

Hello bb my exams are going on and this video came just in time Thanks 

Truth really heart touching boss

U know What the big fault of Students that are being under pressure by none other than their parents Then Nobody Can Stop Them To Fall to the ground From Roof

I always laugh watching ur videos like whenever I feel like I wanna laugh I watch ur videos but today I cried ..... This really was comforting thank u so much 

Thank you BB for making me up on my down day

I respect and love this man ️

bhai rula dia tune
Thumbnails are changing!

Old thumbnail was better

You are best bhuban
Broooo i wish I had parents like thisMy parents -Tu jo kuch karna hai kar marna hai to mar par marks ache aane chahiye

This is the best video of BB I am ever watching after few years I was ignoring this one but this is the best This shows a great mindset of a great influencer Love you yaar BB 

Best brother ️
Cheers to bb&#39;s success

This is something different from all your videos because it taught me a lot in my childhood. I love you BB ️️
If every parent was like this

Harh but true 
Before this I  used to watch his comedy videos but now after watching this I really start studying, even my story is somewhat like babloo uncle I was not failed but got less marks. 5 star rating over all motivational videos.

Whoh dost mein hi hu

Yrr mai literally ro diya.....coz mai usually top scores laata tha....11th me kam marks aane lage....aur iss video ne.... literally aankhein khol....thnx for this video yrr...

Bro there is foundation in JEE also  foundation wali
Luv u bro..
I wish our mother and father also became like this.
bht motivation mili h bro ab to wapis se mughal empire khari kruga

Me abhi nokari kar raha hu mane 10st napas hu 
It&#39;s call golden words
That&#39;s why I love Bhuwan than anyone else ️️

According to me this is the best video in entire youtube

Well i watched this in 2022 it really gave me motivation and i hugged my parents at that moment thx for the vid

That&#39;s why he is the best youtuber of India.     Always love you BB ki vines ️️️️️️️️️️
thanks 
Good

Brother, this is an evil thing, brother, the evil that has been done to humans has been ruled today, whether one believes or not, today I have cried the truth.
Content with message.. Wow bb such a mind blowing act ️️
Love you BB ️️️️️️️️
End is the best answer to end suffering!...

BB comedy + motivation

NO WORDS ONLY BEST.. THANKU SO MUCH FOR THE LOVELY LINE &quot; HAAR PHLE NASEEB WALO KO MILTI H &quot;
Amen

Why is YouTube recommending me this two days before my results 

Boss his acting level is too high man

Best thing bhuvan hai toh sab character hai...

BB you are a legend trust me, you are the best youtuber I have ever came across till now. Same shit is  happening to me for the last couple of weeks, negative thoughts.. thanks brother, your words inspired me so much, again thank you so much..

<a href="">3:00</a>

Mera 1 week pehle result aya though i got 85% but still i was upset

I really appreciate this video it&#39;s teach everything about failure and then upcoming of success  don&#39;t give up, try continuesly

THE BEST!!

Brother, I passed this exam but my father also understood me and said to practice and crack it next time.
Bahloo ji on
Fact - all parents are not like babloo ji

that why i like bb vulgir bt logical also

what a dialouges

<a href="">2:38</a> I felt that 

Goosebumps 
My respect raised for babloo ji alot

All students needs babloo ji like father , Banco and Sameer like friends and titu mama like relative

Please don&#39;t attempt suicide, marks is ordinary number, struggle hard and change ordinary number into billion dollars Like if you are agree 

Brother ab rulaoge
Brother, I have failed every time and when will progress come?
I am fail in class 12 in 65 ℅  i feel very sad for me

ohh so good maseage

I didn't take heart, brother!
Wah

You are the best bb 
A Lee cried for the first time watching a video...
Zindagi 
Nice sir 
Only the fortunate ones get it first..The real value of success is given to the one who has seen it first ️
I got inspiration for the first time
Thank you !!!  Brother !!!

I also failed... I was feeling strange as if I had failed in any exam or in life.
True 
Pov  :- all parents are not same

Best video of all time ️

Goosebumps

True very true I am also in 10 class let see How it works thanks bb for this boost up

Love u BB no words can describe that how much you make me laugh and also connect through such emotions with a smile every time

Sir, today I lost the debate competition in school by just a small margin. Today I really learned by watching your video, I learned a lot THANKS ️
Proud of you
~°:|{___x___}|:°~
Nice bhai

Brother, I really hate students who are good at studies. They never think about the importance of books.
Maa baap ka sabse bada gamand unke bache hote hai 

I am also a slave, I have failed.
I learned a lesson from your talk, my friend.
Bhai I see these videos 100time and i love these

I am really disappointed that i cannot triple like this video!

Brother, please help me, what should I do, I am scared of school but I feel like speaking but I don't have the courage, what should I do. I also want to make my parents feel proud but I don't know how to guide you or tell me.
Best motivation

Best video Bro ️️
Bahut khub yrr️️
FACING THIS RN.

Bb bhau it&#39;s not a real fact

love you bb <a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/CIW60IPp_dYCFcuqTgodEu4IlQ"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/CIW60IPp_dYCFcuqTgodEu4IlQ"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/CIW60IPp_dYCFcuqTgodEu4IlQ"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/CIW60IPp_dYCFcuqTgodEu4IlQ"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/CIW60IPp_dYCFcuqTgodEu4IlQ"></a>
END MAIN MUJHEY SACH MAIN RONA AA GYA YARRRRRRR

Out of all bb videos, this is my most favorite one. Really made me emotional. Iam also going through the same problem, I have been scoring very good marks in my 10th to degree, but now in the degree final sem iam going  to fail. I have not prepared well for the exams bcoz I was in depression and got anxiety attacks. I want to request everyone plz pray for me, for my bright future, I want to make my parents feel proud. Plz

Bhai agger ye sare parents sochte to na jane kitne students ki jaan Bach jaati magar kya kar sakte hai eisa sochne wale bahut kam log hote hai 

Watched this 3 Year&#39;s back and liked the video ,but now when I have failed in neet for first time I can feel these emotions ️

Life is as long as it takes me, life is as hot as it gets 
Every perents watch this video 

Nice video for the students I love this video Thanx bhuwan sir For the amazing content I like what you said U r best

truth

&lt;3&lt;3

this is soo motivational

This video inspire me a lot

Literally i am crying  

I wish everyone would got these type of parents

Success also costs money
<a href="">1:46</a>

THANKS FOR THIS VIDEO REALLY IS THIS LIFE 
This is expectations only

Bro I want to suicide Me kya karu ????

CA aspirants 
<a href="">1:19</a>  <a href="">2:00</a> 
3:0  0:5 second very motivation speech for me

Guys like me watching this after getting low marks and feeling motivated. 

<a href="">2:01</a> 
Enough related ️

I am such a youtuber, I have never seen this video, friend.
Me thinking who the freind is :Bencho : 5 marks agaye benchoSameer : 69 aye h ahe b

️Bablu ji is best father ️️️️️
It's a very nice thing where you don't meet those who are blind, you have nice parents ️
The only creater who has super power to give smile or cryingness

️️️️ bhai dil chhu gayi video ️️️️
I cried so much
But he did it, Hoshiyaar hein ️
Thank you so much
Respect papa
Aako mma aasu a gy
To all those who are reading.. i failed in CA 4 times.. today I&#39;m in the number 1 MBA college of my state.. HOPE NAHI HAARNI HAI

I really wish my parents thought like this

Jee ka result aaya . sall barbadd relatives  ke tane . na kahi ghume na masti Ki lekin jab result aaya sab barbadd . totally broken from inside

Best story ever

Sir you are op I time I  was failed  everyone make fun of me 
Very nice video, it is true that Bhuvan Bhai's father and his parents always stay with him.
<a href="">2:25</a> golden words ️
You have saved 2 million life&#39;s brother

I face thise situation &#39;ki log kya sochanga&#39; some fear but I will face it and the result is mine 91.80%

Brother, I was always waiting for BB or Babloo uncle to fall in love with each other but it could not happen. Brother pleases my heart 
Mummy is for her own kids... But the Father is available for kids of the whole world.. .

I cried after watching this iam only in 6th standard but i understand the depth in this video

Salute

Hats off Bro️

you are out of the league man . you are someone different. always love your videos

Awesome logic

Jee aspirant hu .Jee mains me 120 no aaye hai .but from now I will work hard
