Rani’s performance in Saathiya and even Bipasha in Raaz did better than her in Devdas. I wonder why ameesha is in the list and Priety and Mahima who were absolutely brilliant in Dil Hai Tumhara couldn’t even make to list. Pathetic.Same Happened next year where priety won for KHNH. She was no way near as brilliant as Urmila in Bhoot

She also deserved for Raincoat &amp; Guzarish 

Omg, Aish also failed in front of Sridevi.
Karishma kapoor

Is she drunk or high I can’t tell lmao

On the Devdas award-she just looks FREAKING UNREAL in this saree and all the jewellery...Like a real APSARA!️The BEST,FOREVER!

Aishwarya was sitting right next to Arpita in the first one

Why sridevi is not giving award to Aishwarya after her speech

Salman Khan has worn black glasses for the first time
Thank you Salman ️️
She was lil bit drunk... in the same dress  she attempt party....too much show off...

I would have had the following nominations and winners for Best Actress:199901 Nandita Das - Earth 1947 (Winner)02 Shabana Azmi -  Godmother 03 Aishwarya Rai - Hum Dil Chuke Sanam04 Tabu - Hu Tu Tu05 Karisma Kapoor - Biwi No. 1200201 Tulip Joshi - Mathrabhoomi (Winner)02 Manisha Koirala - Ek Chhoti Si Love Story03 Shobna - Mityr: My Friend 04 Karisma Kapoor - Shakti05 Rani Mukerji - Saathiya

Preity Zinta looks genuinely happy that Aish won, they are both good friends in real life too.Even though Preity and Rani have good onscreen chemistry I wish we could see Preity and Aish in a film together

Legendary Superstar Sridevi mam holding her award coz Aish was injured that time.

Searched this video to actually see Sridevi ️️️️
This is south,culture then bollywoods

Ash ️️️
She is definitely drunk or drugged

She is freaking gorgeous

She z, drunk 
In the first award she was beaten up badly by salman khan and she covered her bruises with sunglasses

Nicee

Bipasha 
Never did jaya Bachchan knew that she will be her daughter in law

She looks and sounds sooooo tired, like she is out of breath.

Peeke bol rhi he ka???? 

Is this when she was with salman? Because he was abusive

Jaya ji like it is very hot 
why arrogant sridevi was not giving award to her??? innocent aishwarya..

Two living dolls preity and Aish 

Fake lagti hain Aishwarya

<a href="">3:05</a> little did she know that she was gonna become here Daughter in law

She deserves award for raincoat also

She got injured by Salman.. That&#39;s why she was wearing a specs

Wow.. She got her most successful movie&#39;s award through her best friend preity and her mother in law 

She was ahead of her time ️️️
Finally it looks like Aishwarya Rai presented award to Sridevi

Ash is one of the biggest Actress of all time in the movie industry

beautiful Sridevi

You will never fall down my dear. Your potentialities will always raise you up to the top. Love you.

Karisma Kapoor agree??

Karisma Kapoor more deserves it right more??

Priety clearly was on drugs lol she’s in a whole other award show in her head.

Preity is so funny 

Ash
Why are you just releasing this now ... not complaining about it though finally got it

One of the best actresses of all time.

The best part about the whole video was Ash thanking Salman ️

dear sri devi ji, it&#39;s aishwarya rai, not roy and it&#39;s hum dil de chuke sanam, not hum dil de chuke hai sanam. but may you rest in peace :(

Aishwary didn&#39;t even recognise and made eye contact with Senior Member of Indian Film Industry Respected Mrs. Jaya Bachchan. She was quite childlike. I don&#39;t like her that attitude. But She is best  to me.

No , she lied here , many years later she told that she was hit by salman and would lie like falling from staircase

ZA#

Is she drugged? Or is she going to sleep?

Sassuma
She deserved mah fav

Was she drunk that day?

How disrespectful of Jaya Bachchan the self proclaimed mrs perfect to be using her card as a fan onstage when someone’s delivering their speech.......imbecile and insensitive senile shit

Humble lady 
Thanks for posting this

She is the best 

Ash deserved a Filmfare for Raincoat and Guzaarish as well

Salman ne chot pahunchai thi

Brilliant

her holly dream....

She&#39;s Queen
Krishma was much better actress than Ash and the rest but ppl and the  industry were blinded by Ash&#39;s beauty. Krishma at her time had greater competition than what Kareena or Katrina or Deepika are having

<a href="">2:18</a> jus look at sridevi.. damn. 
She is fantastic as always

That time she had that unfortunate fall out with SRK, so didn;t take his name. sad no..They would done 4-5 more films

How beautifully you people snubbed her in Filmfare 2005 by not giving Best actress critics for Raincoat and in filmfare 2011 whe you guys changed the name at the last moment by giving to Kajol instead of Aishwarya for her terrific performances in Guzarish.

she is boring

Nice

Good 
kanjar lark
.hii

Sridevi️️️ legend never dies  they live with us in our️
You guys are earning money from Hindi films and doing stupid things in English.
Age to Aiswarya Rai : <b>Am I a joke to you?</b>
