Dedicated to all the fathers, this song is very close to my heart. Share it with your family and friends. STAR CAST: Sabir Shaikh, Jay Rambhiya, Bhavsar Manish, Aarti Gupta, Nikhil Agarwal, Fahd Farooqui, Pareen Vora, Krishna Patel, Shubh Mittal, Yogita Naik, Mudit Goyal, Harsh Desai, Kaivan Gala, Vidit Kaushik, Rahul Solanki, Aditya Labh, Om Prakash Bhatt, Rushabh Varia, Aksh Oza, Manjiri Monde, Tejas Kolpek, Rajendra Chavan, Simran Chaturvedi, Jaskirat Singh Chadha, Abhay Verma, Shamsnisa Mulani, Harshad Sonawale, Prajakta Kalkute, Manu Varshney, Dharma Karia, Mit Chauhan, Shivang Singh, Samyak Jain, Vikas Upadhyay, Fahd Farooqui, Amit, Abhishek, Yash, Roma, Suresh, Rohan, Paresh, Rishi Kothari, harshpreet, Shafiqua, Dhananjay, Aniket, Shanmuk, Asminara, Asawari, Shubham , Manan, Saurabh, Sahil, Bhtia Chirha, Gaurav, Darshan, Mihir, Samith, Sanika, Vikas Kumar, Sugra Aga, Riddhi Trivedi, Krutik Mhatre, Mohsin Khan, Kamakshay Khose, Aarya Hingar, Lokesh Nimbhore, Rehman Shaikh, Priyanka Mittal Vishal Makhija, Prateek Suryawanshi, Abhishek More, Anees Bhati, June Wagh, Dipen Trivedi, Pranay Dixit, Nitin Talreja, Nishant M Bhargava, Jay Kapasi, Mahdiraza Gabharani, SAJAN SAHOO, Anshul Sharma, Nisarg Kadam, Satyam Prakash, Varsha Patel, Shahid Khan, Vipul Alhat, Muhammad Moin Chunawala, Swapnaja Kasare, Kishor Gode, Harsh Kajale, Saiee Ponkshe, Himanshu Swami, Durva Deo, Karan Bhawanani, Aishwarya Kale, Bhavya Mittal, Nayan Tembhurne, Ahmed Unwala, Megha Godse, Nikhil Dhongadi, Ankit Pathak , Aditya Kumar, Ganesh Raul, Nitin Singh Rajput, Dev Gandhi, Rohit Madieshiya, Keshav Pathak, Yash Mehta, Sudeep Mandal, Parth Gupta, Sharad Chokhra, Nida Nasir Ahmed, Rahul Medhe, Vipul Randhir, Shreya Bane, Rutuj Shirsat, Harsh Trivedi , Shefali Sawant, Akash, Neelparera, Siddhesh, Shubham, Mali, Pranjal, Prasanna, Karn , Mudit, Mahesh , Ratan, Varun, Parasham, Harsh, Paksha, Mehndi, Sagar, Shubham, Husain, Chinmaya, mansudhir, Manish, Vishal, Yogesh, Gaurang, Kamlesh, Ankit Mann, Ruksaan, Sangita Vikas, Sanika, mayur, Rizwana, Gauri, Pritam, Vidhi, Rishikesh, Devesh Sharma, MAUSAMI, Devang, Amey, Dhruv, Rohan, Yash, Ashwini, Rajan, Yusuf, Sunil , Dimple, Abbas, Surinder, Charanjit, Shirajudin, Vaibhav, Tushar, Shreyas, Amish, Sanjeev , Firdous, Madhu Parki, Rajan Gupta, Amit Barnawal, Kuldeep Upadhaya, Vikas Krishnan, Darshan Shettiyar, Sagar Bajaj, Deep Jivrajani, Shivam Devras, Omeir Nood, Shikhar Gaur, Gajendra Nath, Tanvi Tondwalkar, Karan Jain, Prathamesh Bedekar, Sahil Jagda, Benson Babu, Ashutosh Dubey, Abhineet Bhardwaj, Davindernain Singh, Piyush Agrawal , Nikita KP, Neelmadhav Parikh, Shaikh Mushahid, Chinmay K, Kevin Patel , Gajanan Bhagat, Lakheet Poojari, Prithveeraaj Zaveri, Muskan Zaveri, Ferin Khoja, Rena Zaveri, Kushagra Bhatia, Ashwin Menghani, Arundhati Vaidya, Mandar More, Lokesh Kukreja, Abhishek Gupta, Aarohi Chhaparia, Akhilesh Singh, IRAM Khan, Saif Khan, Karan Hassanandani, Karan Kapur, Tarun Saini, Swapnil Wakode, Monica Panbude, Parth Chamaria, Rishabh Kothari, Chirag Bhatia, Joel Frank, Harsh Vardhan Katariya, Meer Dharamshi, Sakshi GurSale, Mithil Veling, Swapnil Salunkhe, Rupesh Desai, Dharmesh Gawankar, Nikhita Halbe. , Shlok Mestry, Mayank Liya, Gayatri Seshadri, Jeet Mehta, Swapnil R. Kadam, Archana Prakash, Abhilash Jayakrishnan, Anish Pereira, Nikhil Borgaonkar, Suraj Bhoir, Isha Sawant, Siddhesh Kotecha, Kabir Lokhande, Ram Rajwani, Vaibhav Shinde, Karan Shroff , Akash Chauhan, Ranjan Khandare, Akash Soge, Sameer Shelar, Rahul Chourpagar, Ameya Kamath, Nikhil Sharma, Nilesh Rane, Vatsal Shah, Anurag Rai, Malika Rane, Arnav Sinha, Akash Karkera, Aarav Surkatha, Ronak Rawal, SARTHAK PATEL, Ankeet Kumar, Pranay Pawar, Manish Kumar and Bhuvan Bam.
Bhai nice  song
There is only one name, one character, one song, one who is unknown to everyone, please upload the song 
Emotion 
This could be my first song where i cried 

Still here in 2024 ?

Love you bhai

26 Dec, 2023  I will come here again

Thanks for this song bb, I loved it so much, I don&#39;t know why but I get emotional whenever I hear this, such a masterpiece yet so underrated. Thanks for this bb! May you shine in your future  brightly just as the sun shines high!

Bro make me cry without even knowing   

Masterpiece without any doubt 

Listening to this masterpiece in 2023

so good dude
Just remembered this song today and I just got lost in it.

dark

Anyone listening now like?

And no one noticed that he wrote his name in the star cast in the last...!!! Gesture by BB..!!

Goosebumps

From 1/10/23

I wonder why don&#39;t YouTube Suggest musical video like this ‍️. We need more songs like BB 
Suddenly I remembered this song...
This song is heart touching I literally cried through the music

That hit so hard 

Anybody listening to this gem in 2023?

My favourite one

THIS IS G O A T FOR ME 
Soo underrated 

Bhai such mai itni funny video aaj tak nhi dekhi its 2023 but stilll the best one of bb

Legends seen this on television

So much less views on this masterpiece

I LOVE YOU BB ️‍️‍️️️️️
The bad truth of my father's life is revealed, I miss you Abbo
This song is evergreen for me 

I just forgot my depression because of this song

Still listening BB you r 

This sunk looks quite good
The cause why I am a big fan of BB

Hi

This deserves 100m views

I lost my father 2 days back. Now, it&#39;s hitting different than usual.

Hey what song 
Its not just  a song yar

Dude why this don&#39;t have 50 million views 

This song tells the importance of parents in our lives and  teaches us to always care for our parents and not forget them even for a secondThanks Bhuvan for reminding all of us again..

This song is really amazing 

This good song ever i lesen in my life

Vai really heart touchingThanks BB

Still a masterpiece

Dil chu liya
Really now it&#39;s hitting hard 

<a href="">2:00</a> in night missing grandfather and this song hit so hard

<a href="">1:03</a> 
Come here after poopiye
Happiness 
So good 
Goosebumps 2023I’m in hospital painful songReally awesome 

i don&#39;t know why his every song is so underrated  he deserves very much than this

 So Good
While listen this song I use to think abt my father as hi is no more with us I miss him i love him baba

this song deserves really 1b views

This song gives me goosebumps

Op

U r just amazing ️
I&#39;m crying bhuvan

After listening this I hug my father tightly

Aai-Baba are super proud of their raja beta  their blessing are always and forever with you Bhuvan 

True beauty

Loved it bhai 

From 5/2/2023

<a href="">2:28</a> Touching Line

I am scared after listening this song...but you have an emotional voice sir. Keep going i am waiting eagerly for your next song. ️️

Goosebumps

This is not a song this is the message for everyone to care their parents.

LOVE you ️ bro and hate you  bro

This song reminds me of my dog Tiger who left us few months ago

Brother what is the song......
What a music bruhhh️
I listen is song when I miss my grandmother (dadi) I feel she is with me

My father left this world the day before yesterday 

it&#39;s a real pain to stay away from your dadnice song bruda️

Nothing heard like this

Touching words still fav️

Still favorite since 2018...
Multi-talented BB ️
It&#39;s still a masterpiece in 2022

Heart touching 
You are dmmm telented

Earlier When I heard the song I thought it is for broken heart people but now I realised it&#39;s for everyone&#39;s parents 

underrated!

This song actually exists and breathes in all of us.Bro you are just WOW.

I lost my father nd nothing can make me relate more than this video!

mannnn....the most underrated song of BB

Same feelings even after 4 years  love u bhuvan sir
I feel so sad for him 

The national anthem for all the FATHERS 

Love this song ️

Brother today's night god damnnn 19 aug 2022 sbb how much I miss you (even though she's not my crush or love)
Such a underrated Song

Lyrics 

This song is so underrated 

I miss my dad....it&#39;s been 5 years without him.....With all those responsibilities on the shoulders of a 16yo kid...somehow it helped me to get matured in such a young age.... Whenever I feel helpless in life...I remember how dad used to do all these things so effortlessly...Or say with so much effort without showing it to anyone ....

Best ️️
god blessed you bb

It&#39;s been 16 days now and I&#39;m still unable to accept that my abbu is no more with us

I never ignored my father&#39;s call after watching this video️

So emotional  good song. By BB...
I lost my abbu four days back.

Masterpiece 
I also want to be a guitarist like bb

This is very sad to hear ,stay strong and may parents rest in peace

Sir very said emotional and heart touching song ️️
I still remember when i was in 6th this song came and i used to cry whenver i just listen to this ...this just touches  ..and now just listened again ...the same feeling

Hoooo oooo hoooo oooo hits different
I am leaving comment in hope that whenever someone like it .i will be reminded of this masterpiece

Came to know about the song after 3 years .Such an emotional song with great message ... Literally cried while watching. 

My father died yesterday, i was giving an exam , i couldn&#39;t take his call and died , calling me repeatedly was the last thing he tdid

<a href="">0:17</a>

so emotional song it was

2022--&gt;still listening 
Yaar humare maa baap humee itta pyar kyu karte hai ?

I love your voice..... Bhuwan sir iam biggest fan 
rest in peace to your parents 

Keep  going  on  and make good  songs

YOUR VOICE!!!!1 HMMMMMMMM

Miss u dad
BB One of the multi talented people ️

a song with deep feelings.... love you. ur a nice songer too!

love you daddy
the boy in video is responsible for his father&#39;s death ye dekh ke itna dukh hua mujhe goose bumpshue and hen turant hi asu ane lag gaye ye soch ke kabhi ye mere papa ke sath nahoo iss song ke baad i learned one thing ki kabhi bhi tumhare parents tumko bulaye and not even parents koi bhi to zarur jae bhai uske papa ne call bhi kiya akhir ek ladka kitna laundiya baaz ho sakhta hai !!!!

This video literally made me cry

is song per itnay kam views or like q hn?

I have lost my Dad .. this was biggest loss of my life ....love you Abu ...am feeling alone

It is difficult to find the soul. It hits deep
Omg niceeeeeeeee
Love you bhai 
Bhai moj krdi

Bas yahi chahiye tha bhaiyaThankyou 
<a href="">3:15</a> goosebumps moment 
Love thiss listening this in 2022 on loop️

Love from north east India ️️️
As a kid I used to appreciate him for his comedy. Now I realise how good and underrated his songs are.

Brother, I have told you so many times that I will never die, I will love you in any situation ️
Heart touching as always ️

Wow yrr️..Love you bb️️
&quot;Agar aana hai to jaldi aa aa..rootha khada hoon, doorwaaze pe&quot;&quot;Gaye kyu but mere humsafar..Jahan ka hai mushkil milna pata&quot;These lines hit me most, literally I felt it..Miss you maa️ 
Huge respect for Bhuvan sir ️
Bhuman bam best moments titu mama fameer fudi 

What a song

Mast hai

Now it&#39;s favourite one

Touched the heart

It was so sweet

SALUTE TO THIS GUY WHO ENTERTAINS US AND TEACHES THE VALUE IF LIFE
Nice 
Song contains deep msg
Bhuvan bhai, what you have done has shown that no one is born taking talent with them, it has to be created by oneself.
️️️️Bhuvan Sir I am a new viewer in your channel and I have become a fan of your what a song!!!!! 
I&#39;m watching after bhuvan&#39;s parents passed away ... I&#39;m crying literally 

every son needs to watch this, he will think 10 times befor declining his father&#39;s call, best song ever

Uh can make us laugh uh cam make us cry uh are really Mr.Perfrct ! ️

Listening it at 22/2/22

BRO..️️️
Ayeee..️ this song...ufffff!!!!  Energy level 100 bhaii..️ awesome....kaise bataaun kitna awesome h yeh song....no words yrr ️ all beautiful words are fail in front of this song.....️

<a href="">2:29</a>
The pain feels unbearable now....

this was his best song nocap

BB voice 
This is an emotional roller coaster!

Osm

We know him just for giving slangs and funny vid but don&#39;t see his heart ️ love you sir

Bhai rula diya yaar,
Love your parents no one knows at what time what happens 

Super song bro love this all time

One of the best song of BB

Is this the real story of your life
This man can make us laugh and can also make us cry

Salute to BB... He knows his responsibility very well... He knows that his viewers need what lesson to be taught and he is the best son ever... Ur parents were blessed to have u!!!

bancho after listening the song       :                  bhai ki ezzat bada di bancho

Happy Birthday BB 
Yra dindora ka season 2 do waiting
Awesome man️
Very underrated song..

Brother what music &amp; lyric composition is  and bancho vocals....
3 saal baad firse agaya yeh masterpiece sunne ️ bhaii don&#39;t know you will read this comment or not but this song is just exceptionally beautiful and we all want a song like this one once again  sabka pata nhi but mujhe chahiye 

It is a master piece ️️

Heart touching song sir

This made me in tears awesome bhai

Literally my tears is coming 

Goose bumps

I love this song

Rula diye bhuvan ji  literally rona aagaya 
Thiss maadeee mee crryy
After Arijit Singh , Bhuvan is the greatest singer !!

Nice brother ji today
no words....
its been 3 years since this song came out.. But it still gives me gossebumbs, i feel every lyric so much, i am sobbing so so much rn.. Such a masterpiece, so proud of you bhuvan ️

Rula diya yaar This video deserve more likes and views

This song touch my heart 

This viedo is So tempting
Bestest viedo ever
This song make me cry every time when i hear it

what is your number
It is so nice song

Actually got guesbums

Got emotional while listening abd seeing this every time

<a href="">1:27</a> that falsetto 

It makes me cry.....

Heart tech feel
Masterpiece ! This song is wayy out of its time forward backward both ways 

You have such a great emotional feelings

<a href="">3:01</a> best part
So good man 
Why are you so good bb even when you listen to me it seems as if you are somewhere and I feel connected to you all the emotions 
Who&#39;s after 3 years

Goosebumps ️
This song is very good and nice 
Who watching in 2022? 

Your song is the best
I am a big fan of yours and I consider you my brother.
️(i felt it)
Very nice bro god bless you 

This song is very close to my heart because my father is not there with me  Thank you Bhuvan sir for making this song Thank you soooooooooooo much...

Loved it

I literally cried because of this...

Rula diya yaar tuneGuys just imagine the person who gave us such a good message now is missing his parentsDont worry bhuvan ur parents will be proud of you and this is a masterpiece it deserves much more than this

Literally cried

We worship our father till our adult age, but when we see our father in sorrow, every human being forgets his hatred. A lot is said when someone gives up his wish.
Best song ️️
Nice song bhai 
Nice️
TIPA ?

Keep it up Bro..

this is a materpiece.

this song deserve more views

Very emotional song 
Heart touching bro ️
Did anyone notice that at <a href="">3:39</a> Bhuvan placed a hand over his ribs, meaning his ribs were paining at this point? I hope you are okay BB.

Visualization &amp; lyrics are making a meaningful meaning ️
The song is still being heard in the school, no song is being heard here, the famous human being is always there for a long time.
Damn this gave us a strong message to cherish the things which we already have rather than crying for it after loosing itSo emotional song️ Thank you for making such a awesome content and for giving a strong and emotional message

Anytime you listen to this it touches ur heart. Truth of quite a few spoilt &#39;&#39;modern&#39;&#39; youngsters summed up in 4 mins.

rip :(

Miss my mom

how come i cry every time i hear this song?

This really made me cry  after 3 years also

Bhuvan bhai! This song really touched my soul️!What a song, beautifully composed, beautiful lyrics, amazing music!You&#39;re Hard work paid you!Keep inspiring, wish you the best️ love you️

Such a nice song 
Goosebumps bhai I lost my father when I was 4 I didn&#39;t have Such memories with him but sometimes (Kami mehsoos hoti h yrr)

Love you bro
So heart touching bhuvan .... Nice song it is ....

U r️️️️️️
Bhuwan bhai ,I wanted to meet you bhai

Who will come after Dhindora in 2021?
I cried my friend
Osm

After singing this song, I really feel that how bad I am. Those who loved us all their life, we forget them by leaving them alone, we understand them but it seems that they have given us so much.
Till date fav song !
Love it
I think this is the masterpiece of BB ki vines I think this is the best by BB till this day Nov,2021Love this song a lot , God gave him a great voice and a very beautiful opportunity to show this voice to us ️

Yaar me ye song Spotify pe sunraha tha abhi tak like 40-50 baar to sunhi liyatha par pehli baar ye video dekha aur litterallyOn Tears 

this song really made me cry it is fantasting it made me feel how important parents are to us each and everyone who is watching this video pls never cut the call  of parents cause it could be his last call .

My goodness 
Best of all bhai ️ my ️ my

What a song bro heart touching ️ because even I have lost my father when I was in 3rd and now I am in 9th bro after hearing this song I just literally cried  miss my father alot 

@ BB ki vines.Hats of bro...may God always bless u.I love my father he never shows his live but he does.thanks again bro.

It hits direct at the deep core of heart..... I literally cried a lot  .... Thank you sir to make me feel this truth  lots of love 

Love this song ️️️️
 see machine 
Anyone here after dhindora series
Great song
Who see this video on 2021

BROOO THIS IS THE BEST SONG I HAVE.         SEEN
What a talented guy.

Bhuwan bam is so underrated singer. So nice lyrics and presentation. His songs deserve more views.

This Song Is Damm Good Broo ....Like Made Everyone Emotional Who Listen This

<a href="">3:27</a> bro op
Goosebumps

Wakht thamsa gaya ak line par..just stopped in the life line and heared this song .... Nothing is better than this .

ON BROOO
My fav song ! I have applied it my ringtone.

this song really made me cry and i was just unconscious in between the song really touched my heart , bhuvan bhaiya kya cheez banai

Nice 
You killed it  dude ....  Different voice different style different creativity.... Gbu

Masterpiece

It hurts a lot brother bb️️️
Bingo plz stop your irritating add...
Soul touching️
An awsome song and a great message for the young boys.&quot;Never cut the call of your parents&quot;

If anybody scrolled through the star cast , he wrote his name at the last . This shows how humble is bb 

All your songs are the best but this one is best ever song

This is sooooo good. I am sorry I never heard this song before..

Bro why only 10 million It deserves more than 300 million views Let&#39;s share it everyone

Lyrics were awesome bro, but guitars sounded like lukka chuppi and amrutha together... Looking forward for more original music from you

Who is listening this song in November 2021

This song made ma emotional

I can not stop crying

I really want to say you are awesome or bas life me ek bar milna he apse️

My most favorite 
<a href="">2:28</a> number leaked
Thank u so much sir
      bhuvan sir please come kashmir plz plz
Goosebumps

Grand Theft Auto V

Dawai nahi di apne papa ko kamina beta saala BTW love this song and my father too much
Awwww...Wow
Bhuvan bhaiya's name will always be on top in YouTube history ️
This song hits hard,even after listening hundred times.I can&#39;t resist myself from listening to this song again and again 

Storyline makes me cry 
Stay strong brother

Sir ji ab ruol ge kiya ab
Yarr aap ak or make a song but keep it a bit fast bhi aap ki awaz ahi achi ️
Aasu aa gayi sach mein.. meri papa bhi expired from COVID-19.. can&#39;t able to express the feelings

Wow voice best 
Love from bd this song is make me emotional 

very emotional

What a song to get, yarrr. Apka Song hamare dill ko chulia.........
BB big fan plz upload more song.

Love from bd

This song always gives tears and goosebumps ️

Baba ️️...Whos existance makes oneself want to live
Very good  bro 
Never cut a call before it is so late 

From where to where

 Bhuvan Bhai, don't cry, God has done a lot to you.
I have no words to say something about u and ur song u both are just amazing

If u are listening this song today, ur music taste is so good 

Song is so smooth
The ending gave me goosebumps

No bhuvan can feel this song May Allah give him strength and ultimate success

Brother, why are you crying?
Please don&#39;t ignore your parents call before receiving

Love you BB 

Ye banda kuch bhi kar sakta hai he is so talented is jaise or ni dekha

Dedicated to best father from best child

I cried now i don&#39;t know why

Masterpiece 
Bhai apko salute ha

This  song is amazinggave me goosebumps.. it&#39;s really touching

Heart touching video

10 million...
If Srk is the king of bollywood,Bb is the king of youtube

Who is watching after dhindora🇮🇳
You will definitely achieve your dream of becoming a singer ️
For the first time I saw you Bhuwan Sahab..Or got to know about you..About your mother and father..Now you are where we are..10 years ago..Your work is very good We are here today by subscribing you. Have you ever wanted to talk to yourself...shabb-ba-khair 
Dude I didn&#39;t know thst you are so good in singing.... keep going

So good song bb sir
Its very soel touching live it

“Gaye kyu magar mere humsafar jahan ka muskil milna pata &quot; this line Hits hard me now ️ 3 yrs pehle ye song sun ke sirf aakhe num hoti thi aur phir papa ko dekh ke smile aajati thi face pe ️ but ab bahut rona aata hai ye song ke  really miss you dad ! I&#39;m now 18 &amp; my father died in Nov 2020 by road accident at that incident I never laughed aur smile from my heart  ! Miss you papa 

Today me and papa were sitting on couch and wanted him to watch this video that he matters alot to me,but we boys many times dont speak up.....thanks bhuvan sir for this masterpiece ️️️️️️️️️️️️️
this song was really touchy my heart ... thank you for making this song..

so emotional song please like

The strongest people make time to help others,Even They are Struggling with Their  Own Problems, Your One Click can make me happy God Bless You‍️‍️1.,

I Cried with goosebumps

W?

It seems like a gift
Brother rule day
Love you bhuvan
Forgive us bro we didn&#39;t no that your parents has passed away please worry too much be strong u r brilliant bro make more legendery in video and make your parents mach more proud thanks bro u r best.

Yakeen hi ni ho raha hai iss song pe views kise hai ??
You are the best my dear ️️
Is gaane ke itne kam views kaise ho sakte h samj nhi aata.....this is one of the brilliant song of BB

The almighty legend in my heart Till now it one of most emotional song for me love you bhai plz once like my comment bhuvan bhai big fan

seriouly i am watching it now but i have goosebumbs and very emotional

<a href="">3:21</a> goosebumps 
Man what was that. Totally astonished with the level of content. Performance Above our expectations. BB you are our GEM . Be strong, Keep going ️

Jsjs
so good.......

I got so emotional after listening this. I love you dad God bless you dude 

Dedicated to all Fathers 

Wow! What a massage ️

This is my favourite song of bhuvan bam

Bro Kash, that day you picked up your father's phone.
This song was always is the closest in my  heart after three years later. BB you are my inspiration you made a empire with just a single 3g phone when I think about you then only one dialogue came in my mind and that is agar kuch sochna hai to agay ki socho.

I literally remember my mumma bcoz this song ... Thnq BB for expressing feeling in word 

I don&#39;t like this type song . But I like it

Love you bhai 
Here after watching BTS 

Thank you bhiya.......... Mujhe app biklul acche nhi lgte the but today I am happy and also sad ...... aapka song very heartouching .... And you are amazing.. Harbhajan singh ki video also inspired me.... Thank you so much sir .....RIPto your parents ..... we and god always with you

Sad loife .This song&#39;s story is so sad because of one mistake he lost his father

Brother, BB's web series has reached 40 million subscribers, inshallah.
This song is just amazing!
I love this song 
Goosebumps and tears  bhuvan bhaiya we love u i know you have been going through a lot lately but sab thek hoga we are with u Or apke mom or dad apke saat hai hamesha or unki blessings bhi apke saath hai hamesha apko abhi or bht bht age jana hai Maa baap saat na ho soch ke bhi dar lagta hai Bhagwaan ji sabko healthy or salamat rakhe 

this song diserves a lot more lets take it to 7,874,965,825 views

Just one thing &#39; masterpiece &#39;️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
I&#39;m after behind the scenes who else ??

Underrated ️
in love with this song 

This deserve 100 m views

Watching today 

Very heart touching composition and lyrics️️️️️and your voice is amezing ️️
SIR U JUST TOUCHED MY HEART NOT ONLY BY LYRICS BUT ALSO SCENES B&#39;COZ I LOST MY FATHER WHEN I WAS JUST 2  YEARS  LOVE U BHUVAN BHAIYA

Love  your voice my only one favorite bhuban

Am I the only one who found this now

9 mil , wtf

Touched my soul. Great music.Heer ranjha and Rahgujar are something different. Brings tears to my eyes.

bro i was just crying after hearing this song. it has very very strong emotions to parents......

When am going to exam I listen this song , literally heart touching songGye kyo magar,,, mere hamsafar 

Suddenly today  I remember this song  and came to listen No words for describing this masterpiece 

bhai ye ganna dil chu gya touching my heart
Wow

bb this song is beauty

Who is after bb ki production&#39;s making video

Getting goosebumps ️️️️
Who after come bb ki productions video

This is master piece

This song hits different ️ thank you BB

In this video who played the role of father,, he is almost look like artorito Roman from money heist series 

Who is here after watching it&#39;s making on bb ki vines production ️
You are here on the streets of YouTube ️
Love it song for bhuvan parents 

Best Song of BB 

Today I am watching this song, I am getting it for ABBB.
Cry aagya yarr
Bhai ye to mujhe rula diya yar Bhuvan ab song sunta hoga yar Stay blessed and strong ️
Showed this to my Grandma, and then I told her about what Bb has went through in past months. She was in tears and just said kehdo usko ki uski Naani bhi uski badi Fan hai. A lot of love from her to you Bb ️..

After see behind the scene.....I am here

Love u more than myself BB ️

Bhuvan Sir, The complete man &lt;3

27K dislikes, seriously? It&#39;s not they don&#39;t have a good taste, it they don&#39;t have MORALS. This song is a masterpiece

Goosebumps 
Whenever I Listen This Track, I Got Goosebumps 3 Saal Baad Fir Suna Or Comment Kre Bina Rha Hi Nai Gya 
Literally I cry always I listen to this song... Best of luck bhuvan bhaiya,  stay strong..

After the bb ki vines production........ 

Who came here after BTS release of this song

We love you bhuvan bhaiya,️️
I don&#39;t know but I can feel this songThis song has a very deep meaning

All father are loves his/her sons and daughters

So Touching Song......

Masterpiece ️
Soooooo underrated........

Was not talking to my dad for more than a month due to some indifferences. This song made me realize the mistake I was making. Finally when I just uttered “Papa” he started sobbing and we embraced tightly.

Watched the video and heard the song after many years, it seriously passes an awesome message, never cut a call before receiving it, the best bhai,I felt safar was better, but no, idk, everyone has their own opinion

I can relate to this because my father is also not with me  I miss my papa so much

I love you ️
really got goosebumps BHAI

Sometimes the thought of a bird is enough, it does not give a cloud to a person, what is he thinking, this is the beauty of the song.
The most deserving Youtuber ️

I did not know about your parents Bhuvan. I was wondering why you stopped being active all of a sudden. Now that I know it, I have nothing to offer you other than my and prayers. We are with you. No matter how far, we are with you. Your Baba and Ayi have spread everywhere! May you be in their loving presence till the very end. You are and always will be a shining star. All the very best.-a mere fan

ONLY THOSE PEOPLE WHO CAN UNDERSTAND THE REAL MUSIC LISTENS TO THIS SONG️️️
BB greatest of all time ️️️




Never cut a call before receiving ️️️
The more you lose, the more you rule.
I would suggest you bro Bhuvan don&#39;t listen this song. 

Osm sir nyc song
This song is really very close to me

This song give realisation to every child for their stupid mistakes

it&#39;s going on in a loop every time  when things changes in my life

this isnt getting more than 10 million views because it doesnt has fameer fuddi ‍‍
I JUST WANNA LISTEN THIS SONG.....

reast in peace mummy papa really criying after listening this song 

It&#39;s incredible to be honest. Where our mainstream artists (be it bollywood or pop) are simply reduced to bunch of commercial sell outs, here&#39;s a man who is not even a full time pro singer ( but an incredible comedian) tell such a beautiful, simple yet moving story through the music and the video is simply mind-blowing. Our music industry needs to relearn this simple effective power of innocent stories. Only then can we regain the lost glory of the golden days. Keep going BB!

I literally cried after hearing it. It is so emotional yrrr. Love you bb ️️️️️
we will always love you bam don&#39;t worry and just believe in yourself

Mind blowing

one of my favourite

Best song 
What ever BB drops on youtube becomes a fenomina 

Brother, I ruled in love 
The number of people who have disliked it doesn't matter to everyone.
Brother rule day
God is with you .....just imagining without parents I get scared...and you are going through this period

Bhai faaaaaaddddddd song Too relateable for me

Eagerly waiting for your next video ...BB️️
One and only BB️️God of YouTube...️️️
This guy is the best Individual creator YouTube will ever get.Peace.Love you dada.

It is singers

bro very nice work

Maa baap to humaare problems,pain sajh lete hai but hum nahi samjhate hai aur jab samjhte hai to bahut der ho jaati hai

Pata na mera masaj ap ko ga bhe bhe ya nahe ma a top ka singer par me jaye hain mare lykhye song gaye ho gaye gaye
better than Tony Kakkar
Now i can feel your pain bro.

Where are you bb 

Getting goosebumps after listening after months
Today it has been 3 years

why all his songs are making me cry now

this song just made me numbmy god its damn nicei dont have words to describe this

Heart Me Lag Gaya Bhai Love You Yrr 
hello bhuvan sir , i cried while listening this song your voice is so good be strong

It&#39;s been 3 years and i still cry every single time i listen to this song &lt;3

Please give this song for hellotune in Airtel Wynk musi please please

who loves bb only make  at my comment and rip for his parents

I feel ghoosebumps now also when I listen this

I am literally crying right now. Bhuvan Bam you are a treasure. Much love. You have reasons to be sad right now but remember, you have us. ️ LOVE YOU

Bhai miss you
Dil chu liya tha iss gane ne

Hello

Bhuvan Bam, I love you so much &amp; ​I am big fan of yours. I am from Nepal. I just love to watch you and your videos. I always search videos related to you. I  had watched your all videos. I loved them and all are very funny. I&#39;m always waiting for a new videos. you are a great singer, when i am alone your song is my frnd and you are  one of my fav singer from India.

 If possible, in future I want to meet &amp; interact with you . I am big fan of yours and love you so much.

Ohh seriously this is heart touching video with a feeling ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
When mummy or dad call received the call first

Pinned by BB Ki Vines

BB Ki Vines

2 years ago

Dedicated to all the fathers, this song is very close to my heart. Share it with your family and friends.

STAR CAST: 

Sabir Shaikh, Jay Rambhiya, Bhavsar Manish, Aarti Gupta, Nikhil Agarwal, Fahd Farooqui, Pareen Vora, Krishna Patel, Shubh Mittal, Yogita Naik, Mudit Goyal, Harsh Desai, Kaivan Gala, Vidit Kaushik, Rahul Solanki, Aditya Labh, Om Prakash Bhatt, Rushabh Varia, Aksh Oza, Manjiri Monde, Tejas Kolpek, Rajendra Chavan, Simran Chaturvedi, Jaskirat Singh Chadha, Abhay Verma, Shamsnisa Mulani, Harshad Sonawale, Prajakta Kalkute, Manu Varshney, Dharma Karia, Mit Chauhan, Shivang Singh, Samyak Jain , Vikas Upadhyay, Fahd Farooqui, Amit, Abhishek, Yash, Roma, Suresh, Rohan, Paresh, Rishi Kothari, harshpreet, Shafiqua, Dhananjay, Aniket, Shanmuk, Asminara, Asawari, Shubham, Manan, Saurabh, Sahil, Bhtia chirha, Gaurav , Darshan, Mihir, Samith, Sanika, Vikas Kumar, Sugra Aga, Riddhi Trivedi, Krutik Mhatre, Mohsin Khan, Kamakshay Jose, Aarya Hingar, Lokesh Nimbhore, Rehman Shaikh, Priyanka Mittal, Vishal Makhija, Prateek Suryawanshi, Abhishek More, Anees Bhati , June Wagh, Dipen Trivedi, Pranay Dixit, Nitin Talreja, Nishant M Bhargava, Jay Kapasi, Mahdiraza Gabharani, SAJAN SAHOO, Anshul Sharma, Nisarg Kadam, Satyam Prakash, Varsha Patel, Shahid Khan, Vipul Alhat, Muhammad Moin Chunawala, Swapnaja Kasare , Kishor Gode, Harsh Kajale, Saiee Ponkshe, Himanshu Swami, Durva Deo, karan bhawanani, Aishwarya Kale, Bhavya Mittal, Nayan Tembhurne, Ahmed Unwala, Megha Godse , Nikhil Dhongadi, ankit pathak, Aditya Kumar, Ganesh Raul, Nitin Singh Rajput, Dev Gandhi, Rohit Madieshiya, Keshav Pathak, Yash Mehta, Sudeep Mandal, Parth Gupta, Sharad Chokhra, Nida Nasir Ahmed, Rahul Medhe, Vipul Randhir, Shreya Bane, Rutuj Shirsat, Harsh Trivedi, Shefali Sawant, Akash, Neelparera, Siddhesh, Shubham , Mali, Pranjal, Prasanna, Karn , Mudit, Mahesh , Ratan, Varun, Parasham, Harsh, Paksha, Mehndi, Sagar, Shubham, Husain, Chinmaya, mansudhir, Manish, Vishal, Yogesh, Gaurang, Kamlesh, Ankit Mann, Ruksaan, Sangita Vikas, Sanika, mayur, Rizwana, Gauri, Pritam, Vidhi, Rishikesh, Devesh Sharma, MAUSAMI, Devang, Amey, Dhruv, Rohan, Yash, Ashwini, Rajan, Yusuf, Sunil, Dimple, Abbas, Surinder, Charanjit, Shirajudin, Vaibhav, Tushar, Shreyas, Amish, Sanjeev , Firdous, Madhu Parki, Rajan Gupta, Amit Barnawal, Kuldeep Upadhaya, Vikas Krishnan, Darshan Shettiyar, Sagar Bajaj, Deep Jivrajani, Shivam Devras, Omeir Nood, Shikhar Gaur, Gajendra Nath, Tanvi Tondwalkar , Karan Jain, Prathamesh Bedekar, Sahil Jagda, Benson Babu, Ashutosh Dubey, Abhineet Bhardwaj, Davindernain Singh, Piyush Agrawal , Nikita KP, Neelmadhav Parikh, Shaikh Mushahid, Chinmay K, Kevin Patel, Gajanan Bhagat, Lakheet Poojari, Prithveeraaj Zaveri, Muskan. Zaveri, Ferin Khoja, Rena Zaveri, Kushagra Bhatia, Ashwin Menghani, Arundhati Vaidya, Mandar More, Lokesh Kukreja , Abhishek Gupta, Aarohi Chhaparia, Akhilesh Singh, IRAM khan, Saif khan, Karan Hassanandani, Karan Kapur , Tarun Saini, Swapnil Wakode, Monica Panbude, Parth Chamaria, Rishabh Kothari, Chirag Bhatia, Joel Frank, Harsh vardhan Katariya, Meer Dharamshi, Sakshi GurSale, Mithil Veling, Swapnil Salunkhe, Rupesh Desai, Dharmesh Gawankar, Nikhita Halbe, Shlok Mestry, Mayank Liya, Gayatri Seshadri, Jeet Mehta, Swapnil R. Kadam, Archana Prakash, Abhilash Jayakrishnan, Anish Pereira, Nikhil Borgaonkar, Suraj Bhoir, Isha Sawant, Siddhesh Kotecha, Kabir Lokhande, Ram Rajwani, Vaibhav Shinde, Karan Shroff, Akash Chauhan, Ranjan Khandare, Akash Soge, Sameer Shelar, Rahul Chourpagar, Ameya Kamath, Nikhil Sharma, Nilesh Rane, Vatsal Shah, Anurag Rai, Malika Rane, Arnav Sinha, Akash Karkera, Aarav Surkatha, Ronak Rawal, SARTHAK PATEL, Ankeet Kumar, Pranay Pawar, Manish Kumar and Bhuvan Bam.
Better than every one   individuals singer or YouTubeer

 love you
I will always choose this over Yalgaar. ️ Such a beautiful song

my eyes become watery  after hearing this

Sir every thing is perfect but i think rhym words r not so good

I don't get bored of listening to Bhuvan Bhaiyya's songs again and again.
This song will make anyone cry  i bet you even now when i hear it , it is heart warming

Can we make it to 100M guys? He deserves more, a lot more ️

&quot;AANA HAI TOH JALDI AAO RUTHA KHADA HU DARWAZE PE &quot;. THIS LINE MAKES ME CRY FOR BHUVAN . PLEASE STAY STRONG AND I HOPE BHUVAN WILL BE BACK SOON MAKING VIDEOS

This song will never get old ️

Nice song
Covid Ne kai maasumo ki jaan leli...har 10 ghar m s 5 ghar mil jayenge jinhone kisi apne ko khoya h...baaki log bus sympathy de skte h pain kam kr skte but khtm nhi..it will remain until our life can&#39;t overcome...but as life$ rule as life can not stop...we can&#39;t stop breathing..cant stop eating..all will  go...a lots of love from me to you Bb...I know you before two or three months...you won my heart ..can&#39;t any other u Tuber at this platform..and when I know the tradgedy with your parents..I don&#39;t have words to describe my pain for you...take care...your parents will not feel good if you give up️

The line &quot; Gaye kyu magar...&quot; Gives me goosebumps and make me cry insteed I have my sweet family but I feel the situation when I will be alone 

Don&#39;t know why this song is so underrated??

May Allah bless you bhai &amp; May Uncle-Aunty&#39;s souls rest in peace, Ameen.. ️
This song is also a mAsTerPiecE

This song hits differently 

Brings tears into eyes

Rona ageia mujjhe .... So heart touching Mann

My father passed away at April 21st Thanks bb bhai bhot dino baaj aaj roya hu mai

Humans got the only way to be eternal thats being an artist, proud to be born in your era.

 i feel so bad for you still
Still listening still favourite ️ we all know what you are going through  come back soon ️

Miss you Papa 
Now this song hits more, emotionally !!

My best friend lost his mom . The family is in depression. Suddenly everything changed In a few days .

I hope you are doing fine Bhuvan 

Touched my heart 
This deserves over a billion views....India is quite big we all can do it

I was crying I listen  song  my grandfather is love me 

BB songs are much better then bollywood songs

Iam crying 
Majestic song BB! I&#39;ve listened this song in recent times like about..........twice a day..... every words of the lyric was hitting hard every time I listen this song.... you are truly an amazing artist I&#39;ve ever seen in my life so far! inspiration of mine by heart......may god bless you....keep growing like this and make beautiful songs like this in future for a fans like us......may your parent&#39;s soul rest in peace and please take care of yourself in this crucial moment...we want your smiley and positive face back on screen....please comeback bro! urge to watch you again on youtube with new a video or song  is increasing day by day!

jaha ta hai ta muskil mil na pat and hey is there for commeniting the final post on the day in the present of the final hook up is the red alert of the fvideo ....... I dont know what am I commenting

Bhuvan bhai please muze bhi ek chance dijiye singing ka please

Really very beautiful creation , hats off

God give peace of your parents.soul

Copy of All I want to song

Why is this song so underrated

I love mom dad 
What happened to me?
Oh man I a Crying Right now while typing this comment.Its not a song but a feeling which is not expressed now anymore to father.I love my father.....God bless BB true legend.

Any time i hear this song it made me cry . The only person who love us in any condition they are mom nd dad . BB your mom dad are very lucky to have such a good child 

I used to hear this song a lot.... A mnth ago on Father&#39;s day (20th June 2021) I lost my father due to Covid ... Now every time I hear this song I feel it &amp; can&#39;t even explain the pain to anyone ..... I MISS U BABA

At 2019 I have already heard to this song atleast 20 times but the news before 6 weeks .Made me listen to this song again . Miss you Padma Aunty and Avnindra Uncle . And uncle your beta Bhuvan had dedicated this song fully to you ️

remembering our past.. ️
Today in 2021 
I think bhuvan is listening to this song right know in memory of his Aai and Baba.  But he was a good kid. And I think he full filed his duty as a son. Don&#39;t worry bhuvan. I think your mom and dad are very proud in heaven. Whenever you (bhuvan) read this , do remember that you are a good man and a good son.

Classic s

It haunts me being alone in home without anyone there or to come back though I fight with my parents.God give BB the strength to endure the pain.We are with you.

Why beautiful songs like this is this much underrated, while many bogus songs get almost billion reach?,

this song is very emotional or bb ke parents ke death ke bad to ise sun ke rona aa rha he  duniya ko hasane wala bb aaj unki life ke sbse worst stage pr khada he ........ stay strong bhuvan we are always for you 

Listening to this song after the tragic news of Bhuvan&#39;s parents made me understand it&#39;s lyrics aptly. This song really is an emotion. I hope that BB u stay strong and keep hustling

If a man has his parents, he is safe even if he doesn't have them.
BB 
I almost cried on the end

<b>This song hits hard differently after hearing the news of his parents</b>

Bheed main kyu hai akela :alone bb If there was Sameer : bheed main akela pussi me kela

.

Mai Roney laga Bhai ye song se ye song bahut sweet hai I was feel this song lovely ️️️️ I love my father ️️
I listened this song after bb father and mom leave him alone I litrely cried for bb we are with you

One of everyone&#39;s favourite song....Emotional

Didn&#39;t deserves a like
Strong emotions behind this song

this song is vey geat

This song make me cryWhen I listen every time this make me cry

I lost my Nana ji a year ago. But memories of him are still fresh. One thing I got understood that yaar jo log tumhare pass baith kar baate karna chahte unko time do chhahe kitna bhi important kaam ho. Unki kami zindagi bhar khalti h. Meri commissioning ceremony hone wali h but Jiske liye army join ki thi wahi nhi h mujhko iss vardi mein dekne ke liye. Anyways BB bhai aapki musical videos Kaafi emotional aur kaafi kuchh sochne par majboor kar deti h. 

I can&#39;t imagine how much pain you are in right now after loosing your world.......lots of strength to you ️

Who says good music doesn&#39;t exist in this generation 

My father told me 3 days ago, I wonder why but I found out where my companion is, after hearing this line for the first time, I am crying 
This song became true 

I wonder how much Bhuvan gonna cry listening this now. 

Ab 2 yrs k baad ye song reality bangayi..Feeling so sorry for BB!Stay strong,Bhuvan! God shall help you along the way!

This song hits differently to me when I heard about his parents

Love you BB
Bb

Every bollywood songs are defeated by this song.

Bhuvan
R.I.P YOUR MUMMY PAPA , WE ALL ARE WITH YOU , LOVE YOU......   !

Great massege but views is down as campare to other songs of bb great bro

 i listened very carefully

This song hits differently after knowing he has lost his dear parentsMay Almighty give him strength to bear this loss!!

After 1year bb also lost his father rip ️

This song showed it&#39;s best application  in Bhuvan&#39;s life in this hard times . I am sure Bhuvan bro your parents would be proud of you . Stay happy and safe

rip to ur parents

What a song bb You are one man army ,there is no one like you We all love you bb ,Stay strong :)

This song hurts more than before, Even if you are on the other side of the screen you are like a brother to us, stay strong BB!

Coming back after 2years
Most underrated song of Bhuvan bhaiyya ಥ_ಥThe best song which anyone can make on this topic !!!

We can feel his attachment with his parents  in this song  rip to them  and hope  they will be good  there I pray to God that bhuvan bhai  will stay strong in this situation  

Very nice 
I got goosebumpsreally the song was amazing

Ahh why should all good people go. Almost cried bc of this song!

<b>GAYE KYUN MAGAR MERE HUMSAFAR JAHAN KA HAI MUSHKIL MILNA PATA</b>I was humming your &quot;Rahguzar&quot; for a week. And I didn&#39;t know that you have been through this huge tragedy. I am really sorry Bhuvan for your loss. You are the best son any parent could have. Believe me, your parents are still with you, they will support you always more than before and they will be the driving force for you. Love and Hugs! Stay strong.

He really losted his Parents know  Hari Bol  Lord hari will s mercy will be always with you

Tribute to your father and Mother Bhuvan Sir

This song hits really hard now

Today is father&#39;s day I don&#39;t know why i came to listen this song I usually don&#39;t listen to music. Hope you have a good day coming towards you

Love u buvan bro , for this song

Pray for BB lifeline 
still cant belive you lost your parents...bless you bhaiii ️

Now that what I call a song lyrics amazing

Bhuvam pls don&#39;t be sad we know life will never be the same for you but you will have to move we all are with you  time doesn&#39;t stop for any one I think you know that most. 

Please forgive me God
Now this song will hit hard Take care bb u are the reason why we laugh and cry Always stay happy God bless u and your aai baba. ️

now i can feel this song better

 stay strong bro...
BB sir bahut dukh hua aapke parents k baare mai sunke..but you have to be strong for them...they must be proud of you..and please don&#39;t feel you&#39;re alone...mana dur hai but you&#39;re like a family to us Sir and we all  want to see you smiling again...

feeling so sorry for your loss. :-(

I lost my mom to covid . I miss her like hell.. this song is close to me..Thank you BB

Condolences to BB bhaiya!  may uncle and aunty Rest in peace 

I hope you&#39;re all right Bhuvan

Can we make this to 100M?If Yalgaar is at 225M why not this? i am also a carry fan but this deserves a lot more , a lot 

I hope BB is Fine Now Stay Strong

Bhuvan bhai Rip Ur parents.
Loved this song I cried a Lott while listening to it. Love You Papa And Also Much Love for BB.Also so much strength to BB..️️

I feel like i lost something very precious to me... Try to stay strong bro.. we can&#39;t share the pain.. but we are feeling it too..

Don&#39;t feel sad bhuvan bro Right now u r suffering from  very worst conditions  anyone can&#39;t feel your pain. But u are inspiration for me. And u r very good son and person.  thank u for every thing  aap ko hi dekhe mai bahut kuch sikha hu aur aap se hi milne ke liye mai ladai kar raha hu. By the way I am NEET ASPIRANT.   Aijms delhi.।।।। Pata nahi kya kahana chata hu mai jo bhi mannn mai aaya vo bak diya. I am feeling very sad. Om shanti.

2021 still 97 lakh views waiting for 1B+ views Soon loving this song Because bb parents die but they always proud on his son

i just forgot to message my mausi and recognized just after she died of covid 

Devastated by the news. God give strength to Bhuvan️

Can&#39;t listen this song after hearing the sad news that bb lost his two lifelines.....RIP

BB lost both his parents. Can&#39;t even imagine what he must be going through

Who is here after his parents death.... Om shanti

Sorry for your loss bhuvam bhai  people who don&#39;t know his parents died due to covid 
Ohh

Now I realized the value of this song Rip bhuvan&#39;s lifelines

bhai tere sath hai sb... himmat rakh.... aai baba ko khush b to krna ...they will be happy

Heart touching song !!!

 IDK if u will read this comment sir but I am still writing it... I can’t even come close to imagining what you &amp; ur brother must be going through... I myself have been tearing up since yesterday... From following you for the past few years, I know you were super close to Aai Baba... Know that they are always with you &amp; wherever they are now, they are very happy &amp; so so so proud of you️! You are the best son any parents could ask for! Dev tumchya patishi ubha asava hich majhi prarthna   We are all with you forever  May their souls Rest In Peace  Om Shanti 

Meaning of this song changed a lot for me now onwards He lost his parents but idk why it hurts me soo mch that   fear of losing parents increased so mchGod bless everyone&#39;s parents

Our Dxn Anti Virus Super Foods Can Cure &amp; Save Humanity
Always with you BB even today after reading your post  rip

We&#39;ll miss aai and baba BB :&#39;-(

This hits different after this parents deadth .

This was my most favorite song by bb

Today I am sad.
Love and support to you bhaiMay your parents rest in peace️

This hits hard

Bhuvan mera bhai. I love you! ️ Please don&#39;t take any wrong decision, we&#39;re always with you! ️ I love you mere bhai! ️ May god grant you all the strength! Stay Strong bhai! I love you ️

Stsy Strong bhai, We love you a lot! ️
This song hits very differently nowIt’s like a part of us left tooStay strong Bhuvan 

Tears in my eyes by imagine when bb listened himself song and imagine about his father 

Stay strong BB️
I sleep every day singing Bhuvan's songs but tomorrow night I don't want him to come...I am just thinking about Bhuvan..
Bhuvan mere bhaistay strong
Who is after bhuvan bam father mother death Rip love you bb so much 

This song has got a different meaning now altogether after Bhuvan has lost both his lifelines . I hope almighty gives him strength .

<b><i>Just think after that news how he will play his mother and babloo ji role in his videos</i></b> 

Dear Bhuvan stay strong brother we are always there for you ️

Listening after he lost his mom and dad together  Now the man is crying who made us all laugh from 6 years 

I am listing this song now and can feel the pain.. Be stong bhuvan  RIP FOR YOUR PARENTS... BE STRONG 

Bhuvan bhai stay strong time will heal everything. Rip to the beautiful souls.

Stay strong BB.

Now he Lost is both parents...Huge loss for BB stay strong BB

RIP To his Mom &amp; Dad

God may give peace to the souls of your mother and father. There are few such ways in my life but you will not be able to take care of yourself. Your mother and father are also in this place. I wish that our son is sad and unhappy. Please sir.
Always pick your parent’s callU never know it may be the last call

Stay Strong brother! TUTNA MAT 
I literally cried at the endLove you papa, abba, Babuji, dad️️️Love you Bhuwan bhai
rip to both ur mom dad
If u have come here after the tragedy  bb lost his parents this is enough to show how much he loved his parents may they rest in peace

This song made me became a huge fan of him ️now this song hitting me differently god one question for u..is this innocent kind soul deserves this ??? And we just realized the song exactly projected ... Into now what he&#39;s facing love u bb️ aap confidence mat khoyie . Hum bb army aapke saat h

Stay strong bb

I hope you&#39;re doing mentally fine bhuvan R.i.p to your mom and dad

Today he lost his parents. And this song made me cry for him. The man who helped a lot in this situation can&#39;t save his parents. The man who made us laugh is now alone and crying. But bhuvan sir we are always with you. After your family we are your family . Soo we are gonna support you . Love you sir

This song hits different now Stay strong BB. Your parents will always be proud of you. Prayers for the departed souls.Please take care of yourself. We all love you always

I don&#39;t know why but iam crying because of this song. I heard  news of Bhuvan bam&#39;s perents rip for them but thay are in good place know. But this song is special this song made me cry idk why because my life is happy tho So. Bhuvan sir pls take care of you. Your songs are magic

You really made your parents proud.Take care because we all love you. RIP to your parents.

I know no one can understand the pain which u r feeling now ....This song clearly shows your emotions️ we r always with u ...STAY STRONG nd take care of yourself your parents may rest in peace️️️

Stay strong bb.. we are with you..sending strength and love to you..

RIP to your parents sir ️my his soul rest in piece

Bhuvam bhaiya... you have taught me how to take care of myself during such difficult times... don't worry bhaiya, how many people have smiled because of you... every human being is with you. ...you are not alone...️
This song hits different after uncle&#39;s sad demise 

kise pta thaa ke yeh gaana 3 saal baad zyada relevant hojayega sacha saabit hojayegaaa Bhuvan was way ahead of its time Praying for his family members parents Rest in peace

BB, I don&#39;t know how many times I have heard this song , and I cannot define you what your words meant. Everytime its like, unfolding someone whom we lost in our journey knowingly and obviously unknowingly. God give you strength Brother. You were an inspiration and will always be. In this difficult time, may be I cannot wear your shoes, but I atleast say, you will definitely be fine soon . Take care of yourself brother. ️

I&#39;m watching this today after bhuvan&#39;s parents deathI feel like crying he&#39;s in so much pain.This is so so heartbreaking. Please bhuvan stay strong please.

Stay strong my brother love you️
I&#39;m hear again to hear this song today after hearing the news of BB parents 

rip bb &#39;s parents
You&#39;ve always been a great son and a great human being Bhuvan. God bless

This song of yours made me cry today. May the souls of your parents rest in peace.

It literally broke my heart today. 

When 2 years ago I heard you crying but now you can't stop bro. This hits different now. Stay strong bhuvan bhai. May your parents' soul rest in peace. Om shanti 
I’m literally crying after hearing news of your parents. We love you Bhuvan️

Never thought this will happen actually in your life. BB. Condolences for the loss.

The song radiates stronger emotions after learning about Bhuvan’s parents. May he stay strong.

I am here after listening saddest news about your parents. it must be so hard for you , stay strong my fav we are always with you. May their souls rip.

Who is listening when bhuvan parents are no more

May his parents soul rest in peace .Om shanti .Condolences to him or ye gaana sunne k baad dil or bhari ho gaya .be strong bhuvan . we all are with you .

May your parents rest in peace  ️
Today bb lost his mom and dad in real life  always with u Bhuvan bhaiya️️️️
I almost cried after listening this song when i got news of bhuvan bam father and mother . I am small to say anything but brother god bless you ️️

May his Parents Rest in Peace .

This song hits different now! Stay strong Bhuvan

Stay strong Bhuvan bhai devastated to hear about your loss....

This is the best song ever written and made.

 RIP 
This song will hit hard now 

Listening after the news of bb losing his parenta to covid. Hits differently

bhuvan bhai pls make this song private to me only you remember me when I heard this song  bhai my heart hurts a lot for you...pls you accept her mother in your life 
It breaks my heart to hear it now that BB lost his Aai and Baba to Covid. RIP his Aai and Baba. We are with you BB. ️

BHUVAN BHAI KYU KIA BHAGWAN NE YAH RIP
Bhuvab bhai, your fans are with you, you will never meet my friend.
Rest in peach parents️️️ bhuvan bhayya you are a legend
Stay strong bhuvan 
&quot;gaye kyu magar&quot; this line is so deep 

RIP BB parents

The latest shocking news of bhuvan&#39;s parents made me listen to this song again ️ May their soul rest in peace ️ we love you bam ️

It&#39;s makes me cry

man stop it i can&#39;t watch it . it touch&#39;s soul !

I used to listen to this song, Don&#39;t know why I felt so connected with this didn&#39;t knew that I&#39;m gonna lose my dad

My father is living but whenever I listen to this song I feel lonely

Midnight , feeling lonely , take earphone and listen Rahguzar . I literally cried while listening it 

I can&#39;t get out of this song ️

Bhuvan is my favourite singer ️
I love this song it gave&#39;s me goosebumps ️

Dad’s are a blessing, never hurt, disrespect or ignore your Dad! ️️

In my opinion, this is BBs best and most underrated single. I have been listening to this song for the past 6 months and every time it comes up, I play it atleast twice. This is hands down my favorite song and gives me chills every time I listen to it.

Hey BB, can you release a whole album? I would honestly love to hear more from you.

Can&#39;t believe this is least music video of BB even tho it is prolly the best

Heer and ranjha gets 2.2m and this JUST 5 lakhs harsh truth

When your relatives are killed, don't cry even that much, but when your own parents are killed, it feels very bad 
2 years of rahguzar,this song still made my eyes full of tears

Talk to your mom and dad...spend time...look at mom and dad's face with pride..and think how beautiful, cute and innocent the face is...never ignore mom and dad for friends' sake...read more Till mom and dad will remain with me...no friend or father will stay with me...may Allah give long life to all mom and dad️️
So at last it shows that bhuvan is that boy , right?

so emotinal
I&#39;m so unlucky, that it was recommended after 2yra

We may have a lot of commitments..but spending some time with ones who spend their life time for us, should be our priority.We never know what is gonna happen the next moment, when we meet those people for the last time. A deal of crores can wait but not the time. NEVER KEEP REGRET. LIVE IN THE MOMENT. SPEND TIME WITH THE PEOPLE WITHOUT WHOM YOU DON&#39;T HAVE EXISTANCE.

I am watch this song 2021 miss my papa 

Best

Best

Bro made u made me cry yarReally
9 mint remaining

12 bjy ma mar jao ga
I have poured a lot of water on Abu G and I am very happy. I am ok bye.
BB is best youtuber in my opinion. Pure Talent. Love you bro. 

I don&#39;t know why there are 27K dislikes. It&#39;s based on emotions and no vulgar words are present in this song

I woke up at night and did not see the dawn.
Bald character please ️

Came back here on lockdown.. Remembering those days before corona

Jst waaau..it&#39;s soo close to heart.thnx for this supprb song bb..Luvs u

This song defines that nothing is greater then your parents, it&#39;s our duty to take care of them.

Thank you bb, cant get enough  of this song, ocd hogya  bhai
This song deserves 1billion views and likes

<a href="">3:20</a> dancing on this part BTW emotional amazing

Papa come quickly na papa I miss you stay with the app plzzzz
My dad expired 
Why peoples are listening to carry legend is there

I lost my diamond my heart  my father when I was just 12 years....last year my father passed away but his memory always with me.

My father is in army their partner . I think that who not came to their home how their family members will thinking that they will come but............. not.

the time when he rejects the call.... hits me 

My Daddy died on 7th April 2021.... im so sad ..... 
Love

I don&#39;t know why..but I just criedLots of love ️

Now I am 18 my best hero my father is no more 

Dislikes are from those who loves lyrics of Tony kakkar ..Are u agree

I listen to this song every day. Each time i do so , my heart cries out through my eyes.Great work BB!love u...

its really very beautiful...........

Wow️️️️
Love you
Brother, today I turned to tune
Full of emotions

This song directly impact&#39;s to my heart 
I m actually cry at the end  

Dude you are just down to earth! 

April 2021 ? ️
wao

Thanks  YouTube for master class  recommend

So Emotional I Was Litrealy Crying

This man....bro m speechless

NEVER CUT A CALL BEFORE RECEIVING 


GREAT MESSAGE

U r multitalented BB!!!!

Deep really deep message very few would be able to get to it he wants to express that when a close one are with us we don&#39;t bother to give value to them or respect to them but we forgot that what we are today are just because of them we realise the value of them once we lose them at that moment it&#39;s useless to regret so always pay gratitude to your parents be thankful of their generosity live every moment with them and remember that what you are today is the gathering of their sacrifices at least have some decency that when they need  you , you should be there because once you need them 

Bro you deserve more suscribers than any indian youtuber. I&#39;ve watched all ur videos. You&#39;re amazing bro. What you do is.... Something that only you can do.

We want Titu talks with MS Dhoni episode 4 ..

IT&#39;S A MASTERPIECE 
WHAT A VOICE 
I lost my father last year but he is immortal in my every success he is just my Hero foreverLove you papa ji soo much️

Its 2021 and i am still searching this song and missing my family from abroad..

Op

This song makes me cry

Outstanding.......this song make me cryyyy

Dislikers don&#39;t value their fathers

 big fan of bb bhi

I&#39;m suffocating , my memories with my dad ️ behind doors waiting for him back from office.

This is best song very heart touching !!! ️

I never had a fatherOhh okk I will tell you the truth. So it was that my father was in love with a gold digger, She made me then she made my sister then she destroyedour house then she left me home with my grand father grand mother great grandma and great grandfather !Are you crying? Save those tearsSo then in 2019 she did a case to win me back. And she failed, Cod she took a wrong move! Wanna know? She slapped me in front of the whole courtBad I know. But it was worth it coz now I am living the life, Yeah! 

Why dislikes 

Hyyyy... Thank you so much for this beautiful song ️️️️
Unlike why do you do this song?
Amazing song with an great emotion

sir is this story dedicated to your life

Next arijit singh 
I cry everytime I listen to this song.I wanna hug my dad tight (It has been years)️Only boys know this zeal

gives me chill everytime i hear this song

Arjit ke bad rulane me mahir hai aap . hats off for you . 

Disliker are father heaters

This song makes me emotional

I keep on listening this song because it is close to my heart

Last 50 sec when crowd was cheering with bb was the moment of lifeA huge huge fan of bb sirNo one is like u in this world ️

Mast song hai ️
Bb u r all roundertruly love with ur voice and ur heart!

Who is here after the breakup?
Script 
To be honest song was not bad but the vedio gave me goosebumps

I am here to clean my ears after vardaan 

What a beautiful voice. Your song has the power to convey message to the hearts of the people who are listening. Amazing .a truly beautiful artist.

Though he&#39;s the lead artist and creator of the video, he puts his name last. That&#39;s Bhuvan for us who has a heart of gold ️

I cried really 
PT <a href="">0:59</a> <i>I love this part</i>

Bhuvan Baam is a musician from heart.
What do you do friend, you will know whether to laugh or make me cry..
WOwwwwww

Bhuvan should be awarded for making ppl feeling happy from its funny vdo&#39;s,as well for making ppl realise their mistake n giving a meaningful msg. love u bhauvn️

Bhai app Bollywood me song writer ban jao ore wo song khud hni gao.

My dad had cancer operation in Jan 2021 and the opration went sucessful and today I was listening heer ranjha and I remembered about this song maa kasam bhai rula diye ho️

That&#39;s why he is so underrated coz he makes everyone cry in his every song️

It&#39;s so painful
Literally cried everytime after hearing this song...

Love uuu sir ji..the talent that is in the app is not in anyone or me.
how cm every1 lost their dad, RIP to all of u mans fathers

Its 2nd march 2021 I&#39;m still listing it as first time ️️️️
Papa has been here for 2 years, I visited the country only for 1 month, I miss you a lot. Wbo is taking too much medicine, Umar ho gaya unka bade karte karte, pray for my father, may Allah take care of himLove from Bangladesh vai️🇧🇩
Baap hai tho Sare sapne Apne hai ,baap hai tho bazar ke Sare toys Apne hai .

️️️️️️brooooo awesome
This song make me cry ........And ur voice is really awesome ...I feel the silence by listening your songs️️Love u so much Bhuvan dadu️love from Ratnagiri,Konkan️

Not having father in our lives is the most painful thing in this world..

I lost my father when I was 14 in Feb 28 2004

U should go to INDIAN IDEAL  and i am sure u will be the winner 

Sad to see millions of views in his normal videos but this has less than 10 million views btw I love all his videos.... 

I love my father 
Don&#39;t know why but everytime I listen to this song, I weep.....you have such a soulful voice BB 

  . LOVE THIS SONG ALWAYS 
I lost my dad when i was 1 year i dont have momeries but can fell that if i have my dad so i can fight every problem but at the last i get broken i miss my dad now i am 13 years thanks you for this song world most beautiful song

I don&#39;t have words for bb&#39;s talent ️ i have emotions Love you bhuvan bam️.  you deserve all the happiness of the world 

<a href="">2:35</a> I looked ahead and tears started flowing from my eyes.
This Song makes me cry every single time when I listen to it, so heart touching...

Brother bass make a song please 
After listening to this song i literally hugged my dad so hard thnks BB for making this video love u BB..............

Bhuvan will stay in every fan&#39;s heart forever ️

You can watch video of this song twice ️

Song is best 

What will Baskar rule?
In lockdown we are all being close to our family and our father, but i losing my father and he even don&#39;t ask me about me, he took another girl and she live us

 I&#39;m speechless now
This song gives me goosebumps every time. It never gets old

Thanks bahi
This song made be get goosebumps and also made me cry. Very heart touching song. Really tells a lot about father - son attachment.

This was speechless

I still get goosebumps while listening to this song

Bro, You Killed It!!! What A perfect song...

Bhai... Jitna bhi dislikes ayye... Dnt stop producing songs... Dislikes came from them who already knew that ...no one can stop u ️️

Op

It&#39;s amazing

This song gives me goosebumps every time I watch it. I guess this would make everyone who lives away from their parents emotional. More so, in covid, when you can&#39;t see them. Sending best wishes from Boston, great work Bhuvan! :-)

tanishq
Whenever I listen this song it make me cry each and every time....BB GOD BLESS YOU ️

Why this song still not crossed 10 Million views ???

Lovely song

I hade goosebumps while listening to the song

This song made my day!

Buvan I will tell you the truth....It literally made me cry brother, what a voice and the emotions felt in the song is just amazing. I don&#39;t have much to say but I will tell you keep making good content like this and best of luck!

Brother Kasam, the sun's cry has come out
A song has been sung while making me cry.
True singer, actor, writer ️️
Moral of song always listen our Parents

Great message

I love your this song is gaane pa 556k like SA zaida hona chaiatha but kismut ma ja likha ta but I love your this song so so much ️️️️ but ma thorasa imoshoneal be hogayatha  but I love your this song so much and love you

Your such a down to earth and  an adorable person that you&#39;ve written your name at tha last. Appreciate n love your work. Loads of love from bangalore. 

Now dislikes will come on such songs and then the welfare of the world will go away.
I love my FATHER

miss and gypsy
So deep i literally cried from inside great message️

I mostly listen to English music because of beats but your vocals are so smooth I just came back today to like and comment I wish I could sing too but I will become a good YouTuber without boosting and then I will ask bhuvan Bhai mene Likha gana gauge will u sing my song I will doo it

Really, This is really a heart touching song..️..Mai kaise meri expression ko explain karu yrrr..it&#39;s too good..️..Justt mind blowing..️️
I cried while watching this because my father work so hard to just give us whatever we ask for 

Still in love with this song ️

Best song ever

What have you said brother?
Love you bro . You are next level guy.

Finally 20M subs. Congratulations BB

Imagine putting this last part in a fanfest

Am I wrong in thinking that the people in black symbolise his regrets? His regrets lead to memories - which is why all of them turn towards the child - then the small chest pain - back to present regrets and thus so on? And at the end, all this regrets engulf him. I am really curious. They are turning front and back - it is symbolic, isn&#39;t it?

I wish I could like it thousand times not only once️️️️️ talent is seriously overflowing out of this man .... BB is Love ️

Voice of 

Teary eyes.... BB my Father is still alive for God sake.I want my parents to be Happy Always at any cost.Lovely song

Nothing to say

I have listened this song multiple times still it feels good to listen to it

Miss you papa 
Kuch bhi ho baap hmesha muskura hi dete. 1.35 Dads are the best thing in this world ️

i never hugged my father, i never told my mom and dad that how much i love them...i never share my pain with my mom and dad..may be i am shy to talk with them,share my feelings with them or openly share my emotions... But allah knows how much i love them,how much i care for them...

Plz support
I love father ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
Even though I haven&#39;t lost anyone thank you to god...but this still made me cry

Bhuvan app can tell my feeling late hoo appp besttt
bb&#39;&#39;]&#39;\]&#39;[

It&#39;s incredible to be honest. Where our mainstream artists (be it bollywood or pop) are simply reduced to bunch of commercial sell outs, here&#39;s a man who is not even a full time pro singer ( but an incredible comedian) tell such a beautiful, simple yet moving story through the music and the video is simply mind-blowing. Our music industry needs to relearn this simple effective power of innocent stories. Only then can we regain the lost glory of the golden days. Keep going BB!

ohhh 
Hi

I dedicate this song to my mom for what she did for me ..

Love you bb
It gives me goosebumps in the end

If your father dies , then you lost the umbrella upon you !

Literally.... This made me cry!

Missing my dad  and i am working for him and trying my best ...            Your 1 subscribe means ×100 motivation level

This song is one of the best songs I&#39;ve heard in my entire life and every time I listen to this my eyes get wet.The video , The lyrics everything&#39;s so perfect I just can never appreciate this melody enough.

Papa I love you .tom hi the mere ma or tom hi the papa.

Bhai gana mat chodna bhuban bam is better than bb ki vines

BEST THEME AND MUSIC EVER CREATED IN THIS WORLD.

I m ur biggest fan bro ️️wanna meet uh u r such a great person i have no word to explain about uh  and Praise uh 
Lovely composition and excellent wording.

Sir, I respect you more as a musician than a Youtuber

Whenever I listene this song I get emotional

We need to appreciate his music more kids

This song is so underrated

This is your new wonderful avatar. You are a touchstone. Make everything that comes in contact with you something brilliant . Hats off man. From BB comedy to something so solemn. Great work 

I am crying after saw this video

Dill chu gya .really amazing .i can&#39;t believe this song is written by you . Love you BB Love you so much BB

Made me cry 
I literally broken after reading all these comments.... Welcome tears.... Miss you pappa.....

BB is best you are best bb i love you ap to hamari felling ko vedio dehikate huu

Dad. Mummy. And never cut off the phone of your bad friend 
I am 15 y/o and spent all the 15 years without my father and this song just realised me how much I miss my father

Fact : in every  video of bb it is atleast 1million like but in this  video it 500k Everyone wants &quot;Chatpata &quot; content .This deserves 2mil likes Sad reality 

You are a legend

BB is artist

No parents! But still alive in pain

27 nov 2020  I lost my father who was a legend bro

Lovely

The best and most beautiful song of bb

A song with a truly deep meaning, I love u dad  thank u to everything u provided me, nobody can replace u

Please make song on mother and friends
