Wow so cute baby

Nicc

Like this Jayalalithaa face
Congratulation
Congratulations

celerities also need privacy

Congratulation 
Baby is so sweet...... But baby sab k hote hai fir kya ho gya kisine pic click krli to is konsi baat hai ..........hadh krte yeh badaa log bhi

Acha

Very nice video baby

Baby born with silver spoon

Just shut up...think of wat modi is doing to India...roti ko b tarsegi...Kisan ko cover kr u idiot

Anvi kohli name achcha he
Wow kya bebi h

Congratulations  and this is good decision

Nice

Beautiful same mummy vaisi and papa vaisi also

Congratulations Anushka

Congratulations  queen 
Vamika ️️️
Virushka ️️️
️️️hyy Gurudeb ️️
congrats

How is your baby now?

GOD BLESS THE FAMILY️
Congratulation ji
January 11th!!!️️️
Madam please enforce your privacy.
congratulations Anushka &amp;Virat
Congratulations

Normal delivery????
Congratulations 
Oh so cute

Congratulations

Call karo kya hua

Over hgya ye to
So cute baby...God bless her nd lombhi omar de

I This decision cannot be considered right because in this the Kohli family has done a great injustice to their fans.
Congratulations 
Good 
Bda bkws lga decision..
So nce bbe

Congratulations

money worth
Boring

It's a good thing that she still has a girlfriend and you didn't even take her out.
Anushka baby girl allha blees you and  birat so lucky

MashaAllah Allah pak naseeb achy Karen ameen nd Congratulations
Very cute God bless the child and the parents

So cute Beby

Cute baby

Congratulations

Nice vidio

Congrats

Acha lage
Like you, my daughter is always loved by father and mother, congratulations sister.
Are you stiwatching movies from the &#39;80s to 2012 after that I don&#39;t want to hear or seen none of them

Hollywood people are really ridiculous seriously

Congratulations

Laxmi is here now to RCB champion this is the time no one has resisted brother
Aww she is like her mom

wish u very very congratulation

Hamen to bakwas laga video

Congratulations soooooo cute..Sat Guruji bless u baby

Congratulations for both Anushka and virat Kohli

Congratulations...

luv u angel
Congratulations 
So cute baby . Congrats virushka

Congratulations.. so cute baby

Ths is called Over acting k maa baap
Dhoni is a best father of ziva dhoni

Congratulations anushka and virat

Congratulations

Congratulations virat coli 
Badayiho
Congratulations Virat Kohli And Anushka Sharma

The public makes fun of these people and makes fun of the public.
<a href="">

Cngrats

Congrats

God bless you for your cute family

Public hi bewkuf h jo in jaise logo ko dekh k khus hote h

So sweet

Congratulations

Alagh Alagh test

Ye kon hai maloom hai

Nice

Achcha decision h
Ye babita Phogat ka baby boy h

Lucky girl 

Look like mom

So Beautiful Baby

Congrats anushka virat

Lovely ️️️️️
Are Bacho ko saans to lene do ache se

Privacy ?Sab kush to khud hi twitter pr post krte ho or oper se ye privacy wali Nautanki :::Murakh to log hain jo in ke pishe bhagte hain Bhad mein jayein ye kya lena in se

MA Sha Allah
Apne bacche sabke liye khaas hote hai, isme special KYa hai , agar wo privacy chahte h to do unko, itna piche kya lagna

Lbl thoda Jada hua he

Why please check the condition of these people and please check them.
Correct decision 
People are also crazy, why are you taking other people's photos?
Always be happy

My favourite people with a beautiful baby 

Love you baby

Anokha chacha nahi hua yrr  normal bat tum jse ko ko hai but why are you making a video?
The baby really looks like junior Anushka

Congratulations
Congratulations  for both of you and your little  From Canada 🇨🇦

Cute baby

MashAllah Allah keep you or your daughter happy ameen
Congratulations God Blessed You &amp; Your Family

If u r public figure how u demand so much privacy for just a pic. Jin crores logo ki wjh se star bane ho wo apke lie itni blessings dete hain. Apko Dekh Kar hanste rote hain... They r waiting to c Ur baby like Ur family. To itna drama kyu ?? I am not at all interested in their life , children and all. But I know many those are mad for U people .

Acha nahin jaane doo yaar bachche sabke ghar mein hote hoon hai
Cutie pie
Evry parents wants to care thier babies  best of luck dear

Good

Beti ki liye bht bht Mubarak bt itni 9tanki achi baat ni bade admi ho to what do you give to the daughter?
To ye koun hai  pagal

Congrats



Congrats both of u

Vry badd lagaaa

Why did you click the baby&#39;s pic  then? Why did you not respect their privacy?

Congrats 
Respect some1s privacy

Amin

Sooo cute

So cute 
Or is there nothing new?
To kya

nice..
Look like nonsense
We have respect their decision

Bohat galat hy

Is there normal delivery?
Congratulations

very Cuit baby

Buddha's refuge.
Congratulations Ansukha and virat

Great news love from pakistan 🇵🇰

Baby is totally looking like anushka ... Exctly nose.. Specially anushka in rab ne banadi jodi her facelook

Also tell me.. will Anushka feed the baby or not.. will the baby wear diapers or not. Whether you should give formula to your baby along with your milk or not. We are the only ones who give them so much trouble... Those people who cannot pay for operation and in the process of normal delivery the mother or the child gets lost, show them nothing... There is no need for people to help.
Anyways carry on No one cares

Paparazzi kon h
God bless her ️
This much security for discharge...is absolutely necessary 
It seems so beautiful that she is still an angel.
Please tell me the video of any further discharge.
Why are you misguiding me by posting wrong photo? You are getting emotional after seeing baby's photo.
cute angel mashAllah
So cute baby

Best decision
Congratulations

Ceasering, normal delivery, hua?
These people are acting like they are the first child in the whole world...before the birth of Anushka, they have made so much money by doing advertisements, these people want to keep the door from limelight
Long live the farmer laborer!
What will happen to Taimur now?
Breaking News.. RIP Indian Media ...

I took a picture myself on my Instagram and took it to my fans, it looks like I have done so 
Fake 
Nataunki...baby born hain..no terrorist nahi...so why spend so much on high security?If there is more crime and rape on any girl in the world then give her security at night..we are the light of the country girls. For this... everyone is in drama... Virat and Anushka are like this... these are the people who have given birth to a child for the first time in the world... and no one else.
Congratulations to u virushka

Good privacy in parent

very nice

Are you showing off your baby bump by removing your clothes? Or are you taking privacy to take pictures of the baby??? Lol Mahaan log, whatever he says is true.
Mashallah baby soo sweet
Congratulations

In India, where safety and security are needed, our daughter is not completely safe in this rape case.
Ekadam bekar Laga pagal
What is the need for high security?
Welcome Anvi baby...

observed
Speak up for farmer’s

So cute baby god bless u

How much less has this world left for us?
Lol who cares about your baby , people get killed , girls get rapped no body cares,  the hell with you Justice for SSR

Good

Aam ladki paida huyi hai Koi hoor ki pari nh paida huyi hai jo itna privacy chahiye madam ko ghusa k rakho apni beti ko belly k ander bahar q ane diya?

Soooo cute️️️️ God bless you ️️️️
Super

God bless the little one️Lekin kya hain aaisi news main? I mean..what is going on...Saadi ho gayi toh news...bachcha ho gayi toh news...some celebrity's breakup ho gayi toh news.....aarey bhai matlab chal kyahara? How beautiful is the world and you people have read such news...
Congratulations Anushka Sharma And Virat Kholi
I don&#39;t know why they have such a supiority complex they haven&#39;t shared a single pic of their daughter.... Nor like hardik they have taken pictures with hospital staff...

Mt lene do pic.. Kon mar rha he dekhne ko.. Vo fan he is liye bachhi ko dekhna chahte he.. Hamare bhi bachhe he.. Rkho chupa ke hame kya

V.bad

Congratulations both of you

So cute
This much information has been given, and what is left? What back door can reporters not go to?
Many Many Congratulations to the lovely Couple ! May God bless the child forever !

Agar accha lge to maim rkh lijiy
I want to tell you a name, I am Anushka.
Kuch din baad khud hi pic post karte nazar aayege ye log for their own publicity

I am left with this drama, what should I do with you and my baby?
Just she discharged from hospital to itni security or jidar itna rape or bi silence crime ho rahe he waha kuc bi ni.

Congratulations both of you!️

May God always keep your daughter happy.
All children are cute.. Who is that child special?... Are you our child who has not found out what he is.. As you are seeing he has come from some direction.... And he is a cricketer. That's why you have become children.. No one has done such a thing.. Seeing them doesn't make you feel bad, on the contrary, you get all blessings.. Those with weak thoughts 
Paparaazi kya hota hai?
Congratulations anushka

Good dicision
Jitne v celivraty h unki pic kvi nhi click ki jaye and ignore kra jaye phr ye khud pic click karwane k liye pareshan hoge

Mashalla you love me so much, congratulations!
Hey, you are very happy..
Virat kohli baby girl God bless you
Congratulations from bigest fan vartika

Hahahaha.. everyone told, entry exit from back door, second car, discharge at night.. and keep talking about privacy.
Jeene do yaar inko with their life &amp; privacy....

Cute baby Anushka Sharma

Congrats cool,king,hit
Agar said that if pictures are clicked then these videos will go viral of his daughter.... Kch smj nai araha hai sch mai baby girl hai bya nai 
50'000 rs have not been charged for the charges in Tata hospital. Marneki nobat ai he to itana mehenga gift badle me girl hone kikhushi mei 90 lakh majya patient ko to give how many lives they will save.
Best feeling ever. When you become parents

Not interested.... To see the pics

Papaaa raazzziiii 
Wow brother, what is the matter, father also had to seek permission.
Congratulations Virat n Anushka so pretty Nanhi si pari pink pink pinki  mom ki parchhai hai bilkul

Congrats virushka️ good decision 
Congratulations 

Masha Allah
Baby looks exactly like Anushka

So cute mashallah ALLAH
cutee baby

God bless you baby with lots of love️️️️️️️
My baby is 9 months old and my mother-in-law and father-in-law are there during the day. 1 hour video call bat krte hai muze bilkul psnd. No one is listening but no one is listening
God gave me a very cute baby. But I gave her pic to everyone...drama h bhai..
congratulations
Action from 
Aise logo ko to puchata hi kon hai

Congratulations..uncle n aunty..for ur girl baby ..

Wow Masha Allah so cute
She looks like anushka And my daughter looks like me

Who is Papa rajis??

How negative minded are these two, we have no interest in seeing their child. I hate such narrow minded parents. They are making people famous only and are showing that attitude to people. Anushka... Aishwarya is not that beautiful either... . third class both of you...Money is fun and not much.
Girls are blessed by Allah..Any house where there is a girl is blessed by Allah..
The first woman in the world has given birth to a daughter who has so much security but people are just proud of money or what are these people?
Very good 
Are we our love and are we more beloved than our people?
I have a request to you guys please help your country's daughter 
Very very beautiful baby

Congratulations

they will regret it as they will have no memories or pic of their baby the day she was born

Their decision for baby is right! Keep safe and healthy!

Congratulations Virat Bhai
They are not royal people

Y soo much..... Oh god v all born in the same way for god sake....dont hype this issue plz

Tanmay sir will CSK retain Suresh Raina? Or use RTM card
no hurry . wating for pics . congrats

Congratulations

Congratulations 
For wat they need privacy... Any way let them take privacy who cares

Congratulations! VIRUSHKA u take a right decision about your child.

Ur decision is good
𝓖𝓸𝓭.𝓫𝓵𝓮𝓼𝓼𝓮𝓫𝓪𝓫𝔂.𝓪𝓷𝓭.𝓯𝓪𝓶𝓲𝓵𝓵𝔂
I dont understand that why people give this much popularity to this people.... Thay are also human beings....... They aren&#39;t coming from another planets or not God.... Why all are you not giving popularity to other people&#39;s.....

They should be given privacy.
Without any doubt right decision vk️️️️
Who is paparazzi???

With out bottom, don&#39;t  copy west copy cat

Congratulations

Kuch jada hi acting krre he. Ye log to itni to koi celebrity ne nhi ki hogi

Congratulations anuska and birat sarr

We don't have any interest. No one can see these two and no one can see their daughter.... 
Congratulations 
Lol  private security 
Who r they..... I don&#39;t know ...bahad mai jawo .....I don&#39;t like them..jaise  duniya mai khali wahe ek parents baney hai....

You are a celebrity that&#39;s why everyone wants to see the pictures of  your child..No one will even going to touch your baby for that you have to maintain security... Sometimes you people forgot that -- Aap celebrities jnta ki vjh se ho jnta aapki vajh se ni h..

The one who has money is the one who is in the media.
Legend.s have only girl dhoni . Virat . Rohit

Congratulations to both.

Congratulations

Not interested 

Instead of baby girl baby boy would have born then really india would have become upside down

Plese speak for farmers
Congratulation dear
Are you crazy about a silent marriage and a silent child?
Foolish decision, they should share their happiness with papa razi, have they done any crime that hiding and exiting from back door?

Congratulations  both of them. Stay bless

Abhi can't do surgery, so it wouldn't be a good idea to show it now.
Congratulations
I don't chain you guys mgr???
What is new and unusual in thit incident they are also normal human beings with human qualities

Congratulations

GoD bless her

Not interested in bollywood and cricketers any more

Congratulation Virat sir and anushka mam

did too much
G b u️
May God keep all the children happy and healthy
Lakta hai world's first woman Anushka
Why are everyone's children so secure, what is different from them, what is different from the world, what is this world, what are they becoming parents, what is everyone's love for them, people are getting a little excited, are photos etc. being shot, what is this drama? All these bad guys who go through the back door upload the photos of children themselves and give us millions of likes on their tab.
Bhati achhalagi

God bless you

Yashika has not eaten yet
Lgta h jaise koi ajooba bccha aagya h itni coverage
Congratulations may God bless you
God bless you baby Anushka

MashaAllah Allah bless you
So cute

I don&#39;t know why they are being like royal family anyway the world is going to see your daughter so what&#39;s the point of hiding it or may be they are gonna grow her in Closedoor stupid

Aise mein woh zayda celebrity ho gayi hain...sabki curiosity hain bohut kab dekhegi

QA

Congratulations 
God bless u

This job of India is amazing with so much hardworking and security duty of people, here everyone has to do it, then you can do it even by turning the light, here you can do one thing day and night and do the job like one logo. go to the security bank
Nic baby

Bakwass

God bless her

Congratulation Anushka and Virat

kuch youtubers kahate he it&#39;s a baby boy .And kuch bol rahe he ki it &#39;s a baby girl What is real.?

Very good Good luck
Didn't feel like it at all
Congratulations

Arya bhai.... How are you a daughter... Rani, this woman is born, what has happened... When publicity happens.. Then I don't see the door of the peephole.. 
They asked for privacy and you guyzz are following them for picss ...woow‍️‍️Just stop itt.They are also humans they also need privacy guyzz.Just stop itThey send that note secreatly and you guyz make it public‍️‍️‍️
Congratulations Virat and Anushka.God bless you and your cute beautiful baby Aanvi️️
God bless you  cut baby

Welcome kid
Bkwas…the birth of a girl is a unique thing and I am suddenly surprised.
There is no such thing as unique as when you tell your daughter the news that the media has told you, then you will gain by keeping your daughter on the media.
Bakwas

Get lost, as if nobody else in this world had kids,,naira dikha rahe

Go away from them. Or btati raho
very nice
Masha Allah 
God bless you

Congratulations dear friends
Right decision 
Congratulations Anushka

Bakwas tha decision

May god bless both of them with  the little angel

Vaise bhi u shudnt click pictures and stuff until they r big enough cus flash eyes ko bhi lagti h and the baby has just started adjusting with real world

Bs ab sb madal ho jayege anuska virat beti.anuska virat beti
Very nice

Awesome baby.. Stay God bless u nd healthy.. Congratulations
congratulations

Wow kitni cute hai baby

Congrats

Wow the baby was born exact on my birthday ️️

Best design
Toba main kiya hai problem hai
Good

Virat born on 11 NovMarried on 11 decBecame dad on 11 JanOnly captain in India who did 11 hundreds in one yearWhat a luckBtw i am from Bangladesh

11 Jan my Barth day how
Look a lot
It's true brother
Cute baby

God bless you
11 january ko  mera bhee birthday hei ️

Papa razi 
They imitating royal family of uk they aren&#39;t important people  going  from back door from hospital they are not royals any way we all are ordinary people  of lord all mighty.

Congratulations for cute baby

Anushka you released films with Ayushmaan please my dear I love you too much baby
conrarulations my dear sweetheart

Leave them alone they r also human

Very good decision ️️️️
Wow, what are these girls from another world that are so overacting?
Baby peit me thi amma adhe adhore kapdo me pic click. krati thi tb Virat ki security kha thi Beti pyida ki h koi angle nhi aai h .....hhhhhooo

Congratulations

Why is there any rare thing in this baby?
Good

Many many congratulations to both of you...such a pretty and nice girl ...bless u bachii <a href="">#nanhipari</a> 

she is like anushka 

It's so much, what to say?
Congratulations

God bless u

I think right decision

Congratulation.......
Congratulations

Guys at least show us some pictures of the baby girl we all are excited to see as well

Papa what?????

Right dicision &amp; congratulations both of you

Nice

I I love their decision

Whole Indians give blessing and just waiting to see one jhalak of their child..then privacy aa gyi...Hadd hai

Jab baby bump open dikha rhe hai and shoot kr rhe hai..tab privacy nhi dikhi..tab openly shoot kiya

Last month tak to photo shot kraya ab baby dikhani be nai

Even after giving permission they did not release the picture then the society will come...their decision is right but they are very emotional.
very good
Congratulations

Congratulation 
I don't realize that people spend so much of their time...it's important to pay attention to your family...
Hittt sir all ok
So cair full mammy papa

Badhaai ho 
Right
Take care

So you go and eat breakfast, why are you listening to the news?
Cute baby

Ohh god kisi ko itni padi nhi hai , plz carry on .

have a happy life

have a happy life

There is no privacy while showing the baby bump.. Now what is the society? These people will do anything for money
Bandriya Anushka chupa kr he rkh apne bacche ko hme koi interest bhi nhi h dekhne ka boycott Bollywood hattt

Phir ye photo or video kiski hen

Will you ever show it to your daughter?
Bkvas sb ke bachche normal he is the right hero, what has happened to us, we also have the right to see.
Virat and Anushka world k best mumma Papa honge

Very cyut baby

Paisa aata hai to masti hai hum jaisa fans nahi hai he chaya hoa hai India ka caption hai hai hai congratulations
Congratulations
Bahut hi strictly design hai virath kohli ka

Daughters are born to everyone, which one of them is born separately who is showing so much?
Mashallah
Right

A very slow decision was taken.
Right decision
Everyone is special for ink, not just ink.
Which hospital was she in ?

Congratulations

God bless her ️️
Well, it is also true, this is how Taimur's popularity will continue 
Right direction and cute capal and congratulations ️️
Congratulation anushka mam and virat
Great decision
Wow.... <a href="">#nipachhatbar</a>

Congratulations sir and mam

Congratulation..
Congratulations

Congratulation to Anushka and Virat 
So cute baby

Masha allah Congratulation both of you
Congrats. God bless  baby and her parents

The first mother in the world who gave birth to a child.
Congratulations..

What is right according to the generation
Now you will not see this log left picture so easily, you can cash it in and earn money from it too.
Congrats

Sab  nakhre  h ,covid  hai   bhi   wo  log  insta  ,Facebook   par  tu  pic  dal   sakte   thee  ,pregnancy   mei  tu   photo shoot   karati   thee   paise   banane  ke  liy   ,

Allah pak app bless everyone
Right decision
Congratulations virat bro
Off course yar let them enjoy parenthood.Congrarulations to them.

God bless you virat Kohli and virushka congratulation I hope you are safe stay again ️️
G B U

I don't have to pay anything while logging in, see the pic tab.
Pagalpan wala

Congratulations  
God bless anvi

Sahi h y
Papa rishijh kon️
Oh so cute baby no one noticed
The baby told me that he felt very good at the end.
What is it that makes someone else's daughter the daughter of a warrior.. Real picture not seen.
Andar thi to Amma pic bnwae bina rehtii nhii thin....

Congrats

Congratulations

Congratulations mashalla 
Who is creating this much drama? Even Mukesh Ambani would not have provided this much security or this log.
𝘚𝘶𝘱𝘦𝘳
Congratulations sir or mam

Congratulations 
Soo cute baby

Right decision
Congratulation both of you.

Mashallah

Congratulation
Congratulationsdear..
Congratulations

Consider yourself God...
Congratulations
Congratulations to you both to a cute baby girl

Very nice
GOD BLESS HER

Congratulations virat sir and Anushka mam

Congratulations 
Nice post

Sbko baby hote he ye koi special he kya celebrity ke bcche ko famous kyu krte he sbke ke bchhe unke momdad ke liye special hote he.

Congratulations

Bahot bura...kisiko dekhna hai usaki beti ko...bahot bhav khate hai ye star log...humare vajah se to upar ate hai

Congratulations ️
God Blessed u . Congrats again and stay save lives.‍️
congratulations
May God bless her

Yha hm jb paida hue the sabki hatho me yuhi uchl ke ghumte the or ek ye log

Congratulations 
Congrats kohli
Salaams  we must respect everyone&#39;s  privacy.  Heard of a word called NAZAR. Catch a Wake-up  Indians no need to take offence.

Congratulations and God bless her

Akdom Right Diction
Right dicision
Or are you the only person left who knows that you are the one who is showing this to everyone in the world that you are the only one in the world who has given birth to everyone who is left and you have taught everyone to understand that the amount of money you have spent is equal to the amount you have given to a poor person.
Congrats 
God bless you

Let's just don't overact or you will be saved 
Virat opened people's wrong habit of adding MPK by adding money and making them famous again.
May Allah bless them

Zada over act mat karo anushka sharma aur verat kholi is duniya me 1 tum 2no he prents nahe bane ho jb dekhanahi nahitha to ye sub photos shoot karne ki ky zarurat the beshram log nautonkisale
