America's refusal of vows and the fact that they are waiting for them
The bitches were running...
I don’t understand, what do they have there, is it possible to extract oil under every dacha?
This is how Erdogandon's ass burns
It was tangerines!!! :)
Well done! I am proud of our aircraft!
when there&#39;s a spider on the wall

OUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!

cyka cyka blyat cyka!!!!
Just an English comment passing through

Allahu Akbar!!!!!!
it&#39;s like that mission on Call of Duty

New trend! Stickers &quot; I fucked ISIS" on the rear window of a car, or something like that. The more disrespect, the less respectable the project. I already ordered a sticker! Only &quot; I am against ISIS" I'm embarrassed to write obscene language!
what the hell is this?

Recalibrate on the sweep angle, adjust elevation scan

You don&#39;t have to scroll down cause there r no english comment ! 

The barmalei were running around))
Merry Christmas
Was planning on visiting Aleppo... Looks like I gotta cancel. Thanks Russia.

&quot;Enemy AC-130 Inbound! &quot; - Captain Price

uhhhcyka countertop?
When you don&#39;t understand wth say the tittle but enter because the video is viral.

beauty!
Enemy satcom spotted
Some Spanish speaker xD
It looked like ants running

Just an English comment passing through

Uncle Fyodor, you called the video wrong. “An airstrike on a convoy of fuel tankers of the terrorist group ISIS (banned in Russia). “That’s how it should have been.”
Because there’s no need to steal Syrian oil...
God is Great, praise be to God (Victory is near, God willing, over the enemies of God and the sect of disbelief)
Did the air conditioner explode again?
I feel sorry for the people, they are probably ordinary drivers.
Fuck ISIS man.

I dont see linda in the comment section...

why din&#39;t it shot the people too?

umm just a non aribic passing through ...

let them all fucking burn alive
Could someone tell me what is happening in this vid?

ahh bitch bleat like cockroaches shy away from explosions!!
what is this

ONE ONE ONE
Ayyy anyone here speak English doe?

If Nicoli wasn&#39;t too busy killing zombies I would have him translate this for me.

ummmmm... English anyone?

I don't understand the comments at all :c
I LOVE RUSSIA!!!!!! (ps.from America)

Linda will destroy isis

This is the new ARMA 3 ISIS Elimination DLC

BEAUTIFUL
CYKA

Isis fuckers

Wtf is this

and i was all like &quot;pew pew pew pew... &#39;merica.&quot;

The generation of ISIS in Syria and Iraq must be wiped from the earth. The health of the defenders of the shrine
<b>Wild comment in Spanish appears</b>
Another English comment passing through

What do they say ??
Who was the buyer?

Ah nuh cheeki brake iv damke
Burn baby burn <b>dances</b>

Should have stopped the oil first. So they would have there main money maker stopped. Russia is doin a hell of a job on that what o bama should have done in the beginning.

Update your optics. Damn, what kind of filming is like on a webcam with 0.3 MP
gsgeootesojgesi gesgoiioetjei gesgiod
This is one American who thanks Putin!Thanks bud:)

For all my English (fat Americans) I&#39;ll explain what just happened l. Russia just struck an Isis oil tanker (100% stolen) and it has destroyed a potential arms deals with the US so they can perform more radical things!!

Those scrubs got rekt

When drake drops his new mixtape

citizens, why are you so happy? some people kill others. look at the streets of your city and tell me, is there really nowhere else to spend money other than bombing people unknown to us on foreign soil? Of course, I have no right to condemn actions in Syria because... I don't have any information on this issue. but every morning I look out the window and see... something reminiscent of "Fallout" in reality.
The bearded baby rushed out of the mobile kindergartens as quickly as possible.
can anybody translate the title?

That’s why the bread comes from Aleb))) Syria is our promised land)))
Shoutout to Russia for having the balls to fight the Isis scum

I&#39;m just a lonely English comment passing through

I can&#39;t read Russian :(

Now all that remains is to prove: 1) That these are fuel trucks, and not some other cargo; 2) That the fuel trucks belong to ISIL, and not to anyone else.
beauty)
What understand from this language: hłwéçßvfã

Can anyone translate the title either to English or Spanish I don&#39;t understand.

English please...

The Turks are coveting stolen goods for free!
Fuck, this is zoom, fucking zoom;)))
Good job Russia

Russia actually doing shit! let&#39;s go! bombing ISIS oil instead of buying it.

with the same success the video could have been called: Dispersal of the gay parade in Syria, still, little is visible in the footage
I hear someone shouting to the heroes of bacon!
Burn burn... Oil industry ISIS
What a bummer..... This is crap about targeted strikes and oil....
Can anyone please translate the title into English?

Don&#39;t mind me just an English comment passing through

Air conditioner self-explosion
they said fucked up? yes fucked up
I can&#39;t believe I just now thought of googling what a russian keyboard looks like.

from
AzzxxzxXzxzxzxzxzxZ
I don&#39;t know what any of the comments say

I love you Russia, even with all the anger our politicians have towards each other, most Americans like you guys.

Where is Captain Price?
from
In fact, columns of fuel tankers are on fire! Heh... I believe it. Regular units of the Russian Federation in Donbass. "I don't believe it!" (With).
Skewers - Lulya Kebab
Well, this is again a humanitarian convoy with lighters and matches for the poor and hungry, bombed
system "Plato" In action. The big trucks have not installed and are not paying fines. That's what they got for this
What is this?

I ended up on the wrong side of YouTube again...

New Year's fireworks for ISIS!
it is a video of bombing isis tanker trucks if you are not russian

Good, they should be running, Russia&#39;s gonna screw em over

Who&#39;s attacking who? Idk if I can like the video or not lol

should&#39;ve kept slaughtering all of them

This would be great if I knew for certain that the targets hit was actually ISIS....

fuck isis shirt <a href="">

Watch a beautiful video in 4k resolution on my channel :) you won’t regret it! :)
Normal English comment passing through.

WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
von she, GTA-Life
I got no idea what it say

just an English comment passing through

Great job Russia.

Gg Russia

CYKA BLYAT. WALLHACKER

Are these Russian or ISIS comments?

Can we confirm this is ISIS, guys come on..

Are these people in the comments ISIS? 

where can I download such a sight?
I&#39;m American and I&#39;m cheering for you Russians! Hope Putin nukes the SHIT out of them.

Dam.......

STILL SORRY FOR PEOPLE
right in the center
afted bombing the result always like: isis soldier killed - 1....innocent civilians killed or children killed - 10!!!russia will pay for it one day..soon.

What is the yellow arrow? who knows?
for some tea! for Artyomka and others like him!
They burn beautifully.....
good riddens

People run around like ants
Excuse me English comment passing through

Damn he&#39;s so close to his nuke.....just a few more kills

the fuck are y&#39;all saying lol

does anyone know how to browse from old to newest in youtube?

Beautiful.

run fast
Yessss!!!!!, f*ck them up!!!!!!!

Anyone who speaks a normal language able to translate?

MERICA, oh wait it&#39;s russian........

Hello my English speaking friends!!!
The milk was bombed again. (got into milk)
Squash these nits.
Just an English comment passing through

The fart's farts are blazing from this video)
hopefully that&#39;s isis

Let's go to the bar, probably dried out.
Impact coordinates: 36.042380, 36.842522
good job! love you USA! :) we with you, we from russia

And in the USA and Europe the news will say that children were walking with hydrogen balloons and they were bombed by the Russians.
Just an English comment passing by.

I went to the comments thinking I could read them. I was wrong.

AllaYAVBar, look, they were yelling again... 
There's so much smoke, it's terrible! Erdogashki's fart is smoking...)))
I have the same sight in CS
Every ISIS member should feel that it is better not to drive a fuel tanker.
The fuck

Bearded like ants... Do they drink oil or something?
Some antipersonnel wouldn&#39;t be remiss.

FOR ELENA HOME!
Hellooooo

chic
ALLAH AKBAR

burn in hell!
Are the oil prices going up?
From America with love. Thank you Russia
hahaha the cockroaches were running around
serious harm to the environment by the way
Blow up all those fuckers!

fucking Isis ya are shitheasdz

already jerked off!!! thank you Putin...
I can imagine what kind of scream there is like ALLO ALLO ALLA ALLA)))))))))))))))))
ahahaha, like fleas... that's how you start washing your dog, fleas rush around like that...
We need cassette weapons, the infantry is scattering! And so - everyone is at a loss - the new ones will already get behind the wheel. PS: Will there be a gift for Erdogan for the New Year?
In general, it is clearly visible that auto centers are on fire.
Han Solo dies by his son kylo ren :(
THE WHOLE PLANET IS FUCKED...
love it. good job Russia

Obama schmuck!
People are lying to you - in fact, this is the destruction of a rally of truck drivers near Saratov - I saw it with my own eyes, I wanted to film it on my phone, but the battery ran out, for the sake of Plato and Rotenberg Putyara is capable of anything
Am I the only one who wanted to take some slippers or dichlorvos? ))))
Christmas gift for Erdogan
clearly
Bra gjort! Well done, very good strikes. Merry Christmas to everyone!
Congrats Putin doing a great service for the World.

Japanese policeman
For the Motherland! For Stalin! Victory will be ours!
Does anyone speak english what is going on here

Just an English comment passing through.

Couldn't it be possible to buy a normal drone and film with it? <a href="">#facepalm</a>Dislike for the quality. Well done guys, that’s how it should be!
In the heat
Fuck Turkey. A country with hands full of blood.

Since no one pays attention to me... I'm going to leave a random comment in Spanish
Serves them right, destroy this fucking ISIS completely already
Russia raises the price of oil.
Wow! How merrily it burns. Erdogan, happy new year!
Hi

Well done guys, keep burning!
To the hell of bastards!
11 kill streak! AC-130 inbound!

Hi

English please

Horror! Apparently there were pregnant gay men driving! They were going to the gay pride parade!
why is everyone here typing in alien? fuck off back to your galaxy, you mongrels.

I have no idea what this is, but I saw explosions so I clicked on it.

there goes all my fuel units.

ENEMY AC-130 ABOVE!!!!

The Turkish petrol burnt out)))
the holiday comes to us, the holiday comes to us, always with Coca-Cola!!!
Dont know why america and russia dont like each other but yall some motherfucking badasses

Don&#39;t mind me coming through with my English comment. I&#39;m sure us Americans and Russians will get along fine

In color... Soon you will have to buy 3D glasses to watch it.
What the hell?

This is footage from which game. Not armata by chance. I heard that the new armata can conduct satellite targeted fire. This is true?
And what kind of fools put dislikes? Who wouldn't like that? You should at least unsubscribe to my comment to understand what kind of problem you have in your head.
Babaaahhh...
The whole truth!!!
This could be cool if I wasn&#39;t the only one speaking English..

Beautiful
english comment passing through

Did our pilots burn down Turkish milk tankers?
just an English comment passing by

someone tell me what just happened

Why the f*ck an I here and how?

how much equipment is recycled
What

Explain why Putin is bombing Syria because we don’t even have a land border with it? Is he thinking that oil will become cheaper? But then we need to bomb Iran, the Arabs and America...
What is this?

I do not speak English? jk
cockroaches
woot woot! go Russia!

Can someone translate for me what that was?

Just an English comment passing through

what a beautiful flame of Turkish money :)

Cyka Blyat?
nice letters Russia
All the scum from ISIS have such scary faces
The pilot himself didn’t expect it to bomb like that, so he had to reduce the zoom.
I have bigger bombs than that lol

<a href="">0:17</a> Looks like ants who are running away from their burnt up nest

Say what now?

Scary

english comment passing thru

When u give Akbar the aux cord

For those who don&#39;t understand the title it says, &quot;Bird&#39;s eye view of crazy isis members playing my mixtape&quot;

dang...

Burned obliquely))
Hahahahahahahaha.

What did I just watch?

What is this?

Putin deserves a high five :)

<a href="">#KeepOnFiring</a>

When you can&#39;t understand any of the title, but the video is awesome

Any English people here? I feel lonely :(

Obama's ass is breaking, his freshly stolen oil is being burned)))
Taste the strength of the heroic Basurmana Khuev
Burn you filthy bastards!  :-)Go Russia!!!!!
Daesh steals...
fun run
We drove with violations: there was no fire extinguisher or first aid kit)
Allah bang!
This video is Oscar-worthy.
Aw, it burns beautifully!!! A couple more to the left of the road.
Directhit

Are these the bearded children we killed?)
Beauty, damn blunder!
It’s similar to how I once burned domestic red ants with an autogen lighter, they also ran away, but severe punishment overtook them
They didn’t pay for PLATO, but they went.
Bravo to Putin, long live Russia
You love to cut off heads, love to burn in hell, bitch!
Poor Erdogan :))) Long live to President V.V. Putin ! Long Live to the RED ARMY!

In short, the necessary new tactics are two planes at a time to one target, first scare them away and then finish off the running fleas with an interval of half a minute
Fuck it!!! they inserted it beautifully!!!
You need a logo on your video urgently! So that strangers do not pass them off as their own.
it won't be enough
It burns beautifully!
normal it could be more
again in kindergarten...
You can immediately see that the milk is burning
Cockroach
Comrades Barmalei, if you don’t have fire engines on site, then there is a proven method of extinguishing “in the pioneer way,” if you don’t know what it is, ask our Ukrainian brothers, we lived together in the USSR, I’m sure they remember.
Moderate busurmans moderately grabbed pussies
burns well!!
Erdogan's milk tankers will not come!
Moderately so
Pyrdogan angry!!!!
Fuck off to hell!
Very moderate)
We need to be even more passionate
handsome guys
first it will hit the fuel tankers, and after 3-4 minutes, when everyone comes running to put out the fire and just stare, with cluster munitions... it will be beautiful)
I like the way these rats run away the most. It was necessary to set fire to them as well.
The cockroaches ran. Why not go to heaven with the Gurias?
"The holiday is coming to you...."
Well, finally the Ministry of Defense was honored to post the video. Was the person responsible for the videos on vacation?
It was a local large market for petroleum products. Because of Erdogan, they came under attack.
They run like cockroaches from Fedora
Again the Herods are burning milk tankers!!!
Everything acquired through back-breaking labor... everything, damn it, burned to hell...
like cockroaches 
Now in color! On all internet sites in the country! Super! at the end of the day it will be gone!!!! It’s immediately obvious that the humanitarian aid has been covered =).
Judging by the flames, they were again transporting humanitarian iron and cement.
Those who ate poorly will not receive gifts. Do not throw away all the cut down trees (fir) after the New Year, but make gallows from them for the barmalei.
They scatter like fleas on dog eggs.
Like the ants fled.
like ants, bitch
Well, finally new videos of bombings :)) I already have withdrawal symptoms when they are gone :) Thank you very much to our guys for their heroic work!
Look at the ISIS chicken ants run. Thank you Russia!

The weapon is truly high-precision! As stated, the attack hit a convoy of fuel tankers, not a single ISIS terrorist was injured, all the assholes fled)
Wow, how did pregnant bearded children learn to saiga. Like ants running away from an anthill. The stew with blankets blazed merrily.
Oil was just flowing through Turkey, and the customer in Washington was groaning. Shale oil on paper = stolen from the Middle East in real life.
beautiful!!!!!!!!
100% there were women and children :-):-):-):-):-)
I hope the drivers did not have time to escape! It's a shame there's no zoom movie!
no shit!
gogo putin , kill Daesh !

How the cockroaches ran when the lights were turned on)
You're burning, diamond...(c)
This is what kind of wonderful.
Finally, we're tired of waiting. Squash this evil spirits
burn, burn clear...
For as the scripture says...
They burn so deliciously)))
This is not for you to bomb an oil storage facility.. if you know what I mean =)))
Here is the reason for the abnormally warm winter
and then people started pouring in.
Milk escaped. Season 2.
Class!!!
it burns there and my soul is warm
And how many people... Are these all terrorists?
Now at least there is something instead of pornhub
Oh, how they ran around, as if they had stirred up an anthill!
Are truck drivers also in ISIS?
You allow mining from the air of the Syrian-Turkish border!!!
somewhere in Ankara, after watching this video, Erdogan Jr. starts snotting))
how much can you bomb? in 2 months the whole of Syria can be plowed up and down!
burn brothers!
"Milk tankers" are burning Erdogan!
You need to be more careful, someone could get hurt there too.
Burn guys for the pilot for the paratrooper and of course for the most important passenger
let's extinguish the creatures)))
I thought they were filming with domestic equipment, but now everything is clear.
From above, people run like ants being fried with a magnifying glass
They ran around like a louse in a frying pan.
Oil jihad is over, another express train to the virgins has been sent :D
burns beautifully, nice to watch
Finally new episodes!
It seems Erdogan will not receive gifts for the New Year...
they are bearded children, what are they like and why, you monsters
They run like ants)
Oh, what was that booming there?
like
Gorgeous
In Lvov it would be so! !!!!!!
twist
Great!!!
