<a href="">1:08</a>-kuch smart lohgab yeh hui na baat...aise poocho...achievement khud ki hona chaahiye...gaand ragadke,paseena chootke,honestly aage badke

Ab Gauri khan ki designing sirf naam k liye sab lena chahegi...q? Srk ki wife hai naainke gaand mein bhi paisa jama hai socho sisters...Jaake khaarkaane se kareedenge na toh unn gareeb achhe lohgon ki business chalegi aur hume bhi satisfaction milega...insabke promotion nhi krna...v gotta focus on our lives than fanning behind FAKE or arrogant celebs who dun care abt public

<a href="">

GAURI TO GUD LOVE MA HA KISI SE .BBC NEWS SE

Akshay is a lucky person in this video others actors his wife is very beautiful and others stars sahid , shrukh khan wife are not very beauthiful

Dark secrets<a href="">

Actually I was also a fan of bollywood and star kids as well but then I realised that it&#39;s nothing to do with my career they don&#39;t even think about us about their fans or at least about our country they don&#39;t care, if a fan is following them blindly they don&#39;t reject any offer  of advertisement by thinking of their blind followers who don&#39;t think before using the product they just that this product was used by Sara Khan or ranbir Kapoor who says mere gar bijli pani aata h why would I say something about this country?? really?? The money he is getting only because of his fans and because of blind fans and he does not want to say even a single word for them??? should we call him a hero??? Then I realised the soldiers aee our real hero they don&#39;t get enough name, fame,money they should get all this, now someone can ask why?? They both are different sectors. Yeah I know but they protect our life. Life is more important than ranbir Kapoor movies.plz just think like this. don&#39;t waste your time and energy and money for these kinds of people and that doesn&#39;t mean u will not be able to watch that movie,that movie we can watch on YouTube as well.

Arjun Kapoor is a failed actor and malaika Is an adulterer

Bollywoodgossip

Gauri 
They are just fake fools professionals

Bus  Yeh lok
Malaika should be happy...she is  famous  bcoz of her affairs than her work....

Long live the unity of farmers and workers
These people shouldn&#39;t be role models for youth

barhia
Sabke sab tharki hay.....

Even cat look better than twinkle.

Gauri's scale is not worthy of SRK
Bollywood ek high profile kotha

&quot;Star&quot; why we call them star

FULLY TIME MONEY MAKING WIVES PART TIME RANDS IN NIGHT

MADHURI BUDDI is BUDDi h

MADHURI BUDDI FANS ARE idiots

This video is a copy of another channel, you don&#39;t do too much effort

They r shameless  ,third class ppl..Money does not buy class !

So stupid this copied video I&#39;m reporting

They are not stars

Don&#39;t ever make such silly videos.

I made like dislike equal.
Shit everything is happening
Gauri keeps touching her nose ..... thori kam coke kiya karo na

Absolutely wrong thing, keep quiet...be it local industry or film industry and no one has the right to fight on their reputation. See, the tongue speaks as much as the cloth and some are fond of talking too much, some are silent in nature, some are romantic, some are stupid and some are very polite, everyone has their own views on talking, now understand them. For this, there would be a need for a higher mind, now in such a situation, giving even a little bit of reaction with one's own consent and then pointing a finger at someone's crevice is a sin and such a blatant act is true in my mind. No one can tolerate that he would want to be violated. The scale in his hand is set against the will of justice not because he does not belong to the society but because no way, no money, no wealth will come in the way of justice. Well, first of all think about it and then decide that after all India's low and security all over would create a special place in it because of this, UK, US, UAE all over would see students come here to get degree in huge quantity. He can pursue his higher craft to find his future and also get success in every profession. The tricolor flag is the best of all. The best......
