This is so crazy!
Where Khuil's bombs fell, there is ISIS. Open your literacy maps and see where ISIS is.
Please, I beg you, bomb during the day - you can’t see anything at night!
Russia does not sell as many weapons as the US would if this war ended early.
The missiles are fake, the bombs are not accurate, and who said that there were warehouses? Believe the Russian propaganda, deceive yourself. Bomb whoever you want, but I won’t read the Russian media, and then they will write who was bombed.
All these years, America has been pretending that it is fighting international terrorism. How else can one explain why in all these years ISIS was not only not stopped, but also made ISIS become bigger? How else can one explain why the United States refused to cooperate with Russia and refused to give intelligence about where the positions are? ISIS? Why are you afraid? So they benefit from the fact that there is ISIS, which means they are the main sponsor and owner of ISIS?
Thank you Russia !  Please completely destroy the ISIS terrorists once and for all !

Well done Russia
Rumor has it that ISIS has not been in Homs for a year now. It’s not important for me, but the Americans are whining.
Fuck Zar Putin !!!

Allah Akbar!! Truly Akbar!!
Tell me, do you clap your hands for joy at military parades when trained killers with machine guns at the ready pass by in organized rows? People will object to me; Well, how?!.. they protect us! And so it is in every country. People become maniacs in the same way that soldiers are given a machine gun and taught to kill, but being a military man today is considered honorable in society. We live in a very sick society. Do you understand me???
The Nazis were the same patriots as the Russians, propaganda instills lies in them to create hostility towards Americans or Ukrainians or Georgians or Finns or Muslims before the war. The same technique was used in Japan to create hatred towards Americans. War is the biggest mistake of all of us, of all peoples without exception.
Thank you mr putyin..

From Russia with love so far isil al nusra al qaida wait till from Russia with anger comes your way then the Real fun begins how fast can you run?

even tells me that most of the comments here are custom
Dislike for repeating old posts!
I can imagine how the unwashed people shout Alah Akbar))
Cruuuuut!
Why is there absolutely no living force in the thermal imager in all the videos, similar to Amer’s filming of attacks by drones, helicopters and airplanes...
I remember an ammunition depot for disposal was burning near Chapaevsk. Here, within a radius of 5 kilometers, it will be very “fun” for a couple of days, if everything did not explode immediately.
No single comment from ISIS members...??!!!

angry birds !!

again the terrorist state of the race is bombing according to the principle that everyone we kill is a terrorist...
I wonder what kind of drone it is? A five-kilogram plastic airplane, I guess.
as Piglet said, “What was that booming there?”&#39;
and again without ODAB-9000 (AVBPM) :(((
The yellow pointer points to north, I guess?

The pioneers are being annoying in the comments. It's time to start using YouTube like alcohol, after eighteen. And better after twenty-one.
God, Lavrov is fed
I wish I could hear the sound of everything being bombed there.
You can’t see anything in the video, you can sign that this is an end to the Doctors Without Borders hospital. I'm not trolling, I just don't understand the value of this information for a wide range of viewers. For specialists who can determine the type and weight of warheads by eye in this slideshow, perhaps everything is clear, but for example, I’m wondering how to understand that this is a terrorist warehouse that is on fire and not a target at the training ground in Akhtubinsk?
We haven’t yet seen how this video blew up in Ivano-Frankivsk :D
beat the hired American villains to the last bullet so that the ground would burn under their feet
if only there was more sound
Houston, we have a problem...

let the slingshots whittle away.
Moderate opposition? With ammunition depots?
UUUU as they shied through the junk, my monitor almost fell.
So many episodes and each one has such large-scale changes in the landscape)
At this rate of destruction of warehouses, ISIS fighters will soon have to learn how to shoot with slingshots.
I will buy a personalized concrete bomb. Leave a message! And see how the message gets across! What for what?
Thank you based Russia.

Dear MO, please combine the crosshairs, otherwise gamer experts are complaining
The Gurias are tired of accepting new settlers.
Straight from the series Santa Barbara or Babai Cry Too
How often do new episodes come out =)
After the bombs fell, was it the women's farts that detonated? Inshallah yup :-)
super well done
40 busty ones are waiting
poor quality video)))
2 servings per day. Yes, you are spoiling us)
Leave them at least a couple of grenades so they can blow themselves up out of grief!
How I was waiting for new episodes
Bada-boom! Halva in the barn! )))
I think it’s a mistake or not?
wow, oh you... not everyone there is a cosmonaut :)))
