Ai sawed in mumbai 2017 when i. Was 5. Yeare

This image was investigated and found that the ufo showed in the picture is actually the spaceship from the movie INDEPENDENCE DAY. This is the same spaceship which you can see in the movie. They took the spaceship photo from the movie and edited it in the sky.

Last night also in Meerut 6-7 light circles were seen floating or they would disappear with great speed.
Jab sach hai to betichod Video kaha pe hai

Will come to visit Gorakhpur temple
Alien is very hot and helpful
Sub scientist is here, there is no UFO.
Hrithik Roshan ko sb rahe hai
Hi

Keep the name of Gorakhpur as Gandupur.
When i lived in ambala, i witnessed 5 spherical structures descending from sky and they were consecutively about 100 metres apart from each other. They were definitely not drones, and looked like hot air balloons, and also moved slowly, but afterwards they ascended again to the sky but this time with an increased speed. I HAVE THE VIDEO..

Hey ,I am from ballia, uttar pradesh - in ( april-May 2020 ): i saw 2 dark triangular shaped object in the sky at about <a href="">2:30</a> to 3:30 AM and it suddenly got disappeared.

The media only gives news by seeing pigeons in the sky, no news comes on any old news channel, it is totally fake, and then they misguide people and waste their time.
it was real news  . everone was shocked and police was witness . it was not winter time

You people think that this is the planet where our Earth is, we are humans who even today want to create such technology which we can get by traveling in space but we are the ones who are flying with the speed of light and if we find the earth then we will rule because we are humans. There will be more intelligence today because the incidence of alien life is very high as can be seen in your alien files which is 100% true incidence.
I live there where the UFO sight had taken place and I am the live witness even I do have every seconds pic of UFO sight taken place in sangam choraha padri bazar gorakhpur these professor hide these things because they are under government agencies. And if they go against government these motherfucker government Will take there job of.Government just want to hide, ho they gave fake evidences I am a forensic investigator and these photographs are really truth.

Aloo im‍️JESUS1366 im in Morocco, Soon you will be bombed again for assaulting my body, you groups of remote physical nervous control 
This is real I been there ..I studied my intermidate that time...

Hahaha

This photo is literally photoshopped sooo bad fkn

It is absolutely true, fortunately I was in the market, the market had moved a little further, my friends called me and said that brother, there is something flying in the air behind me, whatever people are saying, be it geographical or whosoever, everything is fine. Everyone lied because brother, we know very well about UFOs and any other type of conversations. I am a teacher by profession and with great responsibility I am telling you that yes, this is a true incident and it was a very big UFO. I remember that he was spinning very lightly on his head, then slowly and slowly, he started going upwards, that tractor incident, the tractor driver got scared, everyone got scared after seeing it, they all went to their homes. They were running outside and saying that there had never been any incident of UFO so close before today, the rest was up to you guys, that was Hundred Percent, I will tell you today, I will tell you even after 10 years what it was.
Bhai esko pakar Lena thaa na

Ha ye paper me bhi nikla tha , log dar gye the bhut hi jada Dre the, ye 2015 ki khabar hai.....

Alien UFO moon
Dhurgesh where are you?
I have seen this UFO with my own eyes
I took a photo and made a video that was really funny.
It seems as if they have met someone and then we start making friends.
Yogi has come out of that UFO
Good editing

I am the live witness of this scene. I was in college and scared after seeing this. This is a real scenario and happened in 2015. It was not a normal day &amp; unwanted things happening since morning. This is a real photo (not photoshopped). GKP&#39;s airforce n DDU University Professors also know this news very well. If you have any doubt you can go for local news GKP.

Bahaut tez ban rahe hi

Many people have commented that it was a real incident, but the government is saying that it was fake.
Fake too
Legends see in 2021 

My Big Brother Saw that Live..!

This is the scene of Sangam Chauraha Padari bajar Fatima road. My home is here, this is the right place.
That&#39;s photo editing for being viral nothing else . I believe in aliens but what if aliens are not that hi-tech we think , or they might be poor , like primitive people . ALIENS ARE REAL BECAUSE THIS IS SPACE . WE ARE ON A PLANET . THEY ALSO CAN BE BUT THIS IS EDITING

I live in gorakhpur
I have smelled the feet of the young bird are sweet.
An alien killed my picture with a UFO.
Brother, I am also from GKP, I am not able to see anything.
This incident is absolutely true, I am from Padri Bazaar at Sangam intersection, this is the thing in front of me.
Real h bhai log m khud tha wha pr

Brother, this is true, I also saw it with my own eyes, I am from Gorakhpur.
Ye jhoot hai ye edited hai;This is fake this is edited.

This is from my house. And when people saw the UFO, they drove a tractor and loaded it into the pole, which created a lot of panic.. This is a completely true incident.. But the weather scientists and the government did not want to create panic by reporting this. ..
<b>Let me tell those who are saying that it is fake, I live in Padri Bazaar of Gorakhpur and this incident is 100% true.</b>
Date and time  and year pless

This is real

It is lie I also live in gorakhpur

We are going to report ur channel for misleading nonsence news

If it is fake then don&#39;t upload this video. If anyone record real one in future then we get indulge on the video authencity  and then Alien will come and snap and then 50%population vanished.

My name is Rinku Maddheshiya, I tell the whole of India that all the people are the sons of whores, those who want to fight with me, they can fuck me till PM Modi, my challenge is those who have drunk their mother's breasts, fuck me, fuck me for 15 houses in India. By fucking, India is dead, Pakistan is alive, 42 people have died, it is good that my enemy is the whole of India and for the war............
Frod hai

Main pk hoo

Jo bola h aisa v pagal h

Call 911

Very  nice

Previously on &quot;how to fool people&quot;.......

That's right, it's from 2015
Bhak jhato

Really u have seen it

Is it real??????

Yes ye sai h.ek bat aur pk film iske bad ayi h to pk se na jode

Fake

This is true, I also live in Gorakhpur.
Fake Hai

Fake my house is near that bazaar I don&#39;t see it

Fake

Owl's family is not Gorakhpur but Kasganj.
I was also there

Gorakpur's Gorakh business
chutiya banana business
same happen here in Meghalaya it was in Aprilfools

fake news h bhai hm gorakhpur ke h

Alien alert
ek dam fek salo

fake

Camera 360 Edit
why people are lying like this about UFO?

i wonder why these guys make such cheap videos claiming UFO and Aliens Guys one advice to you . continue making such cheap and fake videos and you will surely loose all credibility

Only when aliens attack us will we know whether they are aliens or not but by then it will be too late.
Brother we too have a chance
This is no less a business. Jaa k ass bangao...
Bakwas

That is photoshop and apparently not a good one

IM YOUR HOST

star trek is officialy real

check the ISRO

nee arikil nilkumneram pranayamkonden karal pidayum..ethalorathilavel thubil shalabham pol gyan maridum...nee thottonarthumbol nashatramavum gyan...nee chernu nilkumbol ellam marakum gyan..padasraghalaninja kinavilorayiramayira mormakalavuka nee...
That is a big UFO

Whattttt us upppp dramaalert nation

m

fake

))Are you fucking?)))
yes it is real

acha h pr its real.... ???

nice try.unfortunately posts like this make it more difficult for general discussion about genuine posts/incidents.

Are you chu**ya? Hve you even heard about photoshop. The most stupid media of all.

Saandar
watched it for chits n giggles

Yep its fake that same images are in <a href="">

Brother, it seems he has come to take away Aamir Khan (PK).... It seems he has got the remote....
i don&#39;t understand a single word but  gj for photoshop !  IT&#39;S CRYSTAL CLEAR !!!!
