You needed so much help just to make a simple salad, I started making dishes without help from the very age of 18  nowadays it&#39;s okay to not know cooking but knowing make up is important, we are a clownish generation.

She is easy likeable, also, love her skin

Who’s here in 2024?

Jab cooking pehle ki h cllg mn nautanki kis baat ki h jaise kitchen hi frst time dekha h life mn…… so hypocrite these people are…..

I lost 2 marks because I just mixed it, LoL
Varunalialove you my Varia
Love youmy cutiealooo
12th pass beetroot salad

Back to you take

Back to you take it

Alia is amazing

Hi

I try it today

I tried it!! Its amazing
2nd Alia Bhatt
Please can we see all other salads also 

This is salad, this is going to dessert
[  [   ]  [

One room kitchen 
Kuch Dhokla milga 
Mam I really really like your beetroot salad it&#39;s amazing

You&#39;re attitude is like a small girl..

I made beetroot salad today and my son and me we enjoyed eating it.It was yummy

Alia Bhatt skin ️
Very nice and cute video 
Pls we want more vedios of cooking

You also try Bengali desserts recipe 
Loev you Alia 
I made her beetroot raita recipe...it tastes yummy! But I did not add chat masala and hing.but was still quite tasty. Before grating the beetroot to add it in the curd, I boiled the beetroot a little and peeled it.

“Suddenly I like sweet” this was when the Mr. Red flag entered her life I guess! As an Energy reader, I can almost sense this!! 

bichara Dilip 10 out of 10 diya ... salary time pe chahiye isliye 

Bhhhhhhhhhhht mushkil dish B'nai vse Aliya NY ....bht mushkl bhttt
Dede

Start making vlog
Alia Bhatt ️️️
Wow 

I tried it and it&#39;s so yummy 

Pasand to kadahi paneer hoga lekin bnaye kon

You should make more cooking videos.. ur beetroot salad is a hit

Both beetroot n chia pudding...i&#39;m just hooked to it...thank you 

I tried it , i eat it ...and I swear i hate beetroot now just can&#39;t even think about making  it again and will never going to eat this in my life now Thanku for sharing such receipe.

God i love u
Thank you Alia..for this Beetroot salad recipe..something healthy and new for me which I&#39;ll surely try..lots of love

Pagal

Is this salad?This is raita.

Is  she Harry Potter fan.

I just came here to ask … from where did you get that fridge recipe magnets …

Pls make more videos  like this

U did not like spice food ?

Why don't you get money from movies, what will you do next on YouTube?
Nice

Lol

Thanks would  you

Cook show lol

That&#39;s  like  really  cool 

This recipe so yumm i tried it

More and continuous intake sugarfree cause cancer.

need more of these cooking videos!

I tried the beetroot salad and it turns out soo yummyyyy

Hands up Alia Bhatt fans

Unsubscribe

Beetroot is full of iron and curd is calcium which won’t let iron absorb and both should not be eaten together ! Important ingredients but super wrong mixture 

Zabardast I loved it

After watching I realized that Hania amir copied her

Why dont u bring Ranbir in another video we would love to see u guys together.

Alia, tell us what kind of food needs to be added so that we can also know.
Beetroot salad is amazing!!!!!!

See, I am Indian so I added some spice to the salad
Make more food recipes

Kitni gawar h ye

How is her skin glowing so much?

Beetroot Salad is a Salad with beetroot - Alia Bhatt. I have omelette with egg &amp; juice with water - Ananya Panday

Bollywood hailey B

Must try beetroot saladand tried and it was awesome 

wow
You don't know Hindi, what did you say?
<a href="">3:13</a>

Saltbae spotted

She is Cute  But ,How come she looks Taller now than She normally looks when standing with other celebs ~~

Beetroot salad I have been eating since my childhood and is very basic and everyday salad in Maharashtrian families!

ICAI all movie

I am your pic fan and I live in Jodhpur

If you are speaking English, you will be able to get more views in Hindi.
Your beetroot salad is a hit now much more than your movies, but i thank you heartily for this recipe, it tastes heavily!

please speak hindi also
Do you like cooking?
<a href="">7:57</a>  what was that?

Where to get the food lost fridge magnets as your fridge?

<a href="">03:06</a>

&#39;2023 Alia B&#39; is much more mature than  this &#39;3 years ago- Alia B&#39; !!(Hope so)

Thnx Alia thnx

make more like this salads which is healthy

How dumb . Too luxurious life without life skills.

She is copying selena gomez shows

I love you Alia ️
It was so tasty  I loved it

Yll ye English me ku bolte he inko Hindi bolne me shram ati he kya

Make her fun you&#39;ll never match her bank balance

That beetroot salad tastes like shit

Dii it is so yummy like dahi bada

We should not eat curd with salt as its bacteria becomes die witch is good for our health

Who cares about me and who should call it beetroot raita?
I tried it . beatroot salad and chicken curry is the best combination 

Phly mjhy laga ke indian actress achay nh hoty only pakistani actress r best but maine indian youtubers ke channels pr dekha alia but beetroot salad tu i search alia channel and she&#39;s my personally fvt ..Love from pakistan 🇵🇵🇰

do the whole thing in hindi
Not me bola Karo yrr
Alia mam big fans
You are the best 

Beatroot 
Alia bhatt realising how overpaid her chef is… You can make these dishes in 10-15 minutes girl…. You don’t need a chef…

8 :17

What is isoprure and stevea?

Maarungi nai fire kr dungi
Di I&#39;m your biggest fan i love u 
Your beetroot salad is yum  specially for those who do not like the beatroot baat know the health benefits 10/10

From Kerala Malappuram

Nice
When papa ki pari is in kitchen

Chia seeds already has loads of protein. Why do u add protein powder to the chia pudding?

Now I see that your brother is CHENNAL.
She is more talking like kareena kapoor

Hello Alia mam, you are also good at cooking 
U r osm 
hindi bol smjhi
Is the beetroot in this recipe boiled?

I am from Pakistan i really like ur beauty without makeup u r looking so cute without makeup

Right now having this salad  

G thake so bose thaka valo

I love you alia ️
I love your beetroot salad. Please give more recipes

Salad was yummiest 

Omg  I can&#39;t believe is this your without makeup face . You always look beautiful   and your such a kind person.

Idh nammade Pachadi alle :P
Please share the link for the meal planner n list  fridge magnet.

Thank you for sharing this recipe Alia, I am enjoying eating Beetroot now. Or else I never liked Beetroot.

Desperate attempt to copy Selena Gomez

The way alia behaved while adding kadi Pata is tht same way I behave .. also ur skin looks really nice clean n pretty pretty  .. n I tried this beetroot salad it&#39;s actually tasty .. loads of love to u aliaaaaaa

Nic

Salary of dilip and carla??

It was so delicious I just ate it ..... Previously I used to add apple and beetroot together but now your recipe just blow my mind ..... Thank you so much mam to share this awesome recipe with us ....

Hy mam...

Love 
All tipe of natak

I&#39;ve tried this salad &amp; it came out so delicious. Now this has become one of my favourites salad ️

Love u mam... Plz try to make the vlogs... We want to see more of you...

...hee hee u forgot ...I  think...

Alia: Beetroot salad is the salad with beetroot i think  even i dono anything abt cooking but itna nahi

Alia mam rainbird sir me aur isha se kisi se kar tha hu naam hai deepika se kar tha hu
Yeh sab chodo, aap pehle apna skin care routine ka video banao 

Your skin is so cute
Alia b is awesome 

<a href="">3:05</a> intelligence op!! :) 
Wow can&#39;t believe you are so humble and sweet mam Aliya and one more thing you are golden heart

Hii

Incredients in english
Good

how are you
Beetroot salad is a salad with beetroot &#39;I think&#39; she&#39;s still not sure about this 

Beetroot for anemia ️
Where to get these fridge magnets

Did my favorite salad is beetroot salad

Today I made her recipe, beetroot salad. It&#39;s super tasty,!!loved it. Thank you Alia for sharing, love you

Instead of it you can just add lemon juice, rock salt, black pepper and chat masala to the beetroot

Matka aapka phone Alia Bhatt ka Kapoor family

How can it be 1/4th teaspoon? That would be no existent

Wow it was amazing. ..like short and sweet ...nd also cute like alia

“Preparing the favourite food that I lack” okay  

Alia is just so humble normal and like cable dynamo I am learning about this young lady the more respect I have for her I really enjoyed watching this video.

Alia di you are my favourite actress. you are very beautiful ️ I love movie brahmastra. I love love love the movie. It&#39;s my favourite.  you are so cute.

easy n yummy but What&#39;s the Isopure? And if u don&#39;t hv it so what could be the replacement?

Mom, how is curd sour or sweet?
Who all areEating this salad and watching her video Me

It is like Selena&#39;s show..... no ingenuity

Cutnesssss overloaded.....no showoff...too kind and down to earth...love  u aliaaaaaaaaaa

Want those fridge magnets

I am very big fan of u madam

You are not Alia Bhatt, you are Galiya Bhatt.
Congratulation for one daughter and please adopt one orphan children you are beautiful please reply my comment

Nice video!

Yaar, this agar is cooking so we can include it in Maggie banana b cooking.
Gud diet lifestyle!
Nicee

Beetroot salad is a salad with beetroot

Tasty ... I am right now eating  beb , post more recipes

Go away, fuck your mother, this pig will get publicity by catching her.
Tried it today It was really amazing More tasty then I imagined 

I love you Alia I&#39;m always with you.

Love how she accepts that she does not know how to cook and keeps asking ab kya karu ab kya kru and not trying to brag ki ya I know everything and all

This is beetroot ka raita

What is ur phone no

This is the true meaning of life...... Make food in tympas... Not even food... Salad
I can’t believe I see hear with a YouTube channel and I’ve seen student of the year 1 best movie but I haven’t seen others soo

Bhot English bolti ho thoda kam bola karo sab ko pta hai ki aap ko English ati hai ok

Hi sister 
CBSE girls 
And now, she is a mother

Bhatt family&#39;s potato fry can use potatoes only not tomatoes

Love u Alia
kuda

Aliya Bhatt my favourite actress 
Hi

Can someone will please tell me that which white  hanging utensils holder on side of counter???? Please please  please

Cooking with Alia 

Innocence of dilip meltdown my heart

I made the beetroot salad. It was so tasty..thanks alia, for giving this idea of Healthy but also tasty breakfast

Thanks to Karan Johar..today Alia in a good position 

Brother, their salad is also of different types.
Dilip be like ‘8’ lol
I am your fan give number please

<a href="">07:39</a> 

Alia bhatt be like:ajj off hai meraa,you tube se paiseee kamyangee

I didn't give the name baba
She start suddenly like sweet&#39;s,,,,,,,me kahi  diabetes to nahi hai inhe?

Wow amazing Vedio

Super kitchen
I love uh aalia
Home tour please

Hi alia.recently i get to know that you r having a youtube channel

Aliya said while hiding, he also spoke Hindi in our evening.
Mko bhi khichdi bahot psnd hh

Just tried the beetroot salad..... LOVED it 
Bollywood will come on YouTube for showing her telent 

Beetroot pachadi is now more famous as &quot;Alia Bhatt&#39;s beetroot raita&quot; ️

<a href="">7:57</a> did you noticed her voice ???

Ranbir Kapoor will be found in good food
Alia bhatt is looking like lizard or kareena kapoor ko q copy krti hai ye it na uffff

Allah, my child has become so thin, Aliya, my parents said this (sukhi Aliya), skin is visible only on the body
We need more vlogs 

&quot;Food is a very important part of my life&quot;  - alia bhatt

Boycott kro iska
Hi

Plz share ur more recepies

Abe chutiye hindi speak le shame aata hi kya speaking me sukhi bone
He Deva he Kay Kay khata mala t samajt pn nahiy .
Lots of love Mam 

I.     Love.      You

Beetroot salad is delicious. Just now I tried. Thanks alia

Nice recipe 
Hi alia

How old will you be?
I love her

We want more of aalia&#39;s recipes 

 tasty
Wow wow 
So much oil in one bowl of salad 
Nice

There is no need to praise...cho...
&quot;Beetroot salad is a salad of beetroot &quot; it&#39;s like backbenchers answering in exams

Very nice recipie, thank you 

Nice

Alia Bhatt, you are so lucky, you are so happy with your husband, Mila and in-laws, Alia, your mom and dad are also very happy with you. Ali will take care of himself and will also take care of the little baby. And comment on what you want to say. Hain to my channel on YouTube.
Beetroot boiled h kya

Alia plz try our country side recipies without masala and only only with garlic ginger onion always and sometimes thill powder and all times salt and red and green chilly power and it&#39;s mixes

Very nice

Cute

Alia mam you are superb and amazing women 
I just loved it this vedio ️️️️️️️ of tutorial vedio ️️
Please tell me where to get those fridge magents solves meal plan problems

I tried it... heavenly delicious

In English there is nothing in the society but in Hindi I said madam
Alia Bhatt speak now kya kruu sounds like gangu baiii
To the viewers - chaahe kitne hi  celebrities ko dekhlo fancy dishes banate huye, in the end hume dudh toast ka hi &quot;breakfast&quot; karna hai 

Kerala beetroot pachadi become beetroot salad now

Its a beetroot poriyal in tamilnadu.. We weekly do in our house..

Pata he english aati he aapko .

Superb 
Hello you have aa Muslim

Wow Alia u r the first Bollywood actor who I see her house, kitchen and making some dish.

where can i find those fridge magnets?

Mashallah superb
Does these people reallycook  in real life or oly jst to make vedios

That&#39;s not beetroot salad, its beetroot pachadi..a very common south indian dish 

Glad ,she has YouTube channel

Post something new on ur utube

Post something new on ur YouTube

Kya rahisi h..faltu log aur unke false videos
Diet k strict hain par time aage peechhe hota hai
Alia try talbina

I love you

Jitny food ky name in ny fridge pr lagaye hain itny to main ny apni poori zindagi main nhi dekhy dekhana to door ki baat naam tk nhi suny 

No one understands that Alia has grown in importance by marrying Ranbir.
I&#39;m from Pakistan

Very nice 
Who cares?

Dilip And Carol 

She is so humble ..... 

I tried it. I am confused about one thing tho, why she had to act like it tastes good? 

Omg her skin 
Very entertaining video
This z cooking 

By eating this much diet you will lose weight, how much bigger you are looking?
Your fan i am
Bhagg
Alia di l am your very very very big fan  l live in Bihar gaya
Please tell other salad recipes

So cute

Cook with princess attitude

that aunty’s reaction is so flat

Tadaka lagna is not a cooking

<b>Alia Bhatt</b> : Hello and welcome back to Aliabee. You must be wondering why I am standing next to a fridge today. That's because I am gonna be cooking.<b>Sanjeev Kapoor</b> : Namaskar, mei Sanjeev Kapoor app welcomes everyone with food treasure. And I read that you must be wondering what Sanjeev Kapoor is doing at bollywood gate (which is called Daurasa in Hindi). Today I have come and I am acting like Avinay used to say in Hindi.
️ you so much gorgeous  beautiful  I wish.. I can see you truly......
Alia man I love you  and I am your big fan

Actual  word is zeera not jeera
Plzzz upload more videos on YouTube please 

Which stevia brand is this.

She doesn’t look like she eats anything at all 

Hi Alia aapke hair care tips batayiye



Gangubai cooks
Overacting with so much attitude not good

Me thinking inka to rai jeera bhi mehnga hota hoga! 

Baker 

Fantastic
Where to get these cute fridge magnet?

Alia looks alike little bitMadhuri DixitMalaika AroraKirti SureshAnushka Sharma
Nice

You and your kitchen both stink

Chia needs soaking or imagine those stomach cramps later..arghh

Such a dumb...

Very nice information

Thanks mam for this video

Super
Doesn&#39;t know what goes in tarka but like a teenage punk throws a fit that can&#39;t eat yogurt without tarka! Smh.

You are so sweet Alia. God bless u n your cooking team. Love frm Goa

It&#39;s called beetroot kicchidi in Kerala

Curd with salt is not healthy. It kills the healthy bacteria present in a curd.

Just speak in hindi. Sounds much better.

she talks like Safeena from Gully boy :&#39;)

As person she is so sweet

Nice 
original title - In my kitchen ft. cook and maids

English Kam Jhad Aaliya Hindi is what has taken you to this point
you are using too much cheek to chew like an infant kid

Xxx aliya

What friend? Galat baat h. Speak Hindi pls. What is this video for us? Pls aliya i like ur video
Alia is looking so beautiful. her face is clear and white !!!

I tried i i wanna give rating 5/10
I love it that it has subs cuz ´ I´m learning hindi to communicate with my husband´s family and I LOVE YOU, Alia! Hugs from Costa Rica! ️

Omg my family is such a big fan of your movies we love your acting we go to the movies every single saturday to watch your premier omg you started a youtube channel i follow it everything

Whatever  celebritys do is not perfect  amazing 

Over acting lady

Should do more of in my kitchen videos and of course Dilip &amp; Carol are stars too

Chahe Koi heroin cooking ana chaiye Meri mom PADI likhi thi m.a l.l.b liken chule pe khana bhi jaberjjast  banati thi

Cooking doesn't need to be learned to use a pot, you can do it with your mind.
&quot;Beetroot salad is a salad with beetroot&quot; - Alia Dumb Bhatt

Plz

I tried this Recipe this was so yummy and delicious 

I love the recipe of your beetroot salad!!!!

Please send me a translation into Arabic. Many Arabs love you
Honey making a salad is not cooking that too with 500 staff

Sorry But Your Beatroot Salad was Yukh!
Hi Mrs Alia.. excited to call you that.. whose ever idea it is but its brilliant way of organizing food receipies magnets on fridge..will implement it..!!!

Who is alia?? 

Beetroot salad was damn good!!!

She should continue this series it’s really good …

Great idea with the magnets. Mealplanrobo is an automated solution on the cloud for recipes list, meal planning, groceries list management and recipe search.

When low o. Energy you&#39;re high on Sugar

Nice

This work is also done!
the way she is honest and humble!!! All Hearts

Hi alia your videos are sooo amazing  I am biggest fan of you 

Tell me one thing, do you feel proud of speaking in Hindi? If someone is a star of Tollywood then he first makes us use his mother tongue, but looking at people like you, it seems that we are living in India and not in America.
Proverbs 3: 5MomentsOfOwner’sNervesEspecially (Discerning) Convenient or (Respectful) AppropriateFor A (Sacred) Particular Action or Event (Submitting) Manifesting (Self) Impulse (Control) SensationGalatians 5: 22 - 25SoulAnointingCommunionReminiscingEternalDestiny1 John 3: 6
Frooti ka bottle fridge mein

That&#39;s kichdi and not salad lmao. Us keralites have been eating this for decades 

If you are craving sugar then increase your protein and fat intake the craving dies.

I am your big fan mam
Alooo ️
Tf is a rajma salad??

I will definitely try this recipe ️
Hi didi, I want to by this type of fridge magnetPlease tell me the name 

mam please make cooking videos

She knows rawa ragi and bajra ki roti 

So basically it&#39;s a beetroot Koshimbir ... 

Your fans from Taiwan.

I don't know what is going on.
Oil may be too much
I am fan of you 
Your gangubai kathiyawadi is very best 
fool will always fool

One kitchen in Hindi by Rohit name plz plz plz request
I love your kitchen
Didi you stay here
wow
Mam, your so charming️
What a skin yr

Watched the video 2 years agoThen again come hereShe is simply amazing Her skin is glowing God bless three of u

Please do house tour

<a href="">9:48</a> she reminded me of karan Johar the way she says &quot;oh, okay&quot;

I like her simplicity.   She&#39;s Big star but not ego.She&#39;s friendly  with her staffs.

Most average looking heroine but still rocks taking away someone&#39;s bf and script too

Please show us some more recipes….

Good god, I&#39;m so sorry I get that she&#39;s an actress but why doesn&#39;t she know how to cook....

Does anyone know where the fridge magnets are from?

Nice

Bgm is irrirating. Everytime sound needs to be decreased during bgm and then it should be increased during speech.

Love you so much Alia️️️️️
Just love the way you are....  So much to learn from you  .... You are such a sweet individual 

Who is here after chahat anand

V Nc n healthy recipes l like u alia the way u showed

Alia di I love your acting . Also I am in the same school as you . When I was in 5th I had also taken cooking as .y hobby and I also love food . No I am in 10th learning how to cook and make stuff

You​ are​ so​ cute

Love you Zindegi Alia !
bdw..where do you get these name plates on the fridge?
What does rahi mean

She dint expected less marks 
She is. Very smart and she was making us foool by saying sheIs a duffer,thing is that she is the.  Most clever and smart person .who knows how to gain popularity by saying her as idiot.

She don’t know how to make tea then how the hell she is making these Food and she isaying that she took cooking class in school.thing is that she is making us fool saying that don’t how to make tea,she is gaining popularity by saying heR idiot.

Didi can you please reply me I ma your biggest fan ever

This is not cooking. you are just mixing

O my god
Waaa Ali batt

After listening the song &#39;IN MY BED&#39; nd suddenly see &#39;IN MY KITCHEN&#39; Thumbnail

Aliya i wanna ask u that your vodeo is seen by 1 cr but why so pess subscribers

Mam you are very cute

His Alia

Hi mem

Alia big fan
Dilip doesn&#39;t need Alia, alia needs maids to show off. How low can these celebrities go? If you like cooking you don&#39;t need to show off on YouTube. This will not help you in anyway as public is not fool. They know you and your background very well.

 These fires came while listening ......
Bur digi allia bahat

Alli bahat katrina kaif dipika padkun aiswary sonkasi in dikh muje sif lagta but fardo
Pathetic. Such a waste of time

Alia .. ur betroot salad is jst yummm .. tried it for the first time ... Mm loving it️️

Can someone help me Where did you get those fridge magnets to plan your meals.?

Such an amazing staff she has... Without them, she would have done nothing... Like our mom&#39;s take care of all our needs...God bless you mummy and these celebrity depends totally on these staff... Kya life hai inki.... 

There are so many house wives from all over India posting cooking videos on YouTube and gaining popularity... If you make such videos , then we will stop watching your  movies

You are married now. What did these two say?
Thank you  for teaching us

Hii

so annoying INDIAN accent baal amar jottoshob!!!
Why is SOUND so useful?
Mysterious aura around actors is dead bcuz of social media and YouTube.

Its not hing...its Heeng.

Such flawless skin
Alia your very nasty touching nose ears
I tried beetroot salad. It tastes amazingggg

Wow 
Please deedhi I want your number please

Drugiee

U r amazing
<a href="">3:05</a> Now you are talking about many things.
Oh God let the rich people go
Just imagine how irritating to look after someone whole day for the entire life

Bhot hi asan hota h apka khana.humara to bhot difficult hota h.

I too love moon dak ka halwa️
Her skin is glowing!!!! ️

cooking ka c bhi nhi tha just ready to eat items

1/4th tsp oil?! That was NOT 1/4 tsp!

Kch v ho pr alia k andr apne staff ko lekr bilkul v koi misshave nhi h I m happy to see this vedio bht km log hote h jo staff k sath friendly rehte h welll done alia

Eat also maybe?

Beetroot raita hai ye Aliya

she is like my momand then want to hear “mam”from herhypocrite

Don&#39;t worry I&#39;m also here after her marriage

i. love u Alia️
I loved the way how she treats are cooks

Hello mom
Please if there’s someone out there who knows about the fridge magnets she’s been using please do let me know guys . I’d be so thankful please guys

Pleaseee pleaseee pleaseee I request so badly Alia ji please let us know the name of the brands of food magnets please Iam requesting you so badly I needed them

Want your wedding vlog
Who r all seeing after her marriage 

Who is here after her marriage!? ‍️‍️
Maam i tried Beet root salad. Its so tasty and wonderful. I just mix, beetroot, curd, black pepper and salt. And it turned out wonderful. Tasty amazing. Thank u so much.

Alia mam please make cooking videos

Jai bhole

Who is here after her marriage ️

Delicious  Greetings from Scotland  Have a wonderful day everyone 

I Saw RRR...I became a big fan of u

The shape of a collar worth Rs 2 crore will be my tie worth Rs 1 crore, the knot of a tie worth Rs 50 lakh.
Food is important part of my life too, I can’t live without it

i just eat roti sbji chawal dal for bettr health..

Beautiful

Good understanding with staff... excellent

Who eats such food?
You are a good person and a actor   also I love  your  gangubai and dholila

Omg I cant believe she has a youtube channel I am so in love with 

Someone miss u  for whole life.

I actually tried that beatroot salad.... It was soo tasty 

Mam biggest fan is here

Pudding is still cooling

Such a big fan of you

Hamin sab mlm tadka main kiya hai  tu hi sehle 
Sorry to say but My kitchen is far far better than Alia.

It's good to eat Maggie.
I think you&#39;re a good person who is not only cooking herself but is also showcasing the team behind. I like you to post more such posts - as this connects well with your fans.

Ranbir is so lucky  first time cooking.... spoon  hai na ranbir  cooking  class i
Enjoy it Alia Maam..It's Wonderful 
She is so humbleModest

She made chookandar ka raita and romatisize it with beetroot salad

I am from karnataka love you alia bhatttttt

Hii aliya didi
How come you fucker have more status than us?
Gangubhai

Your behaviour with both of them is not good you act like you are the Superior From now you are not my favourite heroine

Hi

Alia ️In one of the videos of Rujuta Diwekar Alia said she doesn&#39;t eat protein powders and only eats local and natural. I am confused now and feel all the stars eat special foods that&#39;s why they look soooooo wow. Saare Raaz bata denge to amm janta bhi inke jaise dikhenge.

It's 3 o'clock, mam, I haven't eaten yet  let's see your vedio and eating lunch 
She is so kindly

Alia mam i am a biggest fan of you and i want to be like you

WOW BEETROOT SALADE WITH TARKA,WHATA COOK???

Just love her skin
rich people shit
Nice 
Alia.. Soo sweet

love you from Pakistan

Ranbir is ur boyfriend

Alia is just so humble, normal and likeable.  The more I am learning about this young lady, the more respect I have for her. I really enjoyed watching this video.

Oh we are green 
Alia sambaal ur ego
Agr Ameer ho k b ye khana hi to hm ghareeb h ache hi 

That&#39;s so nice ...i would like to try beetroot salad..love u ma&#39;am sandhyasp70 from Karnataka..I got scrolled your channel taday luckily.. I don&#39;t know u have a youtube channel.. subscribed

Love from bangladesh🇧🇩

When she said ta da I just remember about k dramas

I am your b big f fan aliya bhat

I tried beetroot salad it was so yummy 

U are beautiful 

Nice video stay connected

That&#39;s Beetroot packaging, a popular  kerala dish

Over

Mam I am the biggest fan of you 

Alia you are the best person of the world ️ as a actress,as a girl as a doughter, as a normal person and also as Radha (2012) very beautiful role like real aap asliyat me bhi waise hi rahna aap bahot achchhi Aur cute dikhti ho i like your life style ️

Mam i am your big  fan please can you make some movie in ravet  pune please

Don't talk nonsense, neither we are your inherited property nor you are my physical over, we will not tolerate it, we will physically torture you, tell us the reason, bring a notice, we will hand over your body.
Plz someone give the detail about those fridge magnets... We need them in our  lives 

U always looks cute Aliaa

Good recipe.

Very creative recipies... could you show more?

From your talk I feel that I am Deepika Ma'am.
It is beetroot raayta, not salad

Beetroot salad is a salad of beetroot 

Will Ranbir Kapoor ever debut?
Why do these people feel ashamed of speaking Hindi, my friend, I never understand.
What refrigerator Alia has in her kitchen

&quot;Great success of beetroot salad&quot; 
Hello aliya lam ur big fan
Bewkoof ladki. Some ppl think that if a girl can&#39;t cook it&#39;s ELITE. jbki aisa kch nhi h. Ladka ho ya ladki sabko cook krna aana chahiye... Arry bhaai survival k liye. Kl ko agar earthquake ho jaae ya God forbid kch bhi mishap aur aap akele reh jaao toh aapki Aapki cook carol nhi aaegi pakaane. N omg she can&#39;t even mix the pudding she&#39;s asking for it. Fakeness overloaded. Hadd h.

The most humble person in the world seriously her Alia usually wear your personality on your sleeve and im so happy that your cooks are like your friends they are very very sweet people. I&#39;m so glad you luv indian food I luv it too. aww don&#39;t  be sad I&#39;m like that with sweet stuff n chrisps too. just luv this video Alia lots of respect to you love you take care and God bless you 

Aby, this camera guy is just showing someone else what he is making, show him brother, this is a cooking video, isn't it a photoshoot?
It&#39;s great to see you not interested in so called Non veg things. Keep it up . Proud of your food habits. May God bless you 

Looks like a bollywood income tax raid...why does an actress need to do vlogs also...if I were in your place Alia, I wouldn&#39;t have given up college life so easily..

I try 1st time beetroot salad alia recipe it&#39;s so tasty 

We want at atleast 90% of those recipes Alia... Please..zzzzzzzz....

Can someone tell all the foods mentioned on the magnets

I can die for her
I wasnt a sweet person-Alia bhatt 2019

I am from Gujarat and Rajkot is looking very beautiful.
She is damn cool and without makeup she look very simple and  more beautiful. Her dressing sense is very cool  I wonder from where did she get that cartigan / shrug which brand? it&#39;s soo beautiful.

I&#39;m like Beetroot salad

Her skin is damn
Alia please do more kitchen videos 
Ohoo my god  you are going to cook food 

This isopure is vanilla flavour wala kya and will i get the right product on Amazon? I seriously want to try it.

For some reason I was not a Alia fan back then but now after watching her in RRR and the way she&#39;s carrying herself in RRR promotions and I saw her in Telugu BB for some film promotion I started liking her and I really started to admire her and the way she is talking Telugu found cute ️️️

Who is after watching gangu bai.... It was awesome bee..  from kerala

iLovEu

Doing nothing I just enjoying to see Alia&#39;s glory skin ..

Meanwhile Ranbir will be eating more khichadi.
Wow
Thank you alia this is too good tried just now

Soo cute

Nonsense, you feel hungry after eating such food, Mr. Jao.
I really don&#39;t like this dramebazi

beetroot salad is the salad with beetroot

I am big fan of you

Mam I tried beetroot salad  and it&#39;s yummy share all your recepies mam we can follow

I’m your biggest fan of your

Alia️
your one click can change my whole life ,,,,,,

Kya h yeah

bade logg bade batein
After 2 years!!!!!......

Hmmm.. has someone watched the movie parasite?

He made everything from some servants and started talking to the poor people of healthy living.
She looks exactly like her mother!

Those fridge magnets with fav food are good. Where can I get those magnets?

You are such an actor who doesn't have a good attitude. . . . . . . . .
Indian version of Selena + chef.. chewed up idea.. good execution though..

I can&#39;t stop watching 

Wow aliya is so cute.
Beetroot salad is made with beetroot.She is Anaya. I drink juice which has water

Nice recipes

To all those commenting how polite and cute she is!This ladys sisters are depressed about things happening in the family..Fathers a Jerk!!And she acts perfectly normal..Either shes making up her entire being or is extremely stupid..

Sooo gorgeous video
Piliz Hindi me baate karo didi
This beetroot salad is now my favourite too...

Oh my god 
Nice good cooking 🇮🇳
Showoff edit.. I feel. Like Givin one thigh slap on her face.  Whn.i see her

Okay But her skin ..
Alia  Mam  I love you I&#39;m your die ️ fan 
Aay larki tara movie vii bakar ha oor taara YouTube video bi faltu oor bakar ha
U r my. All&#39;time

Overacting batch
I love you ️️️️️️️️️
Make pithal bread
Do a video with Ranbir Kapoor

Informative. Useful. Calming. Inspiring. Life-changing. Enjoyable. Heart-warming. Other.

Alia Bhatt I am your big fan I love you Alia Bhatt
Very nice
Hii aliya I&#39;m big fan of u, since 2016 Will be forever.. please help me 2 lakhs i want to take &#39;&#39;HT&#39;&#39;  treatment..

Alia&#39;s skin is to die for.
Aap ka kitchen channel bahut inspiring h

Really want her to post again!!!

Overacting as always

Indonesia 🇮🇩
Koun hai jo inhe dhekta hai

AliaBe is really cringy

alia Mam you and neha kakkar is my singer

Dead oil
Shes such a sweetheart

We want khichdi

I am big fan of you

am a kid
Beautiful ️️️
She doesn&#39;t know what she likes 

You are soooooooooo cute Masha Allah ️
Mere subscribe bdh nhinrhe 100k hokr ruk gye h

you have achieved a lot
Her: We&#39;ll be making beetroot salad<b>Me getting all excited to learn some fancy shit</b>Her: Aur ab hum beetroot mein dahi daalke tadka daalenge.Me: I just found a new name for the stuff my mom&#39;s been serving me for the last ten yrs

Chord do ap se na ho paye ga
To eat this 

She&#39;s so controlling already

Love watching, you are so adorable with lots of energy ️

Dear u need Acharya prashant dose in life

Anushka sen cooks better then u️️
Moong daaal halwa is also my favourite.....

I like her I don&#39;t know why some people hate her soo much for me she seems good actually...

She is soooo horrible how a person dont know what he/she is eating since years

Every friend must be very beautiful love you ️️️️️️️️️️️️️
U r cute n loving.

I think it&#39;s look yummy yummy mko v khaana hai

Why you made your channel pleeeease answer must

Wow pink salad

Does anyone have any idea about those fridge magnets?

Beetroot became one of my fav too after  watching this. I literally crave for it. Try it you&#39;ll eat everyday

Why did I even watched this video 

Abey yes no mei bol le
She&#39;s so rude... I hate her after ss death

I love you️️️️️️
Alia mam im in trouble plzz help some one.

I am your big fan  i am a child mam
Abr sab natak hai inke thay are druuggies damn realize yaar

This is my first video it nice video

Bass alooo pak ya al OOO 
That is because you completely avoid sugar.. Replace with jaggery

Nice 
Queen ️
You are so beautiful and your cooking video is very good and superb

Alia, what do you put in tea?
Plz tell malayalam
It&#39;s literally the same with me ...I never enjoyed anything sweet but suddenly all of a sudden I started to love sweets.

Wow mouth watering dish this is 

Alia di you are my favorite actress
I think u are mad 

In this time my mother prepared 4 bars, 4 dishes, for 4 people.
She will scold her Head Chef for giving 8 marks after ending the video.

Op
Nice

Alia said beetroot salad is salad with beetroot I think

Big fan 
I want to with you

Fantastic sharing ️
1.6 million is as dumb as her 

Yummy salad

From where did you brought the magnet

Her skin and hair just jelous me little bit

Didi please speak in Hindi I have followed the app
Thank u mam for making this video ...share  more cooking videos

This recipe  literally tastes like  dahi vada

I always thought hw will I eat these vegetablesBeetroot or beetroot juice —in dahiBeetroot Leftover —for facialCarrot— carrot halwaCabbage —momos or in noodles or in sandwich

Ungaludday Kichenna Maa Co City Maa Plus Na Ungatta Pesanum Plus Maa Na Unakkakud Chaat La Irrukkanum Nu Asappadura
Plz 1 video for skin shine and glow plz

I hate beetroot, moong dwala halwa 
You are just a child and not a child.
If all the ingredients were laid out and kept for me like that that too with the exact proportion then my family would definitely not call me a cook ‍️

Please continue this show

Alia doesn&#39;t know who is the president of India 

I love you alia di
Big fan alia Bhatt

Neku pushu

Hello alia i love you my girlfriend
Really good Aliya batt

Alia di is my favourite
I first thought it&#39;s beef cause it&#39;s look like beef in thumbnail 

Today I get confiedent when saw this video  that anyone can become a youtube creator 

FAKE.......

I will try that beetroot salad....

Jai shree ram

Flawless skin

I am a 11 years old girlAlia mam what is your fitness planI am watch your fitness vlogBut this covid time did not gymPlease make your homeworkout video I am start my diet plan Please alia Mam..

I'm Indonesian... I'm not very good at English... I'm really pans, Alia... really...
Like aliaa... so muacchhh..

I&#39;m ur biggest fan

Hello alya bhatt
Looking gorgeous and glowy skin she has... Just wow... 

Alia beautiful

Mam looking so beautiful

I’m going to make Beetroot salad tomorrow- yummm 

What was that at <a href="">7:56</a> 

Alia please keep sharing such recipes. I&#39;m trying to lose weight  and watching you make  healthy food is somehow inspiring 

Waoo ...awesome cooking sooking

Anybody here after hated tarun?

Why are they calling her “maam”. People are saying she treats her staff like friends. Well I have never heard friends call each other maam.

Do editing by your self
Idk  why people hates on her when she is so kind....  

How much nagging she is doing 

Alia pls pin me
I really loved the beetroot salad. The taste is amazing. As I started to explore more on salad and soups for my diet, i found this one super healthy and delicious. Alia Please share other salad recipes in that list

Alia you r so sweet
Hai this is nice aliaIam malayali

So nice you should do more such videos pls . So cute and you have a lovely caretakers

Isn’t this called kichaddi bro?

These lines, this fate, these fate, all are mirrors of illusion, only with your hand in my hands, the meaning of a complete life is there.
Coming aftr watching shreya&#39;s cooking 

Who’s here after watching shreya’s buzzfeed video?

bohot paatli hogayi yr
you become very much mature I love the naughty, cuty alia

Any1 after buzzfeed video..
Here after buzzfeed india&#39;s video

Who&#39;s here after watching buzfeed

I don&#39;t like it

1 beetroot4tsp curdBlackpepperCorianderChat masalaaTadka:::Oil 1/4thRaiJeeraHingKadi pattaaMix well

Jara hindi bol le angrez pata nai apni mother tongue bol kya shram hame pata tu brithes citizens hai
Hi Aalu ......

Beetroot salad is salad with beetrootAnswer in exam when you don&#39;t have any idea 

wow alia di you are so amazing and so cute

What is chia pudding 

I just made the beetroot salad for my mum and myself and it turned out to be the best healthy thing I have ever had in my entire life even though I am just a 16 year old. It&#39;s tastes so good and of course it&#39;s healthy thanks for sharing

So much attitude ️
Other races
She is so cute why so much hate for her as being a star kid .....

Flawless skin

<a href="">1:12</a><a href="">1:20</a><a href="">1:42</a><a href="">2:10</a>

If you understand that if you have kept 60-70 dishes stuck on them, then we will give you food at the end of the house. At present, it is 2200 km.
So sweet and generous of Alia she made her cooks taste the dish first.

She is looking so fair

This nepo don&#39;t know how to put black pepper

I like you, you are Pakistani, but you are Indian, still I like you, why are you human? My God is Allah, but we are your God, there is a lot of difference between the two, there is a lot of difference in our style. he But still I like you why are you human you like to wear the smallest dresses he but still I like you why are you human
Nautanki like father like daughter .

I&#39;m big fan of you Alooo 
U r gonna be cooking!!!! U r going to be cooked food

Alia Bhatt's best habit
You said she is like you mother and friend, then why you allowing her to call you mam ??????  In front of camera you people are realy draamebaaz 

Her laugh <a href="">4:57</a> 

Mam pls make such cooking typ of videos..loved it mam

Fake People

Look offer those with simple choices sje will remain weird or els down naled tjen third chpic is controlling dogs small and big in case of cross limits exclusive back up of green zone dont worry bck up there no worry

This side teeth so tjats why i need ur cooperation with for small dogs inside family ur student should take control will be support

Choco version is forejead is fox shape negative point

Why dont use ur students for dog kids play or els down will be remove

upload more like these ep3?

She just trying tob friendly to staff for more subscribers... she is fake persn from head to toe

What have you cooked?? Nothing!! Just mixed the ingredients, you haven&#39;t even grated beetroot yourself and you call it cooking

the way she pretends to be friendly with her staff is amazing  carol and dilip are so nervous

Nice

Did she loss subscriber....i thought he achieved 5 million

Aren&#39;t you making enough money from doing films that has dragged you to open an youtube channel???Please atleast leave this place so that others can portray and represent their creativities by using this effective platform.Thank you

Can you share your hands and heel pedicure

Malayali undo
Pls make more of these interesting recipes.. carol and Dilip are really cute ..and the way you treat your people is amazing .. kudos to you! And the amazing team.. enjoying making the beetroot salad and having it .. it’s amazing to have these quick recipes when you live abroad as time is generally scarce when you are doing so many things .. thank you again 

We will give you 3000 dishes by arranging them smartly.
U r on youTube 

Meri Jaan I love you, you are my only love or you are not someone's power, my love.
Please do home tour

She is very hyper n short tempered so the staff are very scared of her.

I am your bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb friend  I am coming to mumbai

Some are here who are seeing her confidence  others are just doing compliments on her skin and skintone

I don&#39;t know why most of the comments are in skin or skincolour  it&#39;s  her skin she and they  are celebrities 

Teri maki

Iy so beautiful
Nice

 a
ready tha isliye cook kiya...khud se kuch nahi kiya ..what dambo

Superuv ️
Loved her simple, delicious recipes 

8.16 carol face

In Marathi or in South region we make beetroot salad but in Marathi called it koshimbir anyone relate

But she eats healthy with chat masala  it&#39;s healthy

Even I like beetroot salad its test amazing my mother taught me when I am in 8 th and now I am in 12 th

ow Chanel 
Alia didi I&#39;m your biggest fan you are my favourite actress

I like  you  alia didi
Ma&#39;am please send karo

Ma&#39;am please apka number ye number ko send kar sakta hai kya 8970881616 please ma&#39;am

Adipoly

Is it the real House of Alia Bhatt ️

Damn her skin 
Looking video
The written introduction for dilip and Carol is so funny 

Bhatt family secret. Ye I know   drugs
Nice

It has to be put in a bowl with a spoon - Alia Bhatt
Didii

Please make home toure and frige toure

Who is here after mridul Sharma&#39;s video 

She is soo friendly ️
Very domi ating nature

Very rude bature eith staff

I am your big fan  my favourite actor and dancer
Beetroot salad is luking like cassata ice cream

Hi

Heroin will be banned forever
Alia is my fave in bollywood Bollywood princess Alia bhatt

She is the most beautiful actress of the Bollywood, I don&#39;t like Bollywood but I like her! 

Looove loooveee
Need to know how to get these magnet strips, So catchy

Justice for ssr 
You will not understand that you will not work with an empty buffalo
At what topic you r vlogging...cz you ar asking everything from another person

Well who is she?

I don't miss a single movie of yours today because I have watched every single movie. I get relief from watching your movies. 
My dream is to meet you guys, why don't you ever get money ......
Waaaaaaaaaao alu mam i&quot;m your big fan varun&quot; sir nd you beautiful couple lgte ho

What does she eat in a sweet?Sweet dishes magnet are not visible clearly

Why to run behind talent?She is rich with absolutely 0% talent<b>Mera Bharat Mahan</b> 

I love how she first let their cook taste first then she triedVery cute Alia 

Assalamualaikum warahmatullah wabarkathu ji God bless you and your family and friends nice too meet you

So many dishes for 1 dish 
I don&#39;t know why she is getting so much hate for being born in mahesh bhatt family,she is sweet and talented people just need to chill down a bit...in my opinion,she seems humble to me..

So amazing of fridge.

Hello aliya sister, I am from Kashmir and your big fan, I got to know that you are cooking‍‍‍, I am so proud of you aliya, you are an actress, along with being an actress, you are also cooking‍ What are you doing and what are these friends your Dilip and Carol are amazing both of them are very capable hai great job love you aliya
Alia mam is sooo beautiful without makeup also

Comment read bhi krata ho ya phr awaeeee kuch bhi.. but nice keep it up
I loved beatroot salad.its my favorite cuisine these days

<a href="">08:04</a> EPIC 
How she was making Dilip comfortable by speaking Hindi and all. She is all things hearts. 

She is the most humble star I have ever seen. 

I made this recipe a long time ago.
beetroot salad is a salad with beet root

Have you fired rujuta diwekar ??? 4yrs ago you were talking about all indian food , rice and all . And after 2yrs you say you were in keto diet . Like really?? Rujuta never recommends keto .

Mske more video  I really like it

Iam i only person who do not eat salad ever in my life

My favorite actor sooo cute Imagine getting a heart from mam
Did she add salt in the salad?

Alia i love you you are my best ever superstar ️
I don't care about my brother
Ik how to make aloo fry you cut raw allu and cut into small pieces any boil them with oil until golden brown and serve with chilli and salt

Your fridge and chimney name ur using

Hame pata ha alia agar app pale bar kar rahe ho to its yoy falte

Happiness family to mamji

Pagal

Please see our tayaj tiny foods channel  sister

Nikal sali

Alia post more recipes from your diet plan ...beatroot salad was yummm 

The wood of the sea
Alia, how much Hindi do you speak?
Stupid

ILY

Its more like a beetroot raita

Hai nepo girl, copying kareena
Beetroot salad ...mtlb beetroot ko cut krke uske upar lemon or salt chirak do...mgr ye kya tha 

Oh god u know cooking

Nice alia di
Please Alia bring your kitchen episode 3
For malayalis the beetroot salad is somewhat lyk our pachadi

Alia di
Love you forever from banglades

This is what happens to all of you actresses, I am cooking all this time, guys, what is this to you, you will get many opportunities from Ranveer's bed or every mother of India is cooking food.
Pagal hai alia bhatt

How does she even have this much subscribers,,,,, shame.....

Justice for ssr

Love you

Wow

Im your big fan alia mam pls reply me️️
Who is here after slay points q and a video

Alliyayu
Jj

Seeing her video never get any boared

I don&#39;t know hindi but I am big fan of you Alia and my wish to see you ️️

Why did Bollywood people run away?
Aaliya didididifididisididididi u r very cute 
Am big fan of u ma&#39;am

All these stars eat Hindi's bread. Then again I am ashamed of speaking Hindi. Shame on these people
When everyone was watching the recipies on the fridge,, i was looking at the Frame of HARRY POTTER

I&#39;m your biggest fan mam love you
A like you didi

ENG bol hai no
Alia Bhatt mam you are my favorite actress,singer and dancer

How much nonsense has seemed to you this year.
I am very very big fan of  you I love dear  Jindagi Jindal

Why you hate sushant

Potterhead can only see the sticker

She is doing over acting

hi
Hatters gonna be hateI&#39;m always with you my alia

there is no such thing
What is this brother to cook
Chup reh

Super

New subscriber ️
It&#39;s nice that, unke bhi ghar me cofee ke dabbe me masala rakha hua hai

Aliaa soo cutee
Why didn&#39;t she mention that Burger on her fridge magnets?

She is so clean fresh beautiful ️

Aaloo looking beautiful i mean really beautiful without makeup



Alia has a channel 

Speak in Hindi Mohtarma.
I am your biggest fan ma&#39;am
Hello alia mam I want to know what you do for your skin I mean what is your skin care please refer me in your next video or comment me in return thanks

Are you a foodie
My kitchen
Hello di l am yours big fans  From a small girl  .                      From Assam

Justice for SSR.

Chef are highly trained and reputable

I love Alia from the Philippines

Aloo you are sooooo sweet. I love you di 
I love you aloo 
Fool, who has got so much time?
Why don't you speak Hindi?
She just mentioned so many carbs that she says she loves to eat, but her nutritionist said she hates carbs

Is it the coconut milk for cooking that you use?

Starkid learning dishes
alia di I love you dii plz replay
Allooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

I love youI am your big fan
Kanaa I too wanted to watch dear Zindagi free how to watch???

Kanaa u r very chill and good boy

As per your ads bhook lagi h toh Uber eats.....why you don&#39;t order from Uber Eats???...... advertising main burger and real main kichdiii.... reality of Bollywood .... hypocrisy at its peak 

Hello 
She luks so innocent  n cute

Not everything suits to everyone. I ate this today and feeling nauseous ever since.

Please post on YouTube

My friends, I am in a lot of trouble, I have a small family, I used to run my house by selling tea, today my shop is closed for 10 days, I have no money left to feed my family. Brothers, I am in a lot of trouble, no one can help me. Please help so that my family can get food
My friends, I am in a lot of trouble, I have a small family, I used to run my house by selling tea, today my shop is closed for 10 days, I have no money left to feed my family. Brothers, I am in a lot of trouble, no one can help me. Please help so that my family can get food
Aliyabhattklrasaypi

I like your skills and confidence️Want to have a close look of your fridge magnets and from where I can get customised these?

Yeh Kareena hai hai hai ho raha hai
Who guys watching this video with a small smile

My favourite actor Alia ️️️️
Main aapki bahut badi fane who

Flip Pandit Alia really roast you

Just love her personality...️️...she is so good...I don&#39;t know how can people end up hating her....she is talented and fun...we as viewers...praise her for her performances...and when people find something interesting which is false...they roast people to core and tend to ruin her career

Wow it&#39;s look so beautiful. I have also try it by watching your video 

Alia you are my favorite

R u harry potter fan

Please alia apni refrigerator ka tour do

Can you give me your phone number?
<a href="">1:38</a> Forgets my favorite dessert 
Why u guys are doing so much with her? Does she deserve it?? U guys all know we have lost our Legend for them 

Alia ma&#39;am please make another video of in my kitchen because these three are amazing recipes and we want to see some more favourite food of yours

When is part 3 coming

How much money do you need, what is Corona going on, please help me.
I have made so much money that I am making YouTube vlogs.
And your voice smile is very nice and your attitude and I love very much ️️️️
Alia Bhatt you are very beautiful and cute I am biggest fan of you   I like you because you give respect to others and love children&#39;s I like you very much and I have biggest fan of ️️️️️

Iam your biggest fan  
Is she indian itself?Only Englishh

I really like her

I love you Alia didi
I make this beetroot salad recipe a lot... it’s very tasty!

Mann to karta hai but itna kuch ni ho pata apne liye expensive hai sab

majeup kyu pot aayi
kuchvni socha hmne
I am your so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so bigger fan..............I love you
Mam please tell me urs what l eat in a day

I m ur biggest fan and I love you very much ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
