My favourite Ayesha Shroof 
 Ghost king and master too He is spreading pedantry like zombie and ghosts like Karauli Randi are extracting from the human body and he is spreading the knowledge of planets and stars and ancestors by copying from books on the footpath and by making fake degrees from Sampoornanand Sanskrit University, and all the Saints, Saints, Sanyasi, Aghori Tantrik, etc., all completely naked, on an empty stomach, especially the illegitimate children of the sacred thread prostitutes, zombie incarnations, in the dreadful torrential rains in the new moon constellation, will stand in a queue in the crematorium at midnight, otherwise the condition of Durga Kamakhya. Horrible death will be worse than a torn vagina Jai crematorium, Jai graveyard  that's it ️️ Prostitute Anjani's son Hanuman's mantra should be recited in mind to masturbate or have sex with a slave woman. Women and girls will have great pleasure in rubbing garlic cloves with their fingers and the semen will flow thick and abundant like the sludge of a drain. . ️️️️️️️️
Saif and sharmila ji looks brother  sister

Wcw ju

Last ka dekh ne nhi mila because of advertising of other video

Mohit branded ke traph she aap shab ko dher share shubhkamnaayein aoor mere family ke traph aap log ko dher share shubhkamnaayein

Are you crazy? Tabu has never married.
Every mother in the world is beautiful for her child️
Why r u using such thumbnails! 

Neetu Kapoor

What is the background song?

Where is shushant&#39;s mother????

There should also be shraddha kapoor&#39;s mom. She is also beautiful

Actress and Actors son and daughter became Actress and Actors ...

Honey Irani is beautiful truly.tooAll mum&#39;s r beautiful

Jaya Bachan is a blasted witch with her dil always fighting

Meaning: Everyone is born with hair.
Tiger shroff mother look cutest ️

Where is Tabu's son Kartik Aryan from?
Every mother isBeautiful osamSharmilaTagoreIsNiceActressIn Bollywood forever  
Salmans mother didn&#39;t teach him not to be womaniser.

, ,

Vd is so Cute

Varun
Sirf star kids ki mothers ko hi dikhaya..is se pta chlta he ki Ranveer singh bhi star kid hi he ek trh se tbhi to sushant ki sari movies use de di...

Where is sreedevi

What are you doing Gandu?
Listen ever mother is beautiful

I like every mom&#39;s they and their son are so beautiful

She was very open at her time.

1u9p

Smoky basterds

Every Mother beautiful

I open the video  for seeing the kartik and his mother and you do cheating with us cheater  and listen every mom are beautiful understand.

Every mother is beautiful u know

Ha rum ha ra mother very bad a a r mad u bludy beggar

My mom is the most beautiful if you think that your mom is also the most beautiful one hit like

Hrithik mom looking like his elder sister

I came just to see if kartik Aaryan’s mother is really tabu . But tabu is not married

My mother is seem like ranbir kapoor&#39;s mother she always taking care of me I love you mom

Tiger Sroff,s mother very very very beautiful

Tabu  is  not  married

Kartik  mom  is  not  tabu   stop  telling  lie

Why have I pot Kartik picture? It is really  disgusting

Hasn&#39;t anyone realized all these mama&#39;s boys have disastrous relationships.coz these so called mamas  cant accept  to see their sons with any other woman apart from themselves lol....

Kartik Aryaan's show.. What useless thing are you showing.. fraud people!
Athiya and Mana

Sunita still Charming and classy at the age of 54. What a joke? 

&quot; Inspite of being mother of Ahaan and Athiya, Mana looks still young and gorgeous.&quot; What does it mean? She can&#39;t be beautiful as being mother of Ahaan and Athiya?

Faltu thumbail

Why you featured tabu and kartik as mother son tabu ki toh shadi bhi nhi hui Aur kartik ki mom ka naam mala tiwaari hai

Neetu Kapoor 
Tabu is not even married still, she is 45 now

For the first time I know that Kartik is Tabu's son 
No kartik and tabu are not son and mother

And Roger Federer is the 4th son of Salim Khan

Every mother is beautiful️

Again these stupid videos rolling out which is full of nepotism... Digital agencies like these should be banned forever and given proper lessons by taking serious charges against these.

Who is watching this after rishi kappoor,s death

The clickbaits are horrible

Kartik's mother is Tabu?? How many images are seen to attract people?
Surprising that they could only remember that those ladies are mother of a boy child and forgot about the daughters !!!!

To get views, why is Tabu still not married or has a son?
Every mother is beautiful 

So stupid.  First learn English properly. You cannot even differentiate gender.In all your videos this is an issue...Bakwas

Tabu ki to Sadi to hue nHi 

What

Sharmila Tagore 
ALL THE MOTHERS IN THE WORLD ARE BEAUTIFUL, I know my mom is.

Dont you do anything locha with kartik he is my favourite

You are a big lier

Rajesh khattar wae hai na jo RDJ ka dubbing krtai tony stark wala just love his voice

Sushilacharak's husband married twice.
Sharmila Tagore to Hindu hai na to iska beta saif ali khan nahi ho sakta

Tabu is not yet married but you kept her pic as a thumb nail as a mother of Karthik aryan

WTF.. Why u guys put Tabu and Kartiks Picture on Video..  This kind of misreading things are torally Wrong... U guys are 

If you don&#39;t have an extra pic of any Bollywood actors mother and son or daughter then you can make anyone as them taabu  and Kartik. 

Honestly why so stupid??

tabu is not married

Your thumbnails are so stupid.

We think people are crazy, we recognize Kartik's mother.
You foll sahid is so  of tabu

Like mother like son!
Your voice is very irritating..

।
TABU HAHAHAHA

Sorry to say not done

Not everyone is gorgeous

Why u put Tabbu pic as ur cover pic???

Only tiger shroff mom is good looking

Who see this video for katik&#39;s mom hit like

Tabu is Kartik Aaryan&#39;s mother you brat

R8....

Video editor name?
Kon's video editor doesn't go to video editing
,

U are the hell to put kartik aaryan with tabus picbytheway she hasnt married

Tabu is.not mother of karti so disgusting you fool stupid

FakeeeeeeeKartik Aryan's mom Tabu Nahi hai r u mad
What r u putting hopeleaa

You should stop adding fake thumbnails

Stop talking rubbish Kartik Aryan’s mother is Mala Tiwari .Google It

All plastics

pic toh kartik Aryan and tubu ki diye the

Salute  who liked this video 

Where is Karthik and tabo ..liers

Tabu ki shaadi hui ni kartick kess ayyyy hraaamm ka hoga
Shut up
Karan singh ko kisne dala es video me,, shit is he a actor even, he is just a shitty guy

You are lying in your every video

Tabu is still not married

Stupid why u kept tabuu

Are we crazy? Have we seen KARTIK ARYAN's parents? They also appear in many shows like Kapil Sharma.
Ok seriously come up with better thumbnails.

After seeing the cover photo, I felt like Kartik is Tabu's son.
His son,,, her mother of Hrithik Roshan

hoax

fake

I think kartik aaryan mother also looks very beautiful

Sushant Singh Rajput about chahiye

Wow

Pic for the video was fake which is not shown in the video about kartik and tabbu

Like who is that stupid person

Omg!Kartik and Tabu as son and mother!WTH

 Mr Lalla 
My name is also sharmila 
Neetu kapoor is very good and has put up with a alcoholic husband and drug addict son

Wat da he&#39;ll. Is it real
Just shocked.

I am here because of the thumbnail. Since its click bait then you deserve dislike+ report

Even a little, show me a little, he is trying to abuse you.
tapeeeee

Ranveer singh&#39;s mom is very beautiful.
Jhute 1 no. K

All nice
Why you put your video cover photo like taht bitch

Really you need comments... it&#39;s pakaaaaavvvvvuuuuu.....

Thumbnail 

So all mumma&#39;s boys are playboy 

Thumbnail sucks
What the hell?You always put wrong Information. Everytime! In one of your Channels videos only you mentioned Shahids Mother Married to Rajesh Khatter for the second time but in this video you say he is her third Husband. This is not the only thing. I have also seen many such mistakes.

Why the hell did u post Kartik and Tabu’s picture 

Mast

All mother are good 
Fake news salmans parents are not divorced

Wow

Acha hamain toh pata he nahi tha ....stupid lady anchor

Where is Kartik and Tapu.

All mother 

Agr ye thumbnail nhi lagata to bhala hum iska video kaise Dekhte views kamane ke liye tum log kisi ko bhi kisiki ma beta bap bna skte ho shame on you

Tabu didn't marry me but Ariyan became such a bad son that he didn't know the crazy people thanks for the information.
Why the hell you put kartik aryan and tabus’s pic?? Disgusting!

The thumbnail got me dead

Nice show

Every mothers looking beautiful

Every mother is looking good

Awesome

Varun and his mother are beautiful

First

Amazing
