salman khan love and
Only for salman bhai

Sponsor ke paise wasul hai 

BRAND AMBASSADOR OF WORD SWAG

 i  you mr Khan
Great one by Salman Bhai and Pepsi

Biggest megastar of world Bhaijaan 
First time search add song....just Only for Salman khan Bhaijaan 
Swag level max 
Salman bhai's welcome is different 
Salman 
Being human

Salman
Salman
Who came  here after watching reels

Why did you miss this ad?
boss hain 
Swag be alone 
Awesome sallu

l love you Salman khan kaise he aap me supriya I love this song

JAI HO MY BIJAN️️
It's so cute that I haven't even made a song yet.
Salman Khan doesn't like a clean shave
If Salman Khan has a beard, he looks like Shihab Chatwar, but it looks good
Salman Khan's dance was good, thank you very much brother
Song Very nice
Song to mast hai  + is song main sallu bhai bhi hai Jo khud swag se solo hai

What's the matter 
Proud salman fan
Those who came from Instagram should attend.
Are yrr yeh song ya music video hota to kitna accha hota 
Manly personality in bollywood.

His dance is the cutest

iiuuiiiuiuiiiiiiiuiiillove
After watching the reels, please log in and like or send a present.
Salman bhai 
 good song 
Salman Khan
Since last year this song has come on which society has come meaning My favorite line is neither happy, nor living alone nor in the world 
2033
Who has come with this expectation 
From Instagram 

Who has come to watch reels on Instagram in 2023?
Is Pepsi dog product for PepsiCo.
Pepsi battery <a href="">0:38</a>
This song is to awesome and now we also listen this song in 2023 proud to be Salman khan&#39;s fam

After Instagram trending song I&#39;m watching it

The poor boy also spent less time with his girlfriend who then drank Pepsi or killed the girl ???
All single like here ..... ️
I think this song is made only for Salman Khan bcoz he&#39;s still solo

2023 Wale reels dekhr jo aaye kro
Bakwaas
Bhai glat band se motivation le rhe ho tum log
Anyone Listening in 2023? June

Salman Bhai.
May 2023??

His hands 
brother
Real megastar of bollywood Salman bhai  its add but views and likes amazing

Yeahhhhh
<a href="">1:40</a> in this scene Salman sir looks like 30 years

Iss gaana Move mein hona tha

Anyone 2023
Beingsalmankhan.
Who is watching this video 2024 from the future?
Megastars Salman Khan 
Salman ️
He told his reality 

Who is watching in 2023
salu bhai rocks

It sounds like I am talking about brother 
The bhaijaaan️
Salman Khan️
SWAG KA BAAP
Police station 
Salman bhai the brand ambassador of singles

Sallu

Lovely  song
Brand ambassador of singles - Salman bhai ️

[ Swag se solo ] Epic dialogue for singles

Iwish  Vibyut Jammal make a Pepsi song
One of my favrt aad of my salman kya swag ha kya style ha kya he lyrics h lobe u my hero jaan
Pepsi cola big bannersJab Salman dance bohot date karte hainTo audience only watch Salman ko Khti haiYe in actor ka kuch baat hai jabki dance bohot date kar rahe hote
Megastar Salman Khan ️️
My favorite salman

Swag ka baap...Salman bhaijann 
Ibad patel ️
My favourite song and this song music.... 

Ranveer Singh ka song sa to bhot best song ha ️
Best Pepsi Ad️
Pepsi 
Bakwaas, the new one is Ranveer's best, who is putting Buddha in it?
Mark my words no can replace this guy 

Legends watching in 2023 ...

Swag vali holi
Bhai 
What are you talking about Salman Khan?
Salman Khan's welcome is different ️
Came here after watching sad song Tadap Tadap from Hum dil de chuke Sanam To refresh my mind

Swag nahi AAG hai Salman Khan ️
Who is watching Ranveer Singh's Pepsi ad and watching Salman Bhai's ad 2023?
I don’t drink aerated drinks because of Health reasons, but whenever I buy, I buy Pepsi for others, only because Bhai promotes it.

Bhai and Pepsi go hand in hand ! 

Brother's song is ️
ℙ𝕠𝕨𝕠𝕣 𝕠𝕗 𝕓𝕙𝕒𝕚𝕛𝕒𝕒𝕟
Swag be alone
bhaiii always
What was this Remo threw the mobile 
And One more thing Salman Khan danced really very well 

Salman Khan has swag like his stardom

13,03,42,103 view ofthe 
Most addictive ad song and also swag se solo Salman Khan ,remo choreography 
By seeing the thumbnail, T-series has been advertised.
Swag se solo.... thanks Salman Khan g

Megastar Bhaijan
You are single and true, brother.
I Love This Songs Of Swag Se Solo Ft By Megastar Bhaijaan Salman Khan
Who Listen the song in 2023

Every married man want to be liye bhai

Bhai jan

Rumour says Salmon Bahi is plotting to get married in 2023 

Ye song 2023 me kaun kaun sab dekhte ho bhai love you song
 movie  songs  salman khan 
Ad..

Ad pe 100million view

Pram vi

SWAÅG SÊ KARENGA FIRE SWAÅGAT
When u realise that this is just a ad song and view count is huge 130M

No matter how many times you watch this ad, it makes you want to watch it again and again. 2022 December 15 | I will see it again this year too haha
Only my love is needed.
Hiio

Super

Swag be alone
1m likes comming soon .................

Salman khan mega super star ️
Toh Chalea Suru karte hain
Nonsense dancing. And Remo special entry was not required. Lol

Salman Khan is my favourite actor ️

Swag bhai....

Salman bhai looks good after seeing him.
Salman khan is love
SALMAN khan fire 

My favorite Hero Salman Bhai ️️
Nice Salman Khan song  ️
Very handsome man ️
Mega star only salman bhai 
BAAP of Bollywood

Last ahot with bracelet 

Raveena Tandon's jungle dance was so good for her life. All the while he is playing the joker's picture.
Salman
Best song for this moment

INDUSTHAN KA BHAI SALMAN KHAN

That&#39;s What I Like

Yeh Dil Maange More
Taste the Feeling

welcome to every corner
Bas naam he is enough
Nice song ️
Best advice given by our BHAIJAAN for SINGLES, Instead of loving a girl we better love ourself.

The king of swag salman khan 

Whoever watching this  in 2022 unko swag say swagat 

Super..

What have you sung?
And this is still relevant

Swag s sallu only sallu.
After 2 years this song still fresh

my favorite salman khan
Looking at Salman Bhai's body, I don't think anyone will ever drink Pepsi.
fantastic song
Sallu ka dolla, ️
Still listening to this in 2022 ?

Salman sir&#39;s addiction ️️️
Baap of Bollywood  SALMAN KHAN 

Sallu Bhai is No 1 Actor of Bollywood

Bhai ️
What is this

Intelligence person
Nice

THIS IS SULTAN H KING BAAP H SABLKA AAO KILL ALL

bhai.apne.Pepsi.looks
sallu bhai

Salman swag  very  best song
I am very happy ki main single ho
Ye bkwss song hai badshah ke songs aache hai Pepsi ke️

Ad PE bhi 130million views

Wow

Every time I listen to this song, it is fun. We love you bhaijaan ️
And here brother tells the truth of his heart.............
Literally better than &quot;Check My Fizz&quot;

Kahan gaya jo hamesha salmaan k khilaaf bolta tha
Useless

SALMAN BHAI KA AAJ BHI SWAG CHAYA HUA HE

Remember to watch the first ad again and again
it is not going to break the Ronaldo effect.

do u guys really like this song?

<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/8gF1Xp_zK8jk8gSDrI2wCw"></a>
Who has come here to see this again after badshah and Jacqueline song. 

What's the ad brother?
Nice
Salman bhai is truly the only one
swag be alone
Sallu

Pepsi is pitiful due to Mulla's addition. Add Akshay Kumar.
Salman khan you swag 
This song is represent illuminati look at this song very carefully and understand the signs

Sallu

wow

Wow

Ironic as this is the same person who sang bekhayali

best song for the singles

Single girl
Guru 
Summer has started, now all the Bollywood fools will start jumping here and there, risking their lives for Rs 20 cold drinks, but we will not listen to them... We will go straight to the sugarcane juice shop and buy Ghungroo. Those running on the tal will drink the juice coming out of the machine...that too mixed with salt containing iodine...It is better to drink natural juice than drinking chemicals, along with this they also allow the farmer to get 4 paise. Let India's money stay in India.... But keep in mind that in that too, you have to look at Kalava and Tilak, if possible say Ram Ram and drink only if the shopkeeper also greets you by saying Ram Ram. What does it mean that you have to drink the juice and not spit? I hope you have understood. Jai Shri Ram.
130 million views on ad video unbelievable 
Best dance Salman Khan swag se solo acha

Nc

No one wants to live with you
Who is watching Salman Bhai's welcome step sojo?
Awesome
goat

Wow

Salman ️
Salman Bhai ️️️
Wow

this song just came in my mind Today don&#39;t know why..!!Loved you Bhaijaan

Wow

Who Wants a Pepsi Ad Song featuring Tiger Shroff &amp; Salman Khan 

It is better than tiger&#39;s har ghoot ma swag hai

Loveeeeeee u salman my favourite actor

Yrr salman yrr sab ki help kerta h yrr ma yh sochti thi ki is add ko kis na sing kea h bhoot achi voice ha now I know that who is he salman jis ka sath da dai voh life ma successful ho jata ha just like sachet

Great song bhai 
Superb 
Bhai ad cross 120 millions when so called chakka canadian superstar songs hardly touch 80 lol 

Brother brother brother welcome today boss
Get ready to apply the polish
My favourite actor forever  being sk fan
Bollywood's father Salman Khan
Sk n his swag
140 million 
I love thumb up beacause srk brand ambassador

Sylvester Stallone of indiaSeriously he gives Sylvester vibes

First advertise song which crossed 100M+ Views. Name is enough. SALMAN KHAN.

Salman 
Age is only a number game, who says this band is 50 and the energy is still like that of 20?
Ayub

Love you bhai jaan
Bhai till I Die .
Understand the haters, don't fight with Sallu Bhai and don't compare him with other actors.... Why Bhai's ad also gets 100 million views, beta ???
Best ad ️️
Forever young 
Bhaijaan 
Salman bhai swag
No comparisons on him he is the real mega star

It represents illuminati and symbols every side and Salman making the devil horns with his hand , plzz don&#39;t watch and share this video to anyone

Most Handsome Megastar 
Good song
Song for singles

786_92

Salman khan favorite hero
This man swag in unmatchable 
Wow badiya swag song 
Tosu of anupama there️

Swag solo 
Love you Salman bhaijaan ️️️ Swag he is different from my brother️️
H.p.n.y all t dhark out er

I love this ad song because i love Salman Khan  i am totally mad for you salman

Happy birthday Salman sir
So what would be the motivation for singles, whether for those who are single or who are in a relationship or who want to get out of their troubles?
Son, you will wake up before me. The understanding did not come.
Every step of Salman Bhai was welcomed.
<a href="">0:27</a> Yo boi

My favrorite brand
Super song
Remo D&#39;Souza has done a  fantastic job 

You alone will remain here.
Who is watching this after Vickey kaushal wedding with katrina.. RIP salmoon bhai..

King
Kyu ki mujhe radhe film bohot acha laga

Salman bhai please tv par radhe film dikha do nain

Salman bhai here, tell me what you have made of your body, I will also do it.
National anthem of Single peoples like me 

Salman sir ️
Song made for Salman Sir ️
Lollll Pepsi pe song bana diya
Wow what a song

Wow what a song

Shultan ️
Swag solo
Swag se solo nahi swag se single
I have never seen a handsome man like Salman Khan till now 

LOVE YOU SALMAN KHAN ️
Perfect song for salman : Swag se solo ( lifetime single) 
megastar salman khan
Salman ka swag hi sabse dumdar hai
@salmankhan check out the dancing moves there in

Dislikes are from coca cola 
Who remember this song plese like

Very nice song️
Anything bhai touches crosses crore anyway

Love you Salman Khan
Aaaaaggh
Marte dum tk rahunga listen to Salman ke songs. And I will keep doing this fitness. ,
Dislikes Walon Ki Maka Bhosda
Brother, I am single at the age of 55, fit and handsome too.
Salman&#39;s bracelet is actually Radhe

SK / AK / SRK / who is the best ? Hlw buddy&#39;s like plz

Abal
131K Dislikes

Bhaijaan
Salman
Myfevbrateherosalmankhanbhaijaan
Megastarsalmankhanbhaijaan
Luckybracelethaisalmankhanbhaijaanka

Bestbodyhaisalmankhanbhaijaanka
Khanbhaijaan
Skf

Bollywoodkabaapahaisalmankhanbhaijaan
Your best friend
Handsomesalmankhanbhaijaan

One ad is getting 130m views, this is Salman Khan's stardom.
Ad which makes to watch again again n again

Swag be alone
 my love
Bollywood cant make this type of ad ever ️

Bhaijaan ️️️
Bhaijaan️️️️️


2019: I drank pepsi 2021: I drank coca cola 
Bhai ma bhut bara fan hu my name gaurav kumar
Swag of sk

Joto odvut dance sob salman er jodi amar prio tarporo uffff
kash is song mani ronalodo hota maja aa jata #<a href="">
Legend watching in 2021

Flute music 
Mast song hai 

I like that background dancers  more than that leading one

For you it will be salmon brother, for me it will be salmon brother.
Aa slam wala ko hukum by gaurav kumar

Swag se duo
Devil horn is telling with his finger that this is fake..
Addictive Song 
Poojaprasad Poojaprasad Poojaprasad Poojaprasad
In the world of Fake this man is real ️

Bhaijaan rocks
I have heard this song  100 times SWAG SE SOLO, what can you think?????????????
Very good

Nice song but say no Soft drinks 

Who is better song tiger ka har ghoot me swag he️️ ya salmaan Khan ka swag solo please reply me
Everyday explanation is better 
Mast

That flute tune, I&#39;ve heard it somewhere. Does anyone remember the song?

Ronaldo be like ::: bhai big fan sallu bhai big fan bhai

He did not drink it&#39;s one drop . Lock wisely 

Salman Khan 
Hi

Welcome brother!
Before adding you got 130 million views.
Allah is almighty

Listen only to hear SACHET TANDON

swagy sallu

Justice4SSR

op salam

&quot;The heart is happy, not alone, but the lover&quot; is the best line
Who is here    9/07/2021

Nice song
2nd Part Bhi Bana Doh Iss ad Ka 

Salman bhai..he is the real star..swag se solo..or udhar aamir ka divorce ho gaya... JOI salman bhai..<a href="">#swag</a> se solo
These people are single people, I don't want to reach out to these people, what should I do in a relationship, you bastards
Umar would not have come to his senses. What are people saying about being a senior citizen.
Sawg se Solo.
Salman Khan 
salman sir always best....
Illuminati Salman Khan 
Osm is salman

Maindblowing music and dance stayle

Best pepsi song in salman Khan
I watched this video.. More then 50 times... सलमान खान is my life ️️️️
Superb bhai jaan
Kush to Ronaldo se sikho

Views are now constant 

Beautiful

𝐼 𝑙𝑜𝑣𝑒 𝑦𝑜𝑢 𝑏ℎ𝑎𝑖
𝑌𝑒 𝑖𝑛𝑠𝑎𝑛 𝑘𝑎𝑏ℎ𝑖 𝑏𝑢𝑑ℎ𝑎 𝑛𝑎ℎ𝑖 ℎ𝑜𝑔𝑎
Are you remembering Ronaldo?
Ronaldo : drink water Selmon bhoi : pepsi piyo or maro

Buddha dadaji's dance
Looking so cool
Gajab Bhaijan's SWAG
Nyccc

Cool

Amazing add hai brother
Daddu

Who is here after Ronaldo

Nice song
Thanks Ronaldo 
Who is here after cristiano ronald

weather you love him or not but he is a inspiration for singles.

These log ad cards do not work. Because we know it is very bad for health. Ajay Devgan also advertises to Vimal, what does he eat?
Da

India's only ad which has received 130 Million record breaking views. This is Power of ( SALMANIA Family )... There is no question of skipping such an ad 
129 million bhai power

sallu bhaii

swage 
By watching this video, I make a man of pepsi.
Salman Khan is the best

Sallu bhai ke jaga kese  aur ko rakthe tho 1 billion views melte

Faadu️️
I love you
When I linsten this song I proud to be single 

&quot; You told me Salman &quot;
Great lyrics &amp; also singer voice ️

Swag Be Solo!!!!️
swag
I drink pepsi  only for this song...️️

I have watched it 4 times since morning and am planning to watch it again and again.
The legend Salman Khan ️
I would give crores to see Salman Khan's KO.
Words most handsome Salman khan।।।
Swag se megastar salman
Bhai

Salu big aid bhai I love u
Salman Bhai
Illuminati alert
Love you salman khan sir 
Iovely 
I wish Seeti Maar's choreography was also done by a good choreographer like this one has...
She: <b>MUJHE PEPSI TU POLADE</b>SALLU BHAI: <b>CHAL HAT PAGLI</b>

Superb

Salman is my favourite actor 
200 million likes complete

Mushfiq Rj Farhan
Why is he dancing better in an ad than his own films, idk 

A

aap hoga asali swag
Pure song mein khare rahe kya yaar allu arjun ko diya hota he could have done justice to the song

Salman&#39;s Swag
Sweg se sallu
Pepsi (Salman Khan)
Babar Azam (Pepsi Brand Ambassador)

Born with natural swag..thats Salman khan

Super brother jaan ️️
Salman swag 
Love u Salman my favorite hero and add 

️best
Best bhai

Super

Hello

𝐁𝐡𝐚𝐢 𝐤𝐚 𝐣𝐚𝐥𝐰𝐚
Wow

BiggBossAbdullaSalmanYAkutpura
Salman’s bracelet have its own fanbase

This song is just like BP Jennie solo song

BiggBossAbdullaSalmanYAkutpura
Kya baat hai bhai awesome song

Megastar
Bhaijaan ka Swag️
Salman
Amazing song and dance

Very Good luck

4

Salmanmegastar
Imagine that you and your gf alone in one room and this song play Mujhe Pepsi to pelado....Kholo kholo kholo....

Salman bhai ka swag Unbeatable
Wow

Brother is welcome




I love you yr salman khan ji
Bhai ka swag 
Nyc

Remo sir I m Ur biggest fan  &amp; your team ️️️️ love u sir 
Omg hyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Remo sir ️️️️
Mast



12,90,28,212 view..

Good add hai Salman sir
Yes madam ji
BiggBossAbdullaSalmanSory Sorysorysory
BiggBossAbdullaSalmanYAkutpura
3_-46646¢474&amp;36¢
Man with Golden Heart Sallu bhai

Hindu Muslim Salman Bhai
I love you salman khan 
Bhai&#39;s Bracelet = Many Hater&#39;s and their Actor&#39;s Lifelines

matlab ab wo ThumsUP &quot;Taste the thunder ni pina kya &quot; , usko kya hua ??

kisi ne notic kiya butta bumma song ke background dancer hein

Rohit kabir dos
Salman khan's personality is a dam mast
Still counting and growing.. Just Bhai and Salmaniacs things..!!

Salman Bhai swag 
I came here when I got to know that it is sung by Sachet...

Salman is very selfish.

I love you salman khan
Salman Khan ️️️️
Best hero

The big guy

130k dislikes are from Laxmi Kumar&#39;s fans

Imagine.....If This song would be On &quot;Radhe&#39; movie In Salman Khan&#39;s entry

Shah

Hshs

In the mouth
This
Usu

Hsh

Hshs

Ah

Hsh

Qja

Hwhw

Hsh

Shhs

Bsba

Hawv

Hahah

Bh

Haha

Haga

Fja

Hinduoka Bhosda!!! 666!!! Signs!!! Sigma bonding!!!

Thumps up lovers like here

I am 29 years old and have remained celibate till date. This song is my favorite.
sawag

Salu bhai 
Salman Khan super hero no1
And its can plays in Indonesia

2021 March me kaun sun raha hai....like thoko...only for sallu

Salman Khan brother
Irony is Salman bhai made fun of Pepsi in 90s era as sweet and baby drink, still remember those ads. But, this song is amazing 

Such a stiff oldie..salman

Are only bhai ! 
Woooow

<a href="">0:37</a>I think, Ye Salmam Khan Ka Apna Awaj HeAm i right 

megastar salman khan
Love from kolkata ️️️
Very nice

Sikkandar of bollywood

ANNA

Sallu jan 
Swag se solo, Next will be : =Swag se duo , Third will be : Swag se squad 

Ggggģ
Here 2021

Love you Salman khan️️️️️️
Iove song and salman khan iove so much more

Sikkandar of bollywood salman Khan

I like alcohol songs
love u Salman
Sultan salman 
Motivation song for single people  Salman Bhai 
Aaj kuch toofani karte h 

Swag sir️️️️️
Great
Wow 
My Favourite cold drinks Thums up

I am a big fan of yours.
Baap of Boliwood

This song is made for single people ???Who agrees?
I love you salman khan️️
<a href="">

I will drink Pepsi only for Salman Bhai.
Only for bhaijaan

this video was created for singles in valentine lol<a href="">#swagsesolo</a>

Salman fans like commet 
Thumbnail op over 130 million hehehehe nice joke t-seriers

Salman Khan fans like here

Favorite hero Salman khan and Tiger  Shroff

Love you bhaijan
Salman️
This song song wow 

Swag be alone
All the best Salman bhaiya ji Thanks T series.
megastar salman khan
Salman bhai is like no one else
Salman khan the name is enough

Bap of luck

I don&#39;t like Pepsi enjoying song only

Charshmandali

Osm pepsi

Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe

Jabra fan bhaijaan
Swag be alone
Justice for sushant......

Anthem of every single guys

Brand
... Movie nhi chal rha tho ad hi chal jaye घोटा
Still swag se solo️
Op....sallu bhai..
What is Buddha's truth?
Happy valentine&#39;s day 
I feel happy watching this man. Big thanks to all the legends for entertaining us for 30 years.
The 14th feb song .

Salman and Tiger both dance on Pepsi's song kya hai?
Valentine day se yad aya mere ko ye song  enjoy this song single guys 

I am here On Valentine&#39;s Day. Just for some Motivation

Aaj Bollywood sushant sir ko saport karta to inshaaf jarur milta, ignore Karo Bollywood ko

One year of this song.......always sallu 

Swag be alone 
Don&#39;t know why . this song just comes in my mind today

S.k. ji one chance best superhit song lyrics  dunga
Who is here on 14 th February to gain some motivation 

Op
Nice

Zakir Khan should also take it.
Ad for ad 
Selmon bhoi jindabaad
This song will keep you alive even in deer or road side 
DONE ROOM
This is the same  on whom the Central Pollution Board has fined.
Nice

The Salman

This song suits to tiger sroff only not Salman Khan.

Jia mauga

Bapp of BOLLYWOOD

Sallu bhaijaan is brilliant actor
Tanishk backchi .....as usual more than perfect.Salman .....as usual good for nothing 

Salman
Copy of &quot;Har ghoot me swag hai&quot;

Vai jan devil sign promote korata hai
After 1 yearEdit;After 3 yrs

King of brand.....

Who is still watching this in 2021

Megastar Salman Khan
A year ago 

I have sung the sun 100 times, but man wants to hear it again and again
National anthem for the people living in the world of singleness. Coz yolo hum swag se solo. PROUD TO BE SINGLE

2022 200000000000000000000k views

Swag se solo: but, surrounded by tones of females

Illuminati confirmed
BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG BALD GANG

Bai bai bai Bai.
Very nice

Bhaijaan ️
tiger shroff &#39;s swag is the best.

Aa slam wala ko hukum

Salman swag vs tiger swag
Super cool
Salman Khan is a criminal sushant singh rajput ka killer

<b>Singles anthem</b> ...

Swag toh dekho bhai ki️️️Love you Bhaijan ️
Great actor Salman Khan
I am from Bangladesh and I love Salman Khan

Megastar 
Pepsi is Salman Khan's favorite and I am also Daksh's favorite.
𝐍 𝐒 𝐒 𝐀 𝐀 𝐀 𝐀 𝐀
Super duper salman bhai
Like thoko bhai ko jaldi

What are you talking about Salman bhai?
Love u samlan sir<a href="">
Super se uperrrr my bhagwan

Ekdam bakwas

Very nice song

Brother, till now I am alone with Swag.
Salman khan as a singer is better than tony kakkar..

Who is the sun in 2021?
🇦🇺: swag se solo🇮🇳: taur naal shada!
128 million views one man show = only Sallu bhai

Part 2mangta

Very handsome Salman bhai 
Salmaan Bhai says... Pepsi is bestBut he also said... Thums up is bestIn the past fizz was his top choice and even campa cola...What a confused bloke.

Nice

2021 mei pepsi pin eight like karo 
Happy birthday to bhai

Salman khan funny dance ....
2021

Brother and his bracelet ️️️
Who is watching this ad song of Jo Bhai in 2021 
SallU.. The nallu

Love salman
The song feel like summer

salman&#39;s eyes
Aise baat to ,kyu katrina ko line mar raha ho?

I am swag se solo ( really )

Nice

Wwooww nice video
ibadpatel

Sallu solo
Mujhe pepsi sa zyada  to USka  ad psnd  h

Pepsi using salman khan for ads, never gonna drink that!!!!Pepsi using criminals

Love you Salman bhai ️
Salman khan iove you song
O bhi

You&#39;re  best best best best best best best best best best best best best my actor
I love Salman bhai
I am just showing Salman Khan.
We all are Salman Bhai's fans.. We need courage to teach us..  He has got courage in some girl. Hum fan's ko pata sake.. 
That's why Sallu bhai has spoken.
Salman khan best hero
Motivational Song For &quot; SINGLES &quot;

Salmaniacs hit the like button for this song

What is the difference between Swag and Salman?
10000

Very nice salman hero

Very nice pespi

I love salman khan
Salman balman
Bhaijan power
Get well soon Remo sir, we need you in Bollywood Praying for your health

So nice song salman bhai
<a href="">1:21</a> I hope I had this much of money

Who are you listening to during lockdown? Like....
Bhaijaan ️
Because when I saw a girl with a beautiful body, I started hating her.
King of entertainment salman bolte

The outfits of this song for ️Tiger Shroff and Salman Khan is almost same 

I am having so much fun watching this ad for the first time
$heikhar teel SIM started
Okay, this song has been released before the Corona period, otherwise it would not have received so many views.
Nice song bhai
️ salmankhan ️
The company made Salman dance..
King of entertainment salman bolte

Lets make 1m like guiz

Attitude
The Salman

Bhai 
Wow

This ad has so many views
Pepsi to hamari hai ji

salman khanlike a rock
Cool guy

Salman sir 
22/11/2020 Alhamdulillah
Selmon boi ki jai ho
Love you Salman khan ️
This is even tattier than Tony Kakkar's song.
Salman Khan ️
Just for Salman I’m here

Salman is looking damn hndsm️
Gopal Sakh 
<a href="">#justiceforSushant</a>

Justice for Sushant

MICHAEL JACKSON PEPSI GENERATION IS THE BEST

it so goood and it is nice so much 

This alone will kill the bastard
lots of love bhaijaan ️
Mast bhai

Who is watching this video while drinking Pepsi <a href="">#swagsesolo</a>

<a href="">#SALU</a> BHAI APNA ZINDABAAD

Love this song

Very nice video and song

Actually this song was to be named swag se solomon......but pepsi thought aisa kia to Bhai  unki company ko bhi barbaad krke footpath pe le aaenge and you know next

Video type: coldring addTimeing:1:51minViews:128million In 9 monthThis is power of salman bhai

Love it

hit like for salman bhai

Bassline sounds similar to mi gente

These stars don’t even touch poisonous drinks like pepsi.
Mast hai

120 Million Views For Megastar SALMAN KHAN
Bhaijan ki to baat hi kuch or hai

Faltu song ever

Boycott Dogla Khan

l Love this song

Fan Of Sk <a href="">#Salmankhan</a><a href="">#abu_bakkar</a><a href="">#iamabkbd</a>
What a song zindegi ka remote khud pakde wow awesome more more like it ......yes boss you are the great legend

Love this! ️
beshram salman khan
The real Megastar blockbuster king

Swag se solo with Salman , amazing

Nice psi

I listen after my break up
Nice

Perfect song for Salman

Salman khan looking wow. 
Superb song 
Pepsi become  my first choice after this sallu add..

Superb song
Whenever I see the poster holder of Pepsi with Salman Khan. This is played in my mind. I always give a flying kiss to Salman Sir.

Mantel song
Love you bhaijan
October 25 m Who is the sun?
Salman uncle Mojhe this song  bhut accha laga I love you 
Salman
Valentis day pai ye ganna chlna chaiyeWho agree
Love ️
Literally love this song

I can watch this as many times , Salman is amazing  (Hoping he have a good script on his next movie)

From <a href="">0:56</a> to <a href="">1:23</a> Tak Salman Khanki single life me kitna maza ata hai woh bataya gaya hai or Bollywood break up or fights Who is targeted? Gaya hai super Sallu Bhai
can someone please tell me the name of the flute part!!!! i am seriously struggling to find it!!!

Super

Megastar bhaijaan
Vaijaan,
Megastar you on fir love u 
Love this song

I love Sallu Bhai

I also love this song 

I drank Coca Cola out of my own free will.
Fantastic song

I love this song 

Bomb blast 
This will be best anthemn for Mgtow brotherhood.

Nice

Kanta devi
Swag no.1
Sallu miya only

Baba's dhaba's fortunes shined
I love you salman
<a href="">0:26</a>-<a href="">0:30</a>
King of Indian Swag - Salman Khan

MainSwag Se Solo
Tere Bina , Indian Cinema Adhoora

Legend of Bollywood - Salman Khan

Greatest Legend in the History of Indian Cinema : Salman Khan 

Megastar Salman 
Supop

nice dance
Modi baftar India batfar Salman batfar<a href="">#wehateindia</a>
Tara

Mast song....still listening

Salman is killing it

Bycoot Salman Khan 
<a href=""> like you all 
Iove you salman 
Salman khan my best hero
Love You Bhaijaan I Am Big Fan Your
This thing gave final boost to tsreies to crush pewd

Salman is best

Swag alone 
Handsome, hero

Bhaijaaaaaan superbbbbb but wait radhe
Buddha is still acting like a hero, revenge for SSR 
Faltu

Take my accent and get lost.

Ek number

Swag se solh
sohel
Nice Song 
SAG
Love you salman khan sir
Salman bhaijaan is awesome

Wow 
Salman khan drugs k big boss
.love u more and then

Salman khan!!!
If ur watching him during lockdown then ur awesome...

Salman Khan Sir is the biggest Mega Star Sultan tiger of bollywood 

I

K

Salman Khan is better than Hrithik Roshan dance

Brother, what are you doing to become a Buddha? What will you do like this to become young?
My Frvt Star 
hello ,,  salman haters. ..  . hahahaah 123 million view for ad.  of sallu bhai

Roj sunne wale bhai log yha like kro

Bossss

Salman khan
Love you Salman
He born with swag ....Swaggy salman sir 

UNDERSTAND 0%ENJOYING 100%

<a href="">#Rip</a>  1.2lakhs hatersGod give peace to your dirty soul...omshanti
Love u Bhaijaan
Salman ️️️️
I can also use SWAG alone….
I love to dance on this song 

Nice song
Very very very nice song 

swag level 30000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
First it shows the thumbs-up ad, now EASA shows the Pepsi ad, why?
Which cool drink is best ??1.pepsi (like)🖒2.Coca-Cola(comment)3. thumbs-up  (both)🖒
Awesome bhai ka swaag

S A L M A N   K H A N 
Nice song
Right   no explanation........ Ha ha
 with pillow
Wow nice video

Fed up of salman songs

Salman khan is Illuminati.His hand symbol swag is an Illuminati symbol.Bigboss show is an Illuminati,that one eye is a symbol of Illuminati.Go to internet and search ready movie posters ,there also you will see Illuminati hand signs.He is a worshipper of devil.Even in his kick movie he has one song devil mera yaar.

<a href="">1:05</a> i love to watch this part 

Bhai ka sawag

Sona he ta bindas soonga

Real bhi salman khan
Salman rocks
With out john cena as wwe&quot;          &quot; salman khan &quot; bollywood

Swag + Salman = Baap of Bollywood Salman khan 
Brother heart he tumari
Master he
Many people are getting misleaded by presenting a advertisement of pepsi by  salman khan. Pepsi and any kind of canned drink is not at all good for our health. Many people don&#39;t know its side effects.  Please stop promoting the brand which is not good for us. And report + ban this song.

Bhang thoda milaki Soo jao

Nkyu nkyu hamari Marji
It has been copied for years from the song of Aladdin movie.
When I heard this song the first time, I felt that this song has reached 100 mln butttttttttttttttttttt but buttt… Bhai ka swag yrrrrr aram se 100 mln reached gya
salman =  pig
No more Salman Khan

You give me Pepsi to drink (Give me Pepsi to drink) My heart is happy alone, I don't need any hassle No chik-chik, no jhak-jhak No saying anything to anyone, crying, no talking From a distance, no so much clinging Why should I take complications in life 'Don't give any explanation to anyone every day, I am free, open the bottle of my swag, open it, open it' Cause YOLO, I solo with swag, the rules of my life are my own, I don't accept anyone's tantrums, TV's tantrums, we hold the remote of life ourselves, love-dead body. My girlfriend is freedom, no more fights, I don't keep any nonsense, I don't stay on my phone 24 hours a day, it's true, along with me you also speak, speak, speak 'Cause YOLO, I swag soloAha
Nice song 
Salman khan is amazing always

Nice song 
His attitude  like a  lion 🇧🇩
Who is watching this nowadays ..

Swag 
i love song
Salman Khan song swag nice
Salman Khan songs very good 
My favourite.....Luv u .... <a href="">#evergreen</a> ....Salman khan..kaash Mai aapse kvi mil paati...it&#39;s my dream️️️..n love this song
This man swag is unmatchable

Will you ever ride?
tiger song best
Cringey off
After watching bhai’s dance and performance Bhai abhi aapko retirement ki jarurat hai

Fresh josh peki Soo jao
Salman khan
Ek like Salman Bhai k liye maaro
Megastar ️
Who is watching today

My from Bangladesh .big fan Salman khan

I love u Salman sir
what a wonderful song...........

This pepsi song is better than current Bollywood songs

Nice salman
Which song is best-1.Swag se solo2.Har ghoont pe swag hai

I clean my homemade bathroom with Pepsi
Bhaijaan
This may be Raadhe movie&#39;s 1st songAnd other tracks of this film are - pyaar karo na- tere bina (featuring Jacqueline) - hindu muslim bhai bhai

Swag

After this song corona visits India

Lays ad in the song Pepsi ad in the song Condom ad in the song
What NASHA he is?
Very good song

2% of people who are watching this comment, I wish their parents still alive for more than 100 years....God bless you️

BHAI EK DUM SAADU BHAI SAB SE HOT KEA BOLLY WOOD KA BAAP

Ankush Sawant
who is here for salman?

2019: har. There is swag in Ghoot2020: There is swag in solo2021: There is swag in Pepsi
Sale tere chakkar m pepsi bhi band ho jyegi mat kr kisi tarah k add or koi bhi movie tera time khatam

Boycott Salman khan.. Remove him from add.. Otherwise we will never touch or see pepsi

Luv u sAllu bhai 
Who is Watching Today???

ARAFAT

Kash salnaz song pe hote
Amazing stardom the Baap of Bollywood

Super vhai jan
But yalgaar defeated salman khan omg
