Burn-burn clearly... )
Was it the moderate opposition or ISIS?)
The rocket went well)))
There are so many of our drones and cruise missiles there that a cruise missile is no longer allowed to fly without a flaw. Just like videos from a car recorder)
I think ISIS is starting to urgently disperse into residential areas... Although this will probably involve some difficulties
People, tell me - are these the same cruise missiles that were launched from the Caspian Sea?
Did you at least get it? I may fall in love with your eyes, but isn’t it in an open field?
Norms are fakes, Bolwood would be jealous.
Is this at night? Backlit picture.
Well, the land is plowed, it’s time to sow)
here’s to resisting isis
Fuck it, don't take it out
forgive the uneducated, I understand correctly that the missile cruiser "Moscow" in the Mediterranean Sea? 64 S300 missiles, so we’ll close the sky over Syria?)
It's Russia!!!!! baby fucked everyone
counter-terrorist win

Was the empty field bombed again?
But in my opinion they wanted to go to the “hill” hit, but missed. I am for ours! :), cross on the belly! But the “mound” is too painful. interesting from the 30th second.
Is there really a rocket in the video? very similar to a bomber flyby
The ISIS members follow the shaitan car with their eyes and then boom
By the way, the targets are highlighted. They are no longer hitting with CABs, with missiles from the air. But flying from the left - Caliber minding its own business)
Are there bombs against inadequate opposition?
Fuck you. Cheap installation. Designed for rednecks. The missiles will be saved and sold to Azerbaijan. Spit with your eyes closed - you'll end up with a general's shoulder straps on a thief.
I won’t argue, and the video is not HD, but the rocket has big wings, maybe it’s the plane that bombed? If it was a missile, it’s good that it wasn’t hit by the shock wave) If it had stayed a little longer, it wouldn’t have made it.
Well done!
In less than a week, the army surprised all Russians so much that not everyone still fully understands to what level it has risen)
what a dense movement in the sky of Syria - bombers, drones, cruise missiles)
Bite out the bearded fool Ivan!))
where the rocket flight is shown, is it computer graphics? the picture in that place looks a bit unrealistic
People, can anyone tell me from what approximate height the footage of the rocket flying was taken? about 15km in my opinion
They fired with a Caliber cruise missile. Its flight altitude is 100 meters above the ground. The missile flew from the Caspian Sea through 3 countries - Iran, Iraq and Syria. The local residents of these countries must have had an unforgettable experience.
counter terrorist win

It was getting light. The cruise missile flew towards its target. A scribe sat astride her and shouted “yohoo, come on, darling!”
It's a pity there is no sound and color picture
They bomb well, here a rocket flies and bombs are dropped from above from airplanes.
the left cruise missile also hit the frame xD
Thank you, God, that I am not ISIL!
what a beauty)
Apparently, the RF Ministry of Defense channel will soon become the most popular on the network. We are waiting for new series))))
Well done!
probably from that moment on, staff work ceased to be honorable in ISIS
But in general: 1. Putin has outplayed everyone. 2. Everything is bad in Ukraine. 3. America will soon be over. 4. The ruble has soared by 3 kopecks. Hurray, comrades!!!
Well, juntas. How do you like it? Now tell me, is there a Russian army in Donbass?
read the annotation to the video CAREFULLY!!!"In addition, the footage shows the flight of a sea-based cruise missile "Caliber", which struck another militant target in the area."
)) missed
rustle around the oil rigs, but without the fawn, so that no one can see.
Second part of the Marlezon ballet)
Approvals. They come in beautifully
Four people didn't like the video... Obama, McCain and two attack survivors
Mountains and fields are being bombed... well done. Watch the video from the Apache helicopter...you can see terrorists dying, and this is nonsense. The ISIS fortified position is in an open field...are you serious!?
Sorry the picture is not clear!
It’s obvious that he’s undershooting. What the hell? Or did it explode somewhere - already luck? What kind of suckers are these blatant noodles aimed at?
I think I'm starting to understand what "surgical strikes" are.
Oh, new) We've been waiting for a long time)
Allah, I've already stayed too long at the bar. Let's go home((((,,,,,
Successful shots! Even without voice acting, I hear some kind of crackling sound! They’re bombing well!
Hourrah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For clarification, at the very beginning of the video: “The footage also shows the passage of a sea-based cruise missile “Caliber”, which struck another object.”
Now the Saudis will not release any more oil. Vova is not to be trifled with. He will not repeat the warning twice.
I am losing weight! +
I don’t understand anything, did the rocket fly over??? I don’t see the fucking command post and why can’t I see the second missile?.. Fuck, take Mikhalkov to work
Love! Russia has only two allies, its army and navy. Keep it up, fighters. Good luck to you without any losses
It’s not clear at all how it’s like they’re just bombing a field, well, I hope they hit the target.
The Turks' gamble for selling stolen Syrian and Iraqi oil is being covered)))
Another thing I wonder is how many manpower have already been destroyed?
Hurray, new episodes!
Ministry of Defense, please tell me when they will fix the red star with a gold border, the unfinished one is annoying?
more than 50 thousand subscribers...subscribed 5 days ago, there were 15...MO, you can)
It’s funny how the missile passed under the UAV.
New episodes)
I was more amazed by the buried UFO
We need to write a petition to the Moscow Region to get the ODAB-9000 removed
Keep it up!)
awesome zoom on the UAV!!!
videos like this raise patriotism and the desire to serve, let's do more
They hit them while they were looking at the rocket
And the caliber flew so gracefully and leisurely towards its target... Like, our brave pilots will sort this out...
God's punishment
From what height was this filmed?
It's a great series! When is the next episode?
War.
=GOOD WELL!!!=
how do they iron them?
To pieces :)) These headquarters are husked like seeds :)))
oh cool, you can see the plane flying by
The surprise arrived
&quot;Moderate&quot; you say? We have polite ammunition for you. Do you need "Caliber"? - I have them!
I bought popcorn on time!))
It was as if they had fallen into a field, and there was an intact bunker nearby.
Where are yesterday's rockets?
Beautiful!!!! You are best!!!
well done
