Wrong bobby diol kissing seens  taneesha mukarji and shakalaka boom movie actress on screen 

Among all of them i have only seen Salman Khan, Shilpa Shetty, Asin, Sonakshi Sinha &amp; Tamannah Bhatia have not done any kissing scenes in any movie.

Most of these are nepo products or influential people .. agreed, they do have talent but the privilege to make decisions and get work is still based on above mentioned facts .. others still have to wait for it or has to go with the flow

Salman khan did in radhe movie

Amazing video .thank you for this informations

Good person

It&#39;s good that they respect each others company costars and coactors privacy and personal life

Ta man na bhatia kiss in other film I look his flim

stars who hates kissing but still give best scene fuc....ass...les 

Dadu kaise ki ki karega pagal

Sab ne kiya h kiss salman khan, sonakshi, ritesh deshmukh ko chhodkr

Why is it an issue lip locking in Bollywood? If Indian film industry does not support doesn&#39;t  mean you should deny us kissing scenes, mind you, you don&#39;t make films for India only but the world at large unless you say Indian real couples don&#39;t kiss during intimacy. So please act according to real life and include the dame kissing on screen scenes stop pretending guys, BIGUPS to the likes of Alia bhatt, Randeep hooda, Ajay devgan and others who show it all on screen.

Lie on Ajay Devgan

big fan salman khan all are kissing on screen but salman khan never do this inshAllah 

If its true, i like salman even more...

You are gone mad this are actors who love kissing

When they all do kissing in on screen they not fell bad

Shahrukh really hate kissing But other actors ....I don&#39;t know.SRK really hates kissing but director forced to kiss with Katrina and Anushka .it is real truth

Isemein Sara Ali Khan nahin hai sali video chalu hone ke liye kuch bhi dhukate hai

But ajay devgan had kissed

Lol wrong abt ajay he had akready kissed one movie shivaay, ajay directed that movie 1minute of liplock, aash kissed vivek one movie, srk in zero, why u need  to include pak acters

Where is Imran hashmi? 

Jssnsusbxbeskshsjsshsjsjsnsbsbsjsjwkkssnsbssbnsss



Ishwarya rai and hruthik roshan kiss scene in dhoom 2

Alia Bhatt had a kissing scene in the student of the year, Raazi, gully boy, Kapoor, and sons. How can show her pic

Looks like earlier actors/actresses refuse kissing on screen. But the new generation ones who hardly know how to act are very expert doing kissing scenes. Very good upbringing by their parents!!! The exception to this new generation actors are people like karishma and kareena kapoor who will both do anything for money. And of cos not forgetting that Bhatt family involving both Pooja and Alia Bhatt. Again very nice upbringing by their parents. If only HIV could be transmitted through kissing I bet nobody will want to do kissing scenes.

Salman khan is the best person 

No kissing onscreen is a good policy

You idiot even Tiger shroff hates kissing scenes but he do that to keep on to his character... you missed many actors and actresses, especially Tiger Shroff

Yo srk kissed in jab harry met sajal and zero

Also Kajol ️️ because we barely (almost never) saw her kissing, but yeah she has romantic scenes

My favorite tiger

Ajay devgan ki shivaay bhool gaye kya didi

When I will enter in film field I too hate kissing I will also enter for film industry

Salman hate kissing on screen but love to intimate offscreen with all of his costars..

In the kissing sceen l fell very uncomfortable.I dislike kissing sceen.

And amrita rao (the vivah actor) was also in the list

They all are expert in kissing

Ajay Devgan has lipkissed to iliana

fawad khan kissed alia bhat in kapoor and sons

It&#39;s good to hate kiss scenes.They are too embarrassing

Your mc2

Shahrukh khan , always kissing on neck

Kissing sences is not important in movie

Shahrukh Khan is Romance king  Actually he married in young age with Gauri in age of 26 He thought that the actress are too hot than fashion designer Gauri khan actually he like kissing scene ‍️

Emran hashmi is real and all are telling lie

What about dhoom 2 between hrthik and aish...

This is the good thing.... My ambition is also to become an actor and I will not allow any kissing in my roles and movies...

Rundy Madarchod sab.

Where is Imaran Hashme? Plzz comment

Parallel Universe : Imran Hashmi: Kiss Kya Hota Hai?

even sunny leone hate kissing.

Scorpions say No to kiss hahahaha  I&#39;m myself a scorpion and hates kissing in reality too..

Who cares..

Kissing no way who hate kissing I am girl

Only Salman sonakshi Riteish Shilpa and Sunil are real

Ajay devagan did smooch in phool aur kante with Madhu, while akshay kumar did with Kajol in a movie Yeh Dil lagi.

Salman khan  has never gave any kissing scene in his movie in any circumstances. Really true restriction to oneself.

Fawad khan has kissed alia bhatt in Kapoor and sons.

In this video 99% are kissed in movies

No tammanah kissed in tollywood

It is wrong shilpa shetty kissed in many films

<a href="">3:59</a> how&#39;s that possible..fawad kissed Sonam in khoobsurat and I think he also kissed Alia in Kapoor and sons

Emraan Hashmi

they hv good policy

Aishwarya rai has done kissing scene with Hrithik Roshan in dhoom 2

If they hate kissing infront of screen then thry r not fit for actress or actor,

I RESPECT THERE SELF RESPECT,AM NOT INDIAN BUT I LOVE THAT SOME PEAPLE STILL WANT TO RESPECT THERE HERITAGE EVEN WHEN THERE ACTING...

Who else came here on seeing Alia &#39;s  pic???

Kabir singh movie te aktu kom kiss ace

why didn&#39;t you put sunny leone, bipasha basu they  too are good  actresses  specially sunny leonethey  always denied kissing on screen

Tamanna kissed at thadaka movie

I think I have seen every famous actor n actress kissing scene expect salman

Well we saw almost everyone kissing except Salman khan

Ajay devgan kissed pariniti in the song from gomal again

Accept aishwarya and SRK no one has kissed

Srk has kissed kajol

Then why they all r acting kissing scene

Ritiesh kissed a girl in the serial my name ijj lakhan

Alia had kisses ranveer Singh in fully boy

1 like 1 sub Terichum chayum 

In badshaho ajay kissed illena

Except salman️

Everyone has kissed except for Salman khan and Sunil shetty, Shahrukh kissed in Maya memsaab rest I dont remember about rest.

The only ones I agree with is Ajay devgan and Salman Khan that&#39;s it

Alia

Fawad khan kissed aliya bhat in kapoor and sons

Its okay    they have to be comfortable whatever they want to do

GIVE A HIT LIKE FOR SALMAN..........HE IS THE ONLY ONE WHO HAD NOT DONE.............. HIT LIKE DOWN

Yes only Salman is real not kissing on screen

sunakshi aur salman khan nahi karte hain ye sach ha

Aish den wt abt ae dil he mushkil

The father of kissing is imran hashmi

salman khan is the real hero

Paagal tammana ha s kissed

Tammana has kiss in thadka

Sonakshi want to kiss Ashay on that film holiday.

অজয় Badshaho মুভিতে কিছুটা হট লুক ছিল

I don&#39;t think Shahruckh Khan applies no kissing policy because he is seen kissing in this video. When you were telling about Shilpa Shetty.

salman never kiss anyone onscreen

Ajay devekan did kissing

I clicked because i was expecting tiger to be there

<b>LoL actors did kissing in recent years movies</b>

sabki shadi ho chuki hai kisko chahye  biwi bani dayan haa salman ko chod ke

tamanah kissed many times for example:thozha movie etc.

Ajay devgen kissed in de de pyaar de movie

Oh please not alia bhatt...Its funny...

Thats a good policy of actors . Keep those in mind

Big fan of Bobby deol , riteish

Yaaaa I always thought salman was the only one who hated kissing scenes

Salman is super hero

Alia kissed in soty and humpty

Respect all the above, Srk kiss Katrina in film you can watch in award show his eyes stuck on kat also late film maker yash ji

only salman khna but they all had kissing

Ali Zafar did kissing scene in dear zindagi with Alia Bhatt 

Tere naam

Fawad Khan kissed sonam kapoor in koobaurat movie

Fawad Khan is the sexiest, most handsome &amp; cutest actor in the world

No Shahrukh Khan is kiss the Shilpa Shetty you watch the video ok on the neck

Only Salman

I wish u  have done some background study before making a video

Except salman khan  all have done kissing scenes

Ali zafar sakht laundaUsne apne duplicate se kiss kravei onscreen

Whtever

<a href="">4:53</a> What do u mean by golden opportunity?

Imaran Hashim ka nam kyo nahi hai

I did not seen any kissing scene of sonali bendre either expect one little lip touch same goes for Kajol.

Akshay Kumar never had kissing scenes too in any of his movies.. Ali Zafar had kissing scenes...

Fawad khan never kissed??? Ssly??  Khoobsurat, Kapoor and sons..he had kissing scenes in these movies...

Even Ajay devgan kissed in his movie shivaay...

Where is genelia

Where is alia, tiger, sara

She had kiss prabhas in bahubali

Ashwariya kissed hrittik roshan in Dhoom 2

Agar sare Actors hi mana krenge bold or kissing scene k liye to directer ko film banani hogi to uske bina b bana hi lenge Sahi ki nahi..?

Or samaj me bura asar b nahi padta

Agar actors or actresses hi bold scene krne k liye mana karde to bhi film chal sakti he

Why you have put thumbnail of tiger,alia and Sara.

The all had kissing scene without salman!

SRK did kiss on jab Harry met sejal

where is sara ali khan

Movies main kaise kiss Kar lete hain phir

Salman khan is best bollywood actor jinhone proof kiya hai ki filmey bina kissing scenes ke bhi hit ho sakti hai..

Ritesh is ture he doesn&#39;t kiss

Really!! Alia!!️

Tamanna kiss ram charan .....

Salman khan also had kissed Sonam in sawariya!!!Lol complete wrong information

Ali Zafar have kissing scene in London New York Paris movie

They had all kissing scence Except salman khan and sanakshi

Shahrukh and Ajay also giving a kissing scene so iss list mai enke naam Matt dalo

Put Imran Hasmir on the line

One and only salman khan

If some one think  that openly kissing is ok then what is the harm in openly pissing or shiting &amp;  ___king there is a main difference  between animal &amp; Humen , senceless animal have no sence of privacy  but a human is a sencible animal human has few things which they don&#39;t  shair to every one or anyone ,kissing   ,making love , going to toilet , changing dresses  are all private affairs. No matter u believe in any religion, God  or not  every one has the sence of privacy  and shame so performing  every thing openly is not wisdom keep all private  activities to one  person at a time

Wrong list It should only be salman

Alia bhatt is notin the video but u placed her picture there

Bobby and salman

Bhosadichya shivvay madhe tujya aai la kiss kelela ka

Where is katrina,  kareena and sharddha kapoor this three actresses are expert in kissing on screen....

Where is Katrina Kaif ?

Why you mentioned Fawad Khan? As far as I know he did kissing scenes in the movie &#39;Khoobsurat&#39; !

Fawad is in Lollywood

No kissing policy is good because sometimes girls don&#39;t want to kiss

I agree to them  keep it  up thats culture and tradition  respect  guys

But in Bahubali Tamanaa kiss bahubali son

Salman is real

Srk kisses kajols necked in K3G

I only open this video for Sara because I saw her picture

Fawad Khan kissed Alia Bhatt in Kapoor and son’s and he also kissed Sonam Kapoor in Koobsurat

All wrong information

Sali Tiger ki photo deke view barate hoo

Sk

Fawad khan kiss two in khbsoorat movie

Fawad khan kissed sonam kapoor in “khubsurat&quot;

It&#39;s good that they dont kiss.. One can watch porn movies if they want to get erotic. We watch Bollywood movies for entertainment.. It really becomes uncomfortable when we are with family and such scene comes. Even a comedy movie nowadays is risk to go watch with family, one never knows kab aisa koi scene aa jaye. There are many films which are loved by audience and super super hit without having such scenes

Fawad khan done kissing seen with alia bhatt in Kapor and Sons movie okk

Shilpa shetty is in most of the videos of hers ‍️.

Josh film Mai ash nay kiss Kya tha

Only slman khan

Sonakshi Sinha Has Done Kissing With Ranveer

i was a big fan of indian film but now I hate Indian film because of the bad things that they are make and it is very dangerous to watch it with children or family and very bad for Muslim to see  some indian film now old film are very interesting to see than films now.

I&#39;m also apart of this video I&#39;m proud of them who hate kissing screens

Baler news...sala view pawar jonno jotosob dhyamna pona....

I think except salman khan everyone had the kissing scene. Y did u include aishwarya and shilpa&#39;s  name in this video they had done kissing scenes many times

I like alia bhatt very much

Yes..ajay devgan&#39;s kiss ileana d cruz

hypocrisy, behind doors they cheat on their partners even foreplay on sex. religion does not allow sex before marriage, but they do so. but kissing looks a big sin or crime above all this. I call it hypocrisy, and you??????

Really?? They put aishwarya rai here!!!!

Only Salman Khan real I never seen him kissing onscreen

It’s their choice and we should respect it.

After watching srk, Ajay &amp; Aishwarya name I was starting think to that they&#39;re gonna put Imran hasmi in this list too

Only SK is real

Alia..and don&#39;t like kissing....BULSHIT

They earned my respect

Baki kato pata nahin par Ali Zafar kato Love you zindagi me dekha hai kiss karte hua ........

Right evn i say no fr kissing scenes without kisng film cn  bcm hit no worries

Why did you show tiger shroff picture when he was not in the video i watched this video for tiger shroff

Khy ap ny mubsoorat nahi dakhi

Ajay devgen has done kissing onscreen like the movie Badsaho and Shivaay

Emran hashmi also says NO to kiss on screen  LOL

Sara ali khan

Lol

U used  tiger shroff&#39;s pic for publicity  

Imran hashmi only

Jab harry meet sejal me shahrukh ne kissing ki ha

Ajay kissed in the movie de de pyaar de

Tamanna Bhatia my favourite actress

Only Salman don&#39;t  like kissing

This work .act . not really life what the big deal?childishness no kissing 

<a href="">0:45</a> the girl who is looking salman

How will they kiss their own children( their kids)?

Only  bhai... srf Salman Khan kissing nhi krta bs... love u bhai...Who love Salman



But ali zafar kissed alia bhatt in dear zindagi

Even, Tiger Shroff hates those stupid kissing scenes

Asin is my role model

Only Salman bhai is real ️

it is  all wrong except salman sab ne kiya h

Ashwairya already had kissed in film Josh with Co-star chandrachur  and also does in film kyun ho gya na with Co star vivek obroi.

Emraan fans like adi

Kissing and sex is not important to entertaining people Good  decision.... There life they can do what ever they want 

Aishwarya kissed Vivek oberoi too

Imran hasmi is also a good person. Bcz,he also Don&#39;t like onscreen kissing

Imran hasmi is also a good person. Bcz,he also Don&#39;t like onscreen kissing

King of kissing man emrrna hashim 

Srk ne kiss ki hai many Film mai

Tammana kissed Samantha&#39;s hubby in 100% love story watch the movie

Asin is talanted actress and She is sanskari also

Salman

Proud for all this actors thoughts

Ajay devgan kiss in shivay

I love Emraan Hashmi

talk about pakistani actor in India thank u

It&#39;s become very difficult when you watching a movie with your family  suddenly kissing seens comed

Sunil setty is my childhood crash

who would even want to kiss bobby

Homework thik SE karke video banao

Sonakshi also kiss ranvir Singh in lootera 

Fawad has Kissed Sonam and Alia 

Sonakshi is so beautiful and too good for me

Really proud that salman khan refused that stupid kissing scene

Ash ne kyu Ho gaya na?  Me Vivek K sath Kiss kiya hai...

Where is amrita rao?

So what?

Except salman all had kiss gandu jhoot kyu bolta hai

No name of Akshay Kumar 

Expert in kissing sence is not bad thing.

Kareena Kapoor is expert in kissing onscreen

Aishni Patel...ur right

Fawad khan with sonam kapoor   in khobsoorat

Aish has not kissed Ranbir

Lol they all had kissing scenes except Salman Khan 
