Wena rectm

basura....

Did you make this piece of shit yourself?

Fake

Might be the worst trailer ever.  Nah, there is no might.

1 more idiot post fake trailer. This kinda peoe should be banned by marvel. Idiot

I wish I failed this hard at life with so little effort. You&#39;re the taskmaster of trolling

If He put AT LEAST &quot;Fan Made&quot; That wouldnt be clickbait AND ALSO WHAT IS THIS THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH ETERNALS

Crap

this is fan made NOT official

Official?
Asshole

Is a big shed

you are fucking idiot.

Ass hole

Personally, I don't like Angelina Jolie, she has the same acting and the same attitude in all the movies.
Da fuck
Kontol

Officially Fan Made 
Stupid prick!

SORETEEEEE CON TODAS LAS LETRAS!!

bullshit

Stupid guys who want some view

Fake

Fuck off seymour

This trailer reminds me of a toilet sit.

Garbage

video trash
Lololol. Total bs

This is from a movie that Tom Cruise rejected because it resembled his character in Mission: Impossible; This video is about Agent Salt, the same name as the movie.
no adsense for you bro,
Who wrote the title is officially a son of a bitch

Why im watching this shit

O my fucking gawd. This looks awesome.  

Reeeepooooortaaaaaaaadoooooooooooo
This is definitely not how you gain subs or money. There&#39;s no point in keeping this video up.

REPORT

Official my balls
Asshole

moron...you are absolutely moron. idiot

Fakeeeeeeeeeeee

Stupid trailer
1/4

You dounce
everyon report this scam right now

you suck

Fake fake fake!!!!!!!!!!!

I disliked and reported this video.

what the fuck

he is a horrible man
Reported.
Chal noobre, ye to tatti hai

:))

What a bullshit video , i mean it&#39;s not even remotely entertaining or making and sense , just a strings of scenes being played back and Avengers stuff added in

Fake

fuck thiss shit

This so called channel just wants viewers he says he will delete but looks like it hasn&#39;t happened yet stop doing click bait and like everyone else says your title could get you in a lot of trouble

I am reporting for bull shit

Fuck you admin bullshit

Shame is not official trailer just for watch !!!!! SHAME ON YOU

This person does not deserve his or hers 494 subscribers

Reported
Don&#39;t put &quot;Official&quot; is its trash and not Offical

I wish the dickless losers would stop making clickbait

What is it?

This is the Endgame trailer... with Angelina Jolie

1) No.2) Fuck you inbred animal.

Fake

Fuck this dude

F u

Haha official says the guiri you hahaha
Bc Mc click bait
Added one one clip fake

You didn't have enough images
I hate fan made, there&#39;s nothing to do. Going to get a job

You should be ashamed of yourself for posting rubbish like that..fucking fake. Why don't you post your mother having a bad time
Naughty naughty naughty naughty naughty
Why do they do these types of crap...
Officially fake dnt wait peoples time

Imbecil...

starting music name?
No mamem what a request for time
LMFAO and a FYou

fake

it is not an oficial trailer, so dont put Oficial trailer.

Dude dont put oficial on the title

this is fake

There are good fake trailers (that I enjoy), bad fake trailers (that I ignore)... then there is this piece of crap.

The AJ clip looks like it&#39;s from Salt.

False advertising. I have flagged your channel and made a complain.

REPORTED!!!

FAKE!  FAKE!  FAKE!  FAKE!  FAKE!  FAKE!  FAKE!  FAKE!  FAKE!  FAKE!  FAKE!  FAKE!   Official your ass.
I agree

Reported: supports terrorism! this video makes me want to blow up a building! =P

fake

Now that&#39;s why u got 6.7k dislikes

Yeahh

Ok I Subs this channel, if you will delete

Just cause it&#39;s unofficial there is no need for nasty comments

Everyone should report bullshit like this

Seriously!?!!!

look i’m a fan of fan trailers but holy shit...this is bad

Podaaa loosu!
What the fuck

belmale
Click bait 
Is there acc a trailer

This is not an official trailer

Bullshit

Lets report this moron in the 3 points bellow the video

Jajajja
Fake hoax

Fake as fuck

Idiot

I rarely hit the dislike thing, since if I don&#39;t like it, I usually just move on.  In this instance, all I can say is &quot;what the hell&quot; and dislike.  Didn&#39;t  even finish watching.

totaly a fake when the end repeats like infinate

Best trailer hahaha
402 subs what else can you expect

You are nothing but a waste of time.

What a fucking trailer shit
CLICK BAIT!

Just to get views.

I hate it when idiots do stuff like this.

FAKE

I hate this fan made crap.Let people know please, it&#39;s polite and respectful.

Hahaha,

Not cool bruh
ASSHOLE

FAKE

It is fun made

Atyant Bakwaas
this is absolute trash

Go to the top right and report this b.s as misleading

nice job
report

Great Clickbait dide
It is said that 80% of the Eternals will be Angelina Jolie&#39;s character jumping from a train. I can&#39;t wait to see how many times she&#39;ll jump off!

What the f#%! Do you know the meaning of official trailer???

Based on that trailer, I wouldn&#39;t pay a cent to watch that movie.

Why putting official if it&#39;s fan made?

This is the first video Like are less Dislikes are more Shame on you

It&#39;s Endgame trailer mad fellow this is not official trailer from Marvel studios

fuckoff

You sick fuck!!!!
This is really shit made...

I knew it wasn&#39;t a official trailer but still enjoy the fan made trailers when done good.This was atrocious terrible horrible editing please don&#39;t do anymore I promise to subscribe and like if u don&#39;t put anything else out there for all are sakes.

Every day when you wake up and first open your eyes, in a righteous World, you would be punched in the face. Every. Single. Day.

Angelina Jolie fuck
Fuck you channel owner

This is babi

clickbait  ..!..
CLICKBAIT typical money hungry youtuber who would do anything for a click &amp; a view :D how broke are you? it rhymes

garbage

are you tring to fool every one and get likes but you won‌;t get

More fake than Jared Letos Joker

reported for misleading title.
Super

Fucking fake shit

This is no trailer

Like

what rubbish
This is bullshit. How do we report this channel? This video needs to be taken down. It&#39;s such an insult....

Fake crap, lying it&#39;s official... Reporting this!!!!

official trailer start from <a href="">1:41</a>....

Nothing

Fuck..this is not the official

Fool
Dick Move

Realistic Trailer

Some sound effects would be nice 

Poor Sucker. Get a Job!

5000 do not like it and keep going up on views lol

This is awful.

You are an idiot. Cai
Worst trailer of mcu

AJAJAJAAJAJAJ OFFICIAL.. SO SAD
Huan son
Terrible

fuckin scumbag
reported
Reported.  You&#39;re a dick.
Reported.. denounced
Blocked

FAKE TRAILER

I fucking hate these fan made bullshit trailers.

This is FAR from an official trailer for The Eternals film!!!  A waste of the viewer&#39;s time!!!

This is number One Bullshit

time to report this garbage dude and his fuking channnel

Angelina could be the new black widow but nothing more. Stop gender swapping and twisting everything omg! 

Dont just go lying to <a href="">people.do</a> something honest .

Please take this shit off!

WTF?!? Ripoff!

Clickbaitttttt

Fuck you prick
<a href="#">#</a> Everything you wanted to know about Eternals

Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck u
It&#39;s all lies. Not a real trailer, report video and channel.

seriously such a waste of my time.

Ffs if it is not official, don’t flipping put official in the title..nob heads!!!

Fuckyou Seymour studios,fuckyou!
Someone sue this nigga

Everytime marvel uses a well established actor/actress to star in a original film it turns to garbage....  Angelina Jolie has an attitude that does not suit well for the marvel&#39;s fan base.

saalo official trailer likh kar porani movie k scene kat kareve h...  waist of time me tumhe block karunga

I hope you get sued.

Why why .. Oh god why.. that music and the pointless cut scenes from random places.. god why please why 

Fake ass shit

Fake

This is NOT AN OFFICIAL TRAILER, just another wannabe prick teaser who thinks it’s funny to call their poorly cut shit something that it’s not. Or to put it a little clearer an absolute wanker!

dont subscribe to assholes

fuck you Hope you are in pain the rest of your life you lying sack of shit

Fuckin clickbait
Fuck sake

This is fucking fake. It&#39;s scenes from Salt end game and iron Man.

What the F*CK?

Really? I&#39;m flagging this.

Thanks for wasting my time.

Delete this video.

Clicktrash
Hey isn&#39;t that Angelina from Salt!?  Bamboozled!!!

You&#39;re a fucking loser! Hope maverl sues you
Another loser YouTuber.

Even for fan made, this is terrible.

This is so fake

Who edited this fake bullshit? Waste of time.

Wanker

Fake

Who ever edited this footage needs to lay off them drugs.

Well this was fuckin stupid.

if your IQ was slightly higher you might have actually gotten a lot of upvotes if you put the title &quot;fanmade&quot;. then people would have honored your work. now you  just prove to be a *****. disliked and reported.

Officially fake AF

Bloody its fan made

fake news with fake trailer

wtf is this bullshit

You son of a bitch!

Fuck. You.

Fake trash

I fucking  hate you gale trailer fucks

Maybe don’t put official in th title if it’s fake

Flag this video for misleading.

Fake

Why are you wasting my time?

Boo this crap... Boo

So stupid LOL 
Not official trailer. Just reported this. Hope others will, too so You Tube can take down this post and ban these fakers.

How is this not taken down @YouTube

not the &quot;official trailer&quot; at all.

Fuck you!

Who ever made this needs to find a better hobby.

Lol wtf is this shit

Terrible

Wtf 
This is some bullshat

FAKE

Wtf is this bitch????

click byte

Worst fan made trailer ever!
Pinche pendejo

I hate when assholes put up fake trailers,

Worst fan made trailer ever saw.
Wow what a talentless smuch who has to rely on clickbait for views

I reported all his videos 

I think this man is the greatest fool in the universe, he thinks that he had upload marvel eternal trailer , but instead he upload marvel end game . Either he must be an IDIOT or he have not seen Marvel end game yet ...

stupid page. pls unsubscribe

FAKE!

Clickbait title is one thing but shitty generic description?

scam

just report the vid as misleading

Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake Fake

Fuck u moron..
Fake

Look me......
Fake

This looks like s*** it just looks like Angelina Jolie just got her family to play in this movie

How to stop these sons of bitches from uploading more shit like this
Scammer, liar!
Click bait! Hate these People that lie about the video title

Fuckin wasted my time

The next guardians of the galaxy people?

This one is from the movie salt. Who are you trying to fool?

Real trailer starts at <a href="">1:40</a>

Seymour Studios suck it ...
tf is this

Eternals, starring Angelina Jolie, Angelina Jolie, Angelina Jolie, Angelina Jolie, Angelina Jolie, and Angelina Jolie.
holy crap! im so hyped

It&#39;s fake, just report the vid

Fake

Fake

fkin fanmade !Stupid troll !

100% fake

U liar
Pure pish!

fake news. take it down.

Idiootttssssss

This is fan trailer

Well this rise is bad, terrible.
This is crap from a wanna be trailer maker?   Go back to doing Tick tock

The whole &quot;trailer&quot; :angelina jolieangelina jolieangelina jolieYou knew there was angelina jolie ?

Worst &quot;OFFICIAL&quot; Trailer ever....
fucking click bait asshole reported
Your channel should be shut down... Such a bonehead for posting this junk.

This is garbage, Seymour....GARBAGE!!!!!

Reporting.

Dumb

Kuch b galat misleading title de rahe ho, please all who are visiting this, don&#39;t leave this video without reporting

So fake, so bad. So terribly bad lmao.

What a fake

Fakeeeee

report is done good bye~

Mr. Policeman right here this video

How does youtube allow this click bait shit still??????????

FAN MADE

Click bait. Not cool.
what a shit title..

Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!Fake! please report!

&quot;oficial trailer&quot; URUM  KKKKKKK BLZZZZZZ
Faaaaake, none of the Eternals are even shown. LMFAO Definitely not offical. Also Angeline Jolie is a blonde in Eternals not a brunette. There should be a law about misrepresented videos.

Somebody call Content Cop on this guy.

  this is snipets of all the other marvel movies.   Gtfoh official nothing.

Dude the theme literally from captain marvel 

It is false, there is no trailer, report it!!!
Click bait
Your the worst your such a liar

It&#39;s very fake and they put the theme from captain marvel

f a Keeee

son of bich

This is not a true you cheater

What's going on?
ac accc acccccccca cacaacacacacacacacacacacacaccacaccacaccccccccccccccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccccccccccccc
ac accc acccccccca cacaacacacacacacacacacacacaccacaccacaccccccccccccccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccccccccccccc
and and and acccccccc
ac baximmm

Down boouuuu
bu nediiiiii

Fake but not bad

The only think &quot;official&quot; is that you are an official jackass. CLICK BAIT SCAMMER

Wtf u wasted ur time u gay ball fuck stick.
This is hilariously dumb

Fake

Report video

Fake, fun made trailer with any movie not related with marverl

This is a joke

Do you know the meaning of official also, you have ruined the mood, you have been watching so much
Hahaha

wow.  sad dude...why ????
That&#39;s a trash movie posted by an idiot

please stop it

Your video sucks, you don't even know what to upload to the internet...and you upload stupid images that have nothing to do with the trailer
Let’s report this to youtube...

There goes your dislike, for Angelina Jolie!! :D

Report

So stupid I&#39;m reporting

Interestin because.............

What the hell

scam

It's a fake trailer...in no scene do the eternals appear...it's just a set of several movies...if you're going to do something...do it right
2020 november cool

you disapointed me

Cool

Nice Job

This is Super
