Cats and FABs - nyah! ^_^
ball oil ends. Ig sold nashara. The USA is in panic. valuables are growing.
my advice. Increase the impact on the weekend. Well that's my opinion.
hammer and hammer!!!!!!
I hope the oil pipelines to Turkey also need to be destroyed, the Turks are used to buying free oil from the IGs for pennies, we urgently need to cover this route, otherwise they screamed because of the VKS planes, allegedly violating NATO airspace
Is it possible to have a better quality video? It seems like the looted Christian monastery was filmed by drones, but nothing can be made out here
Why are some “suspicious” people? Explosion interference and &quot;imitation&quot; camera movements... Is this really a UAV? ...Not a satellite?
when are new videos?
soon the militants will understand the tactics and will hide in residential areas
where is the sound?
bombed
Fuck I will, this series delivers more than Game of Thrones
Losses of fuel and lubricants according to the Pentagon: three barrels of kerosene, three tanks of gasoline, and three cans of Vaseline. Oh, yes - a suede jacket, three.
hi

Russian Ministry of Defense track the dislikers!!! They are also in this cauldron!!!
A strike on a fuel and lubricants warehouse, some strange blow, or a name, or maybe they have fuel, in the sense of fuel and lubricants, they are not flammable. It should be more beautiful - boom-boom and flames....., but the accuracy of the hits is pleasing!
It’s a pity that our teacher, a retired major (....-2005), doesn’t see this. Uncle Pasha would be pleased.
What will happen if the &quot;poplar&quot; blow a rocket filled with an explosive, not a nuclear one?
The terrorists were killed by the Chinese! The Americans intercepted the pilots’ conversation: “Well, what the hell?”, “What the hell!”
Neat...
Fine
The video is again absolutely not informative, because the object is not visible before the explosion (why is there no detailed inspection before the explosion again?), and nothing can be made out after. This is some kind of nonsense, to be honest.
Is it possible to trim the video so that you can see the moment of the hit?
If only helicopters would still have cameras
ISIS is good at bombing!!
God, he feeds Putin
Do their people/ancestors make shawarma?
That's the whole economy, the dollar exchange rate and the price of oil... the main thing is to fuck it correctly and in the right place. Glory to Russia!
Subscribed to the MO channel, however)
Eeeh, I love this new series from the Ministry of Defense)
when is the next episode?
Fuel and lubricant warehouses don't burn like that. MO, post where you got it so that there is no talk :). I'm for ours, if so :)!
I’m wondering what IS itself says about the bombings.
some rockets  hit Iran?

What did Bush say? If you don't go to court, the court will come to you! (&quot;If you don&#39;t come to justice... the justice comes to you&quot; )
Here I am appealing to you, the Ministry of Defense, according to the assurances of terrorists, four helicopters burst into the village of Kafr Nbuda, only three are visible in the video, only two in others, only 5 videos are available, but damn they burst into the center, there are militants everywhere on the flanks from the high-rises , and thank God that they didn’t have ZU23-2, otherwise it would have been extreme for our aces, turntable maneuvers are peculiar to our school, very dangerous and cool, in WWI in some cases! Handsome pilots! And one thing is not clear, why didn’t Sushki come to treat the high-rise buildings and the settlement itself? There are no locals or civilians there, there are militants! There are already a lot of videos! Monitor youtube! I have already found a lot of things for the group! In general, good luck guys, we are rooting for you and believe in YOU!
Now I understand how they will destroy the junta
beauty)
I understand everything about the operations of the Russian Aerospace Forces, but why not install the 2S4 "Tulip" SAR? from the Reserve? Why can’t we install TOS-1 “Sunshine”? Why is it impossible to install the 9K57 Uragan MLRS? to the edge, not to mention the 9K58 Smerch MLRS? The question is open and the key to it is money... Well, is it possible to agree with the SAR government on the long term, on naval and air bases, on contracts for the restoration of the country and oil and gas? Why doesn’t the Russian Aerospace Forces use ODABs? Why don’t they use the so-called AVBPPM? After all, then all the money will be returned on mutually beneficial terms! I would gladly join a fine battalion of the Russian Armed Forces in Syria! Gentlemen from Moscow Region, save money! Why do Mi-24P fly over Kafr Nbuda, and not Mi-35??? Iraq is brand new, but they themselves are relatively old! Well, you have a team there, you know better! Good luck guys! Patriots are with you! P.S. I have a lot of thoughts, but you know better!
oh good. wonderfully simple. hang in there, Asadushka. There are still a lot of old bombs in warehouses, we dispose of them all using the caps of oppositionists
<b>=GUYS, THE TRUCK WITH LIKES HAS APPROACHED, SHOULD YOU UNLOAD?=</b>
How accurately they hit, well done!
A couple more of these videos and YouTube will send you a silver button))
my 1001 likes, and bearded men have no bizin. what a good start to the evening :)))
bay bay...

Ahaha, oil has really gone up in price)) I looked on Yandex +2.57%
counter terrorist win

To be honest, I don’t understand how the Syrian army fights. okay, the technology is old, it’s clear. Well, why do they act in groups of several people, then one tank or another everywhere they act almost alone without cover. They will be destroyed in sheer numbers.
Yes. a couple of dozen missiles now need to be poisoned from a submarine by these devils
The Russian people are boorish." - Mikhail Bulgakov, “The Russian people do not have a hint of creative ability.” - G. Uspensky. “Russians are a people who hate freedom, deify slavery, love shackles on their hands and feet, love their bloody despots, do not feel any beauty, are dirty physically and morally, live for centuries in darkness, obscurantism, and don’t even lift a finger moved towards something human, but always ready to captivate, to oppress everyone and everything, the whole world. This is not a people, but a historical curse of humanity” - I.S. Shmelev. “A people indifferent to the least duty, to the least justice, to the least truth, a people that does not recognize human dignity, that does not fully recognize either a free person or a free thought.” (The people who are indifferent to the least of obligations, to the least of fairness, to the least of truth... the people who do not recognize human dignity, who entirely defy a free man and a free thought.) - Alexander Pushkin
Thank you, God, that I am not ISIL!
GOOD OIL WILL SOAR IF YOU HIT SAUDI ARABIA. MINISTRY NOTE THIS OPTION CAN BE ACHIEVED AT $150-200 PER BAREL
I have secret information from a reliable source about ISIS’s fuel and lubricants warehouse in Saudi Arabia, info - hundreds.
Hit them with Poplar or Mace please. Thank you.
If only they could improve the picture quality and it would be great :D
Explosions of incredible power, like a nuclear bomb went off
“A blow to the fuel and lubricants warehouse” The lubricant was destroyed in vain. ISIS will need the lubricant. It will be very useful.
If you look closely, you can see how burning severed asses wrapped in lard fly away at the places of explosions (at about 8-9 seconds). It's difficult to see, but possible.
It’s clear with flammable materials - I agree, but why touch lubricants!? How are they without them now?!
I smell oil prices going up...
We are eager for a solution, we are going to fight in order to give the land in Damascus to Assad. In fact, does it really matter? - We didn’t care about Bashar, but it’s important for us to move the global army, leave the crony house, go to war. Other people's affairs beckon behind the fog. Again, Russia is small for Russians. You may be a paralytic in your native country, but you are a geopolitician in everything outside. Having always been hostile to overseas guests, we bring freedom to other volosts, but, by the providence of God, we are squeezed into a handful, we just cannot bring it to ourselves. Grenada-Grenada, Angola, Donbass... How it should be, how it should be - we know for you! Oh, a marvelous craft: from the Russian heights there is a continuous worldwide exodus. A detachment of big-headed people - a significant part - says goodbye hastily: off to America! And many go to Kyiv. And someone to Beijing. In Paris Guriev (Sorry, guess what!). It’s time for the elite to find homes for the wolf cubs... “Get out, get out!” - some shout, but they themselves go - to Lugansk and Donetsk - so that they can finally raise the Russian flag. I will say through force, carrying tears, that Russia cannot be established in Russia. Sometimes they decide to make it cozy, but they always get in the way, they always don’t give it. There are potholes everywhere and the smell of war. It seemed like it was time, with the oil boom, to correct your image, to save your honor... The Tambov region* exists in the Fatherland, with potatoes, okroshka, matting, but I’m still afraid that you can’t save it by bombing. Don’t wait for an emergency, dear black soil. After all, besides bombing, what can we do? In shock, in a frenzy, trampling on the enemy, the usual hari in any iron are calling you to war, yelling at the world: “Russia has returned to the big game!” Having internalized lies and corruption in everything, what value do we bring to the planet? And what are we rich in and what are we good at? Let’s answer - “Almaty”, plus “Kalash”... And most importantly - brotherhood. We immediately rush to get into the next mode. It’s a cool job, a powerful one—to save someone from bullying and oppression. All people are our brothers, without any “Why?!” I long to gather them under our hand. We carry this curse on our backs, because we are not our own brothers. (I could, of course, say “on the hump”, and the rhyme would come out on “themselves”, but a crooked rhyme is no longer important when a world war looms. We have found ourselves in a breakthrough. Isn’t it the Last Judgment? I thought that rhymes someone will be saved, preserving the harmony of the world as much as possible, saving me from the plague feast. Now I see, smoking lightly: it is pointless to squeeze the slurry in a fist).The neighboring distances are burning, smoking - we are moving further away, we need Damascus, we need Grenada , and then there is Brussels - we don’t need ourselves, we are eager to leave. I don’t know, dear, what the hell you’re waiting for, rotting. Who needs you? To the arrogant neighbors, foreign tribes, Arabs, Chinese? Certainly not for us. What other turmoil will our stripped, shoeless, blown-out landscape respond to? The spaces are crying like a hundred bores. They leave their own people, they curse others - under the yoke of decay, under the thickness of lies Nenada, Nenada, my Nenada. Dmitry Bykov.
The picture quality is complete SHIT gentlemen! It’s the 21st century and it’s like you’re filming something from the 19th century. A shame.
any video is a song.
=GOOD AND POSITIVE CHANNEL =
Congratulations to Russia and its army for their intervention... greetings from Colombia Congratulations to Russia and their army for the great intervention on Syria...My best wishes from Colombia
How about fucking with a drone? :)
Counter-Terrorists Win

Didn't you hit it? Or is the lead wrong? It’s just that if this was a fuel and lubricants warehouse, my mother wouldn’t burn.
The Pentagon is already counting))) Three tape recorders, three foreign movie cameras, three domestic cigarette cases, a suede jacket... three jackets... (c)
They were sure that Sergei Guzhegetovich would not come and then there was a fireworks display in honor of the GDP 63 holiday. Congratulations
And here the fuel additive has arrived. )
And here the fuel additive has arrived. )
Who is in favor of being hit from a submarine!!! Like it.
KHAN EL ASAL is located next to Aleppo on the map, although ISIS is not here. <a href="">
Will there be a video of the missiles hitting?
That feeling when you want ISIS to not end, because the series is turning out well.
Tera thought they were the smartest - they hid the equipment in residential areas and forgot about fuel and lubricants! Wow)
We need to write a petition to the Moscow Region to get the ODAB-9000 removed
oh, what small pieces! Well, where is your Ippolit? Ippoli-i-i-t!
hello Russia!! greatings from Greece

And I think that oil has been growing in recent days.........now it’s clear..... a request to our pilots, is it possible to set fire to some kind of oil terminal near the Saudis?
WE are here
MASHALLAH YOMAYO! =)
=GOOD WELL!!!=
I don't understand why the camera is shaking? It is removed from a UAV... please explain.
Russia began to fulfill its destiny in this world.
Good toastmaster, and the competitions are interesting!
these videos are like a drug dose for me. I'll wait until tomorrow...
Russia is no joke!
I've been waiting all day
Handsome guys!
