For every wish fulfilled, our parents have sacrificed their needs. Let&#39;s be sensible and ask for less. :)SHARE this with your loved ones.Keep Sharing, Keep Loving!

Love you maa
This recommended me after 5 yrs and I cry

Bro men are sad that they are the ones who don't have a father
array bahi comedy dekhnay aaya tha rule diya
<b>Bhuwan, Tussi great ho yaar...</b> 
Real influencer

THANKS DAD

<a href="">2:25</a>

I remembered Dono bhete garam from dhindore

<a href="">1:00</a> My father never spoke like this 
My mom dad is also Full filling my all wishes To Go before there budget and Necessity

I have been watching videos on this channel since many days but today I am getting the best video of this channel.
Iam big fan of bb

Made me cry 
Eyes filled full of tears 

<a href="">2:40</a> That background sound &quot;aeee bhauji &quot; -: Wear earphone tabhi sunai dega

Bb your videos helps me a lot to relax when I was upset yesterday

Love you bb
Learn to laugh, teach to cry and understand too... love you BB...!
I really am unable to show my love to my father but there&#39;s never been a second in my life tha I wish to just go hug him soo tightly saying all the things and emotions I have for him thanking him for all the demands I made how he handled my sensitive nature Every day I wish I can just say that I love you my dear father I know I can&#39;t do anything to repay for what you have done for me how much you have sacrificed for me how hard you work for me But everytime I see you smile and proud by so small things that I do then that makes me realize that if it&#39;s possible I&#39;m willing to give my life for that smile I know I can&#39;t say anything to him even tho I want to but tho the day comes and I&#39;ll say it as many times as I can yes you deserve a better son and yes this bastard of a son love you with all his heart I love you dad

Sir love you ...The script of the app is an emotion that makes the heart...Or once sir, today I found out the secret of the success of the app...Love you sir...
That's why it has come so far that I have ruled today 
&quot;Chocolate thodi mehengi ho gyi hai&quot; broke everyone

Bhuvan please make these kind of videos again 

You changed every person life!  Love You Bhubam 
MR. Bablo jii 
W

Every father is not like you, bablu uncle
I love this man️

Respect brother 

One of the Best video bb,

Bhai this video ne dil jeet le yarr 
Salute hai bhai

just seen this video and mere ankho me ansu aa gye

Today I am making a promise, you all don&#39;t know me right now but in coming years everyone will remember my name.

She has come, she has ruled.....
heart touching bro

Dad Will be dad love u dad
Nice video 
I wish my parents were like this too
this is the reason why bb is so special rather from other INFLUENCERS

BB ur great

Dil Chu Liya
We don&#39;t know how and what  to sacrifice any thing for study 

<a href="">0:49</a> Truth Of Every Middle-class Dad

All Dads are same

BB isnt  like other YouTubers who just make funny videos, with funny videos sometimes he make us cry too

Love you bro really nice story real life

FREE PALESTINE

bhai ase emotional nai karna tha

In only three minutes he made me feel so many emotions damn

This was the best from bhuwan bam

This was soooo wholesome

Brother, you can also rule, you are great 
Love you papa ️
This is only video  which I like most on YouTube 

deep

Mamaa papa is tha best of universe 

Bhai emotional videos to alag hi level par banate ho 

im not crying

Best
I am literally having tears in my eyes ️

Bhai
Same year ️
Just wow

Bruh this one.

Love your heart
It is called a father 

cant relate lol
Acting bruh!!! 
Bhai
True

It got me real crying

Ram Ram, Dil Jeet Leea Jete Raho son speak Marathi May all the wishes of Kuldaivat Bhuvan be fulfilled by the grace of mother Jagdamba May you have good health and a long life May the grace of Sri Gurudev Dutt Prabhu be upon you always
Only bhuvan bhaiya can make us laugh and cry at the same time...Salute to this legend

Brother, I made you cry today but I felt very sad
This video has proved that mother is better than father and there is no more love U BB bhai


 sorry dad 
<a href="">1:10</a> <a href="">1:12</a>

Rua doya Bhai 
Bhai to be honest na mere papa ne mereko aj tak kisi cheez ke liye mana nahi kiya and i think i didnt deserve a man like him to be my dad as bhuban sayed chadar kabhi choti padne nahi di but i was never able to live upto his expectations sometimes i think that iam just not worthy of being son of such a great man but i promise dad i will make you proud some day 

6 months ki zid pe ade rehne k bad muje meri pehli bike mili. Ek 2nd hand royal enfield 500. 11th and 12th me mai fail hua. Pr papa ko itna kuch sacrifice karte hue mujse dekha nahi gaya. Aaj me ye message Gujarat ki best Mechanical institute The M.S. University se likh raha hu. N.I.O.S. ki exam hai 3 days me. Fir Gujarat ki one of the best College P.D.E.U me jaunga. Papa ka sapna pura karne ke liye chahe kuch bhi karna pade. Unko kabhi bhi akela feel nahi karne dunga. One of the best Mechanical Engineer banke ek bade se stage par jakar pure desh ko bataunga ki ye mere Papa hai.

Believe me brother, I watch his videos every day while having dinner. Every video has been viewed many times. But even the videos never get old to me

OMGBb I love you brother ️God bless you

Now I&#39;m starting to understand how you managed to get 26.3 M subscribes Love from Bangladesh ️

That &#39;chocolate thori mehengi ho geyi &#39; line made me cry

I am speechless, just a line of tears come from my eyes  thanks bb for motivating me towards my goal with this amazing video with a deep meaning which teaches me how much my parents importance in my life  thank you 

Shitttt..... This is a royal stag movie ... cute and adorable parents . Even my mom does it for me.. I&#39;m lucky

I have never seen such a youtuber anywhere...bhuvan, so good One of my favorite persons 
Why relatively less views , share it everyone ! 

Amazing yrr , at a moment I got tears , just loved it 

Best message for everyone 

Love you bro

Im literally in tears and crying when I realised that this is my parents&#39;  situation

Yes..BB!
Happy father&#39;s day to that hero who always fulfilled my wishes 

The best video of bb I ever seen 

Related by my dad bro 
Kgf ne chadaar vali dialogue churaliya
See the sacrifices made by our parents

Sir great messageThankyou 

Heart&#39;touching video 
What I said means whoever has written the scripts of the video, I salute you from my heart salute Bhuvan Ban Vai From Bangladesh
Good one bro.... No words
Right
Bhovan sir Subscribe late kya uske lye sorry but fane bahut bara hun koi hi episode rehtahai jo reh jata hai apka but i really miss my dad covid mai main akela hogaya but apne true kaha aaj meri 2 daughters hain and i feel unki hasrat kaiase poori karta hun coz khud ek dad hun thanx apne aisa content creat kya jisse sab ki ankhain khul jayen and thanx k hope so aap is comment ko zaroor read karain

I felt it bro 
That line &#39; Bas chocolate thodi mahengi ho gai &#39;  u make me cry boss

So deep 
Love you papa
Same my parents 
Is bande ki har video me minimum 50 bar dekh chuka pr ab bhi bore nhi hota hamesha entertainment k liye bb ki videos lagata hn Love his efforts from Pakistan

Heart touching 

Bhaiya but only to mom and dad since childhood 
Kaas sab ke pitaa eshe hote.....
Last line - choclate thodi mehngi hogyi represent condition that the  at present the needs of children increase 

But Bablu ji, your father stole a bad habit for you which was not good for him but for the family, but this bonus is very important for your family, is it right to steal it?
Gods living among humans &quot;mom and dad&quot;

Yaar BB bhai Dil Jeet liya apne
He is too good yaar Itni sahi performance hai sab kuch perfect tha

Sir you are my super hero
Brother, I have been watching this video for the past 5 years and at that time I did not even think about the society I was in. Now when I watch this video, I have seen the deep meaning of the society.
One of the rare videos I have ever seen from &quot;BBKV&quot;

Every time you click on like button, you will get more knmh.
Everybody likes mom and dad but only a few people see it 
BRO YOU ARE A LEGAND
<a href="">2:01</a> was best

this guy can make us laugh, this guy can make us cry

HMMM JAISE GEN Z K BACHE TO BHOT MANGTE HAI AB KARO 90S 90S ATLEAST GEN Z WALE BACHE SAMAJH JATE HAI KITNI LAMBI CHADAR HAI APNE PARENTS KI

Man you touched my heart and I regret watching this video this late

Chocolates  thodi mehagi ho gayi ni .......litraliy break my hearts  ....

Parents 
Best Ever

Who laughed and made us cry There is no one like our BB 
BB please make these types of videos more.

So true bro

Yes Bhaiyaa GGG that TRUE sacrifice they do because they wanted to watch that aur son and daughter are happy know so that&#39;s why they keep sacrifice continuously continuously

Bb made me cry when I saw him. Bhai ek dam mast 
️️️Lots Of Love To Parents
My father is a politician, owner of a petrol pump, owner of 45 hectares, owner of 4 villages, but still till today he has not worn a shirt.
this is a most Head teaching vedio

&quot;It is said that the longer the sheet is, the more it should be spread in pairs, but my father never spread the smaller sheets in pairs and he would spread the sheets in long pairs&quot;. Touched by this line
Vai tumne to ruladiya....

after watching this video... I am feeling proud that I have bought a laptop with my own money... I did not ask for it from my father... I know it will seem childish to all the people, but it is too much for me... because I know That I did not insist on this to my father.
<a href="">2:07</a> chaddad line was emotional

Love you my parents

it is absolutely true
Yeah I had a laptop which was broken and I needed it for my studies but my parents didn&#39;t do anything to repair it,not every parent is taking care of their children

Amazing 
5 Years,same feeling ,same tears
Tum God ho sir

Yes they sacrifice their needs until they are a business man 

That has a really deep meaning no matter what our parents will there to give us shelter and to fulfill our needs/demands. That&#39;s why I&#39;ll say while your parents are here love them and respect them because once there are gone from then you&#39;re all alone in this world no one to give you shelter or fulfill your demand&#39;s

Family is everything no one is important 

<a href="">2:55</a> And thats why it&#39;s our duty to give them what they always deserved when we become successful after all its the least we can do for them

Master peace ️
No one is better than mother and father ️
&quot;Chocolate thodi mehangi ho gyi nhi&quot; 

My parents sacrifices my wish to fullfill their 

Babloo ji is best papa in the world

Every line hit hard of Bablu ji

This video made me emotional
Father  
I miss you so much papa  i lost him when i was just Five Years 

Anyone Here 2023
I cried yaarr isn't it tohhh
Always  smiles for bb ki vines old videos 

This content will be always funny for bb ki vine

I didn&#39;t knew that bhuvan will make us cry one day

️fun is important for our health

First time tumchya videos ne radavla ha..Lastcha 1 minute khup manala lagnara hota..dolyat aasu aale. .. aai baba aaplyasathi khup mehnat kartat
<a href="">2:30</a>

 this was emotional 

This happens only for boys bro or what about girls?
Only middle class parents can relate to it

I love you mera bhai
Sir as Rula
This is my same my story boos 

Total bollywood in one...Mr. BB.... Love from Bangladesh

Fathers are really the best. “ pita ek esa vyakti hota hai jise apne se jyada apni santan se lgav hota hai ” 

And to think all these characters are BB just shows what a great person he must be in reality

Brother everyone can't ask for anything 
That last line is enough to make a grown man cry 

Heart touching bro....

Bhai touched my heart 
Best message of all children 

truth

Emotional kr diya

Lots of love to this video 

Babloo denim.ki.shirt phnne
Brother, you made such a rule 
So emotional
Brother, you have killed me because of my mother and father.
But if you ask me then you will get good marks and I will never get good marks.
Love this 

I miss my father. Whatever thing I wanted, my father gave it to me. Today I am working, but he is not with me. Miss you baba.
Wow yaar
2023

Without any comedy but heart touching video 

Heart touching video 
As soon as I see your video. See hutni
This is the difference between a youtuber and a influencer 

Maa baap ho to aisi!!! 

Legend watch in 2023

Turns out Bhuvan eavesdropped on bablu ji when saying this so with the new laptop he started a youtube channel and became so successful now he has his own series, tv show, songs, and he’s even on Kapil sharma show now. Your Aai Baba are really proud of you brother ️ stay happy always

Really bro

Really bro

Man️
Very relatable

true talk
each and every scene here gives a lesson 

The real meaning of this video is really too deep ️

This is amazing video bhaiya !!I really loved this video  heart touching video ️ brother!!you are really such a amazing video maker bhai ️

Yrrrr shi m it&#39;s my first comment on your channel u r just amazing ️... parents are everything...️...
This made me emotional Bat to sahi hai 

Re bhouji koi bola hai 

This is the BEST VIDEO

Apni yad aagyi kaise mere papa ne mujhe bhut mehnat k bad laptop dilaya tha.......

Real life Santa Claus are parents...️️
Brother what is the meaning of this video?
Dill vari kardia is episode mai ap vuban vaia....

Agar is video ko mere papa dekhle to mujhe ghr se alag na rehna pade apne Entreprenuer bnne ki journey mai akela hu koi support ni krta sb kuch akele hi krra hu bhuwan bhai really heart touching video

So emotional bhai
Who is watching this in 2023 Febuary

So cute father n mom

<a href="">2:33</a> 
I love you Bhai

Parents are the most precious thing which God has gifted uss

Chocolate thodi mehengi ho gayithese line hits so hard
Wonderful
The day I fulfill my parents dream I will use this video to show all the world that what my parents have sacrificed for me 

Heart touching

cried......

This is the reason why people love BB.He has magic in his video,... With a valuable message at the end.

I love you papa 
true words
Excellent excellent BB u r great great
Heart touching 

I wish i could fulfil every wish of my Parents 

Why is this too relatable for our parents ? 

love you mom and dad

Ab jaake us chocolate ki kitmat ka ehsaas hota h jab apne bhache kuch mangte h

You are not watching this first time 

BB&#39;s videos are combination of comedy and social messageHats off to this man

I am crying  bro ️
Perfect bb’s title “ THE SACRIFICE ”
I cried bhuvam bhaiya tumne to
Every Father Love His Son...  You See What you need. Father See What Family Need.Father Never Say You Handle my business Bcoz he know the stress of his business. ...Father suffer from a Rough Way.But He Always Try to Smooth Your way.  - Father Always See With a Smile But Inside  He only Know His Pain His Stress

That&#39;s my first time to note my mistakes ,

Took the laptop for necessity but why was it necessary to watch BBC?
Ab isi laptop ki sari button fameer chipkayga 

Aaj Dad ki Barsi par yeh video dekhne ke baad unki yaad aagyi Feels like he was watching with me

This things inspires us ...nowadays generation...sur ek e rehta hain sirf yantra badalte hain..hum bhi suna payenge hamare bacho ko, ki hamare jamane meh bhuban bam huwa karta tha

Chocolate should not be a little expensive  this is a line which is a true statement of life for us middle and lower middle class.
i am crying bro seriously

Chocolate is a little expensive️️️
BB is emotion️



(In This Story With Lesson)Apke Pitaji Ka Sacrifices Worthy Tha.. Apke Wajah Se Unka Ek Budi Aadat Chutt Gayi.. Which Was Good For His Own Health Too.. &amp; I Really Appreciate This Frm Ur Perspective..Bt, When It&#39;s Turn On U As A Father Then It&#39;s Literally Called &quot;REAL SACRIFICE FOR  CHILDREN&quot;.. Bt, Thing Is That How Much Ur Children Is Worthy Of This Sacrifices Frm Their Parents..*SACRIFICES IS ONLY WORTHY WHEN IT RETURNS/GIVES U BACK SOMETHING FRUITFUL IN OUR LIFE..THAT SHOULD BE CALLED AS A GOOD INVESTMENTBt.. Apka Sacrifice Bass Pani Mein Na Jaye Coz, Apka Beta To Bohat Bada... (Relax.. I&#39;m Talking Abt Nowadays Worthless Children In General Who Really Don&#39;t Give A Damn FK Of Their Parents &quot;Emotional &amp; Meterial Investments &amp; Sacrifices&quot;.. Today&#39;s Children Are Jst DEAD IN THEIR MORALS &amp; SENSITIVE GROUND..)

BB LOVE YOU BHAIYA️
Love it...its a pure act 

I feel better in my heart
BB love you from Pakistan man️🇵🇰
Thanks For This

The best video of BB ever 

Today bhuvan parent&#39;s are not there stay strong bhai love you

Goosebumps on the way bro.heads up to you bb.

Op

Literally I&#39;m in tears after watching this.....Every parents sacrifices a lot for their child to have a better life and we should always be thankful to them what they had done for us....Love u Mom and Dad

Papa is very frank, but mummy doesn't listen to me. Only his people live in the house. I never wanted a laptop or chocolate. I want to follow my passion, but even those people don't listen to those people.  That's why only one video has been uploaded on this channel, no second video will be made... Pata nahi 
Miss you Abbu ️
True

This guy is a legend! From making us laugh to giving us a life lesson he is amazing!

One of the best video of all time in YouTube history

This will teach you how to suck father's childhood.
Shi bat h ,
Bhuvan's father be like - the proverb of the bus will be changed.
Brother made me cry
Stop making us cry, Bhuvan Bam.
Very deep

best best bestttttt
Bhai angry masterji when to upload kero ge
Me who cannot ask even 10 rupees choclate

Watching this video in 2023 from nepal and after that incident Hope every nepali know that incident Father the real life super heros

<a href="">2:10</a>

True..

This video always make me cry.

Ff

Heart touching  line
I don&#39;t have parents  i feel it
kon kon iss video ko dekhne ke baad subscribe kiye ho

Best video

yoareright

watching it the nth time again but still the line &quot;chocolate thodi mehengi pad gayi na &quot; Hits me very hard

 It is true that all children never feel anything.
Heart touching video

Love you bhubu... God bless you

Every middle class family story
Brother, in the background, there is no one who knows me.
You have such morality in your videos.. Today I don't find such morality in school books, which is a reality.. I have been teaching this for 21 years in my time but I have not made it clear to you. From reality.. Saab koi cls 5 6 se apna marks nd grades ki main karte hain.. tha saab realization aap kahi ki video hai.
Okk

These video realised me we say any thing they brought us

Love you sir ️️. 
Hasata he wahi wahi he rulata
Only vide can share to family 

Today I watched your video for the first time to know what parents do for their children bro ️️️love you ️️️
Bhuwan bhaiya has taken bath?
These children should understand that I have also done a lot of stupidity 
Papa is legend of legend️️️
literally bhut deep feeling aa jati hai inke video dekh ke .ya bro this line hit hardChocolate thodi mehengi hogyi nai?.

&quot;Meri etni si zid kaliya, unhona etni badi aadat chor di&quot; hits hard  <a href="">1:55</a>
I came to know that the message will go further and further. If you get my message then you will say yes to me.
If I do anything in my life, I will become your star. Thanku Bhai ap ke video kale a.️️️️️️️️️
This video inspired me. Now you have sent your message, now I can see your message again.
Brother, I am a big fan of yours.
Bhai

Made me cry BB...
one man army brother

Bb, you are the only one who can either make us laugh or make us learn something ️
This video hits very hard every time when I see 

Everyone sees mothers love but no one sees fathers sacrifice  love you daddy ️

So sed story

Emotional 

Love you भाई
<a href="">2:49</a> his smile 

Heart touching video love u

Legend are watching in 2022

Honestly I had never seen a content like thisBB is a great influencer ️️

Great
Everyone's father is not like this.
Buvan bhai turned dil jeep Liya 
Nice video bhiya
Sacrifice  for us
Love you Dad
tears

The things that your parents have done for you no one do for u

For the last 6 days, brother, I have been watching your video and I have made you cry in my video.
&quot;Mere pitaji ne wo chadar kabhi choti padni hi nhi di&quot; This line describes the love of our parents for us ️️Watching this after 4 years still it melts me 

Now its relatable to you also &lt;3 bb buddy

This Man has the ability to make us laugh and cryLove u Brother

Best youtuber in the worldBb can make us cry happy smile anything  Feeling GREAT to have a youtuber like bb in our country 🇮🇳

I advice you to watch this video dialy so you can find some love pf you parents

Bb bhai ️ I learned from your video that I should respect my father and will try to talk to my father️
Brother, watch this video seriously and tell me that I love my heart a lot.
Whatever we do for our parents it will never be enough for what our parents have done for us. Always talk to them, understand what they feel and keep them happy as long as they are here for us. I love my parents. Thanks Bhuvan for strengthening my belief.

The Sacrifice

1.8 crore

1.2 lakh

in 2022 when Bhuvan&#39;s parents are no more, this video has became memorable for all of us.

Kab tak hamare papa hi hamare liye kuch krenge ab wqt hai hmme kuch krne ka

Salute 
Good one!!

nice vido 
This video is very emotional ️

Fucking feeling it ️
Some fathers are selfish they don&#39;t care about thier family ️



Thanku you papa
Bhai baat Dil Ko chhu gai love u bhai
No word&#39;s


Mare ma bap se agar ma laptop maiguiga to fir mujhe chappal fhake ka mareiga

Bhai heart teaching yaar
Bro mast video banaya he yaar
Everyone has that true father but not everyone has that son 
In such a situation, who asks for a laptop from his father? I don't want to understand, aaraha
Wow brother, I have become a fan of your app and I am also making videos like you. I am your copy brother.
Super bhai I love my father

There are two messages from this video— first one is that our parents sacrifice their own dreams for us and the second is we should never ask for things which we really don&#39;t need like in this video bhuvan was asking for new laptop for playing games and other things which is not good at all and will just put a burden on the parents. So always try to avoid it and buy anything when you are able to earn.

what a bath 
MOM N DAD NEVER SAY NO ️️
We are the ones from whom even that much can be asked.
I was leterraly crying because now days i asking gear cycle from my dad

BB it was great msg from parent to all childs .....ur always on top tq.

A drop of tears !!

So good

Bedsheet can also be used
Love you always bb yr and all parents including myself

Friend, no such matter has ever come before me but still this video made me emotional. ALLAH Bless me and everyone's mother 
Love you 
Great 
Awesome video

<a href="">2:10</a> Bhai these words touch everyone&#39;s hearts

Nice

Sir aankh me anshu aa gue️
goosebumps on every line

What kind of charity do you have? Unain feelings dilaya ki ki chaad ki ki paon ki paon hai should be spread.
Much love bhai 
This pain can understand only middle class family 

Chocolate thodi mehngi ho gyi hai that hit hard 



<a href="">2:01</a> best line!!
Bhuvan, can make us laugh and cry at the same time. Love you

Allah tume kamyab kary
I love u yaaar
Right thing bhai bb ji

It hearts 
Iam having tears in my eyes.

Bhuvan is really one of the best creators of all time 

The way you explain it is wonderful 

Lovely great bb bhai

We all wish to have a dad like him

Heart melted 
These type of videos hits hard

The house never insists on something that we cannot afford, it is the only thing we are proud of.
Bhuvan Bhai I love my heart my dear 
I have seen this video almost 50 times! Best video on yt️

Wow yarrr had vedeo hi apki pehli vedeo hi yi jo itni emotional emotional hi love bai
Emotional damage

Chocolate thodi mehengi ho gayi 

I should  think twice before saying something to my mom and dad 

Right brooo.
This one is really heart touching...... Love you my dear parents

BB make me funny and emotional ️.Love you BB 

BB u are the real man

This content hits hard

Chocolate thodi mehenge hogye nahi....hit me very deeply

Love you bhai 
I think that bb can make us laugh but your this video has make me cry

True emotions 

No matter how many more times I watched it, but still it feels new and emotional.

Fun fact: This video is started with Zomato ad.

<a href="">2:10</a> to <a href="">2:40</a> strong goosebumps

Why will you cry brother 
You are such a great man

Bro......
Brother, you have more than 2m subscribers because you never asked me to subscribe.
At <a href="">1:00</a>

Brother, I have seen every video of yours but in this video I have not seen my heart and favorite line. We are the ones we can ask for &quot;
Best one ️
Love Your Parents God Bless You ️Love From Assam ️
Lauda Essa Hamare Saath Hota toh aaj zindagi alag hi level pr hoti
My parents are not same but i promise myself that i will never become like my cruel dad 

Just not every parents are like that specially my cruel dad

Sahi said brother papa a lot has happened 
chocolate thodi mehangi ho gayi 

I love bb I started making videos like you You are my inspiration One day we will meet together

I got a low end 1gb ram tablet in an exam as a reward i am using it till now its been 2+ years and that too of lockdown did all online studies and chill and everything on this tab now when i haved passed out from school and i will require a new mobile with higher specs now i am asking for it even though my family could have easily afford it. I feel lucky that atleast i have got a bit  mature in terms of handling money and still growing in differentiating between needs and wants

Not everyone's father is the same
Who is watching this video in 2022 ....Write love you mom dad....

bb can make you Laugh and make you shed tears 



I made you emotional brother
BB is the true definition of an influencer, and this is one of the many proofs.

Chocolate 
Parents always sacrifice for own 

Asa papa hoto or Kaya cahia
Heart touching

I have never had a father since childhood but I hope that when I become a father, I will feel like this.
Ur video ️
so true

Love you bhai

Is this comedy?? Third class pravachan..

Yar best video ever watched in my whole life made me literally cry...

 it&#39;s make for us to understand the importance of dad

Lots of love to you buddy 

Nice thought  sir

Middle class family me &quot;sacrifice&quot; That's a word like Chota, what does it mean...
My father never gave me a bedsheet , Love you papa 
osm bhuvan
For those who say Bhuvan is vulgar

The tears are not stopping from my eyes
I love my dad and mom they does a lot my life is really small to give my mom and dad a best gift  which makes  them proud

Bhuvam Sir this video just touched my heart and brought tears into my eyes

Deeep 
I cried cause I wish my father was like this

bhaiya dil ki diya
Babloo ji has won my heart ️
Tears on EYES!!

Last secne was epic 

Dude that was heart touching with a great end WOW THAT HIT HARD

Rula diya yarr really heart touching video thi ye toh 
Hiiiiiii

Best equation in world 
Nice ️
Wow Bhuvan sir what a massage

Are you a piece of shit in this world?
Didn&#39;t felt like a bb video but hit me hard
Yeaaaa hoyi na baat,,,This is the one touches my heart from uLove u for this one,

Brother I ruled like this...️
My dad 
Parents sacrifice for their children&#39;s they never thought about money where the children spend, but the children still money from parents

Bhai ye jo story hai apki real story hai kya

Very heart touching ️️️
I have a hero I call him dad.....️

Lekin choclate thodi mehngi hogayi that&#39;s line hit me

Brother, mother, father, no one, I have studied in 11th class only you are the one who makes me happy.
Emotional kindness brother
This made me feel so sorry 

This make me cru 

The line of choclate hit so hard

You are best

This man has ability to  cry and laugh everyone

you make us cry and laugh both

“We are the ones from whom they can ask for anything.” The time of crying from Bhai Kasam was on this line.
Bro this touched my heart, soo good message 

Love you sirSir, you have learned acting by watching others.
You gave a big message in this video very nice.

&#39;Ye to fir v bonus hai, kal fir aa jaayega&#39;- line has a deep meaning!!

Amazing sir️️
Just fought with my father coz he denied me for a tour. Fuckin 20k tour! Umm I now feel kinds guilty! He&#39;s been working hard for me his whole life! I really thank you so much for not only being some famous youtuber but also for spreading awareness on topics in need. Tysm your videos mean a lot for teenagers like us. Can&#39;t relate how many teenagers like me would have realised this after watching your videos. Tysm man.

 I'm so sorry
Hats off sir !!!!!!

One of the best videos of BB

@Bigfan love you.
Sagar.Prasad

Sagar.Prasad

Sagar.Prasad

Miss my dad
Father loves us a lot

Bhuvan sir you are my inspiration and throw this video you you touch my heart from very deeply sir you biggest fan and also a small create (T.S.Y.ENTERTAINMENTS) sir a great love for you 

very emotional video

It is not everyone's destiny to meet such a father.
This is my best video

At the age of 48, my father was planning to buy a bike as there was a special sale on Diwali,he was ready with all the documents but witnessing a condition where I was in need of school fees, he immediately discarded his choice and submitted my school fees. It really pinch me when I re imagine how he sacrificed and killed his choice for which he planned for years just to ensure my smooth education... This ignites me to work hard and give him his due respect which for years has been ignored. Stil at the age of 53 he goes to office by walking irrespective of the heat, rain or cold.....

Best concept ️
Wonderful brother
Thank you baba for Everything 

Did you love my heart?
For every wish fulfilled our parents have sacrificed their needs
Unlimited Fun 
I made this video
Heart Touching Video ️
I&#39;ll surely watch this video again but with my parents on tv 

Hmmm

BB yrr aap sach main mere sabse bade fab character ho youtube pr

Yes thats true 

2022 wale attendance lagao

 we love you sir
Rula day go️
It&#39;s not the word play here it&#39;s the way Bhuvan says it which gives the goosebumps

Most heart touching video this is your bhuvan sir
to deep
Revisiting this gem ️

Love you papa..!!!!!
My father never gave me that sheet. If mother is the sister of the house, then father is also a treasure.
Heart touching 

Tears in  eyes. Thank you Mama Papa

<a href="">0:58</a> the lines ,heart touching

Wow

Aaj kal bacche log bigar gaye haiParents ko adhikaar hai apne baccho pe gussa karne kaBacche log apni chinta karte hai na ki maa papa ka

This man is on another level

For every wish fulfilled,Our parents have sacrificed their needs. What a line...️Love u BB from Bangladesh 🇧🇩

Made me cry 
Love you bro ️ Form Bangladesh ️
Baba ️
Middleclass families is legend who has strugles in their life

Im regretting tht y i watched this video, i have many family prblms, i didnt wanted to cry bt this made me cry,

 hum middle class
what an acting dude it didn't seem for a second that you were playing a boy


This vedio made me cry

True&#39; line&#39;s ️
At recently this incident happen with me bas laptop ki jgha phone ha bb bhai na aasu LA Dia  heart touching   

Ye video bht emotional hai

Sometimes BB ki Vines get deep going.
Whatever you say tune last dialogue
Tell me one thing, why are all the logs commenting in English. Those who do not know English will not understand your bad comments. How can someone get a gold medal by commenting in English? The English were forced to run away, but how did the English run away?
Made me cry...
Very inspiring video 
Rula diya bhai year 
Bhuvan didn't go to laptop after watching this video.
HI ,I have seen most of the videos of yours and all of the videos are mindblowing. Seriously your videos have such good messeges that people don&#39;t listen from others but can understand from your video. Your simple messeges has a simple story yet that story makes the whole messege  understandable. i don&#39;t know if you will see this comment or not but still keeP it up .... your serioursly the best 

Mara b papa nhi ha miss you papa
Truly my friend, I ruled.
I love dad ️️️
ye sach he

Yes you are great
Bhai dil bhar gaya 
I cried after watching this video...my father left me 20 days ago...i miss him soo much..papa...allah kisi ko yeh dard na de

Sir osm I love it so much 

Rula diya bencho 
Brother ruled the end main
I wish this happened to my father.


Mom and Dad

I got emotional in the first video.
Acting is fantastic .

Nice bhaiya, nice video️
Ty bhai

Triggered me to go back where I belong.. Thanks bb.

Love you bro 
You are a gem darling

Very touching..Well Explained 
Chocolate thodi mehngi ho gaye ha. Literally the killer line

It hurts my heart to ban such a video 
Great.... Motivate video.. Bro..  Keep it up

Who is watching this video in 2022 

Bhuvan I can proudly say you are going to be the best father in future 

This video hits me hard yar 

Seeing you after 3 years my friend is not enough to say anything.️️️
Awesome yaar heart ko touching wala seen yaar
Best video :)

did emotional kar diya bb
father will always be the one who sacrifice all things for there child ️️

Only this youtuber can make us laguh and cry at same time

Sir, sometimes you make such a good video that my heart feels happy…Aap ka paas har trike ki content hai I love you sir…I love you….
I don&#39;t have my dad

True no matter what world says parents are always with us 

You made me cry bhuvam
Love you bb️
Bhohot bhaidiya bhai heart touching videos 
MY MOTHER IS FATHER.

Bhai aasu aa gaye.....
Best video ever
The best video ever

Heart touching episode 
Woow bb

BB is unique 
ab bb to laptop miljaiga because of 11cr lottery 

Heart touching bro

Awsom one...
we see very less artist like BB who say Some deep things in completely different way and with a good example. Inspire of being a comedy artist you sometime teach very nice lessons. BB bhai salute !!!

️Parents love for us is more than what we think

I miss my dad 
I learn more from it

I never liked my father until 12 class. I always complaint about everything he do, literally everything but now I can proudly say that&quot; i love my father more then my mother&quot;. We all mention our mothers always,but never our father . Especially for boys, bhai you will realise that your parents are only thing you need to be happy and successful 

I cried brother 
Koi mujhe ye background music ka link dedo yrr please 

Baap ho Aisa

(:4500000:)

Emotional ️
Best part ️
very nice

I cried because of this video.. I remembered my mother and father.
Oh Allah of course no one has changed my father :(
Bro this is hart touching

Mahengi chocolate?? Konsi ferrero rocher
Chocolate thodi mehengi hogyi nai?&quot; That line hit hard.

heart touching bro love you main to apke is baat ko kabhi nhi bul sakta

This video melts my heart 

love you bro

Best video 
Brother ruling 
Heart touching video ️
AMAZING

Heart touching ️ video
Lekin chocolate thodi mehngi hogayi nhi . Very Heartwarming line

This video really heart touching....you are amazing Sir ... love you so much Sir

Here is the reasion why he deserves️️️️
sahi baat ha buuONE bhai you are the ONE and only..... THAT KNOW THAT HOW PARENTS SACRIFICE

Bhuvan is the only YouTuber who can make you laugh, cry and motivated. He give such valuable lessons that it touches our heart ️

Love you bhuvan bhai I am from Pakistan ma aaapke saare videos dekhta hu  Sach me you are the bestBut this video is really heart touchingLove you bhuvan bhai️️️️

too good yar 
Every parents fulfilled their children&#39;s wish  even they spend their whole money. Ek guardian apne bacche ke liye jaan tak de skta h 

No one can take father's place in this world ️️
Billion Heart&#39;s for BB ki vines ️ i
<a href="">2:40</a> who notice a bhoji

I can feel this as my mother is a single parent I can&#39;t ask for anything expensive everytimeHaa mai bhi kabhi kabhi maang leta tha lekin ab bass itna successful hona hai ki Mai khud mummy ko proud feel karwa saku Ye possible hai ki nahi ye to mujhe bhi nahi pata lekin &quot;KOSHISH KARNE WALO KI KABHI HAAR NAHI HOTI&quot; 

Parents are all ways sacrifice for us

3 month later Literally i was crying for a laptop in front of my father  and he bought  a laptop but it was just it had low spec 4 GB ram i was to much angry and told my father to upgrade the laptop but my father told that i have no money beta the i cried through out the night then i cant find my laptop i taught i lot it and next day i saw that my laptop have 8 gb ram i was to much happy and i saw that my mom was telling to my father that why fulfil his all demands my father told the same line <a href="">1:01</a> i was to much emotional and now i m watching this vedio now i understand my fathers Sacrifice for me LOVE U PAPA

Bht hi jaada aacha aur pyaara content aur bht hi emotional video bhuvan bhai ✓
Dad&#39;s are awesome salute to all dad&#39;s️

Parents is gift of all persons

Who is here from glowkus?

I am emotional 

Sir big fan

Tears in my eyes 

This video bought tears to my eyes.

Let's see if Glowkus is not replying to the comments of his channel.
Alag bb and best version of bb

 love you bhai
Very bad
Dad
But our didn&#39;t
Papa

After glowkus

I also remember that day when I asked for earphones, when my mother asked me what to do but my father told me not to eat, to save his life, I have never agreed to anything in the beginning, but when I I feel like trying hard to give it.
Who is watching this video after the video of Glowkus?
Until it need badly never ask for ur parents because when we face those same thing from our children Then we cannot appologise may be 

I can truely felt that cause my mom sacrifice her needs to buy me a new phone 

Wonder if BB really wanted the laptop anymore after seeing this video 

Salutu to you bhuvan sir

Ya video sch ha yrr sch ma love u bro tumhari videos bht achi hoti ha
Really this line hit the hard choclate thodi mahngi ho gyi h 

Incredible..Just incredible..
the best video for a child to understand his parents

Every video touches our heart but it gives a sudden wonderstruck

We middle class children get matured when we realise that pur father&#39;s income cannot bear our expenses -Kapil Sharma

Last line &quot;Chocolate todhi mehengi ho gayi nai&quot;
Loved it 

Thanks sir 
This video hits very hard bro…respect 

It&#39;s just heart touching ️

Big fan 
The best video I ever saw in my whole life 🇧🇩️

This man is not only ( comedian ) he is a proper influencer Thank you bhaiya for awaring us the sacrifice of our parents

Brother *God bless you*️ Please remember your childhood.
Awesome sir you are amazing. I salute to your thoughts.

I have laughing emoji in all the videos but I am in love with ️️️...strikes to the heart
I love you bhai

u made me cry
For parents, nothing is greater than the happiness of their children.
This video is heart touching 

The truth is that mothers and fathers have never given money to their children and never asked for it. But even for 1 rupee taken from the mother, there is blood.
Heart Touched 
i watch this over n over again

Very very nice

While watching the video, my mother sacrificed my life. Love you mother, father.
Chocolate mehengi ho gyi hai , I cried on that seen

BB Ki Vines

Pinned by BB Ki Vines

BB Ki Vines

3 years ago

For every wish fulfilled, our parents have sacrificed their needs. Let&#39;s be sensible and ask for less. :)

SHARE this with your loved ones.

Keep Sharing, Keep Loving!



68K

Hard touching line bhuvan
So so so true

Hey made me cry ️
I literally cried in this video 

Love you Bro  tears came in my eyes
After watching this video, I am desperate for a new mobile.
Respect n adore ur parents. They r the only ones who  love u unconditionally.

Emotional because of him ️
Heart touching bro

Heart touching video ️
 for the parents we love you mummy papa

I love perends
I loved my heart, I wish my father would stay here.
<a href="">2:34</a> &quot;But chocolate has become a bit expensive.&quot;This line touch heart directly. Love You 'BHUVAN BAM'
Koi kehta maa zada aachi lagti koi kehta papa, but sach mein toh dono ki presence he bahut hai in ones life...Shi kaha ki papa ne kabhi &quot;unhone chadar choti padne he nhi di, mai pair failata gya and vo chadar badhate chale gye&quot; This line totally filled my heart and my eyes.... Agr maa-papa ho na to kabhi bhi kisi cheez ki kami nhi hoti.. Dad and mom Are best in their sons and daughters lifeBest present given to is by God... Kyunki agr vo nhi to hum nhi... Plz respect them... 

This is true

Parents are always do a big sacrifice for their child. Love you MOM &amp; DAD

Nice video

Very heart tou.touching 

I love this  video  I really  emosnal

He can make you laugh.... .... I am literally crying deep down...

THATS TRUE OUR PARENTS SACRIFICE FOR US

Father is precious

Comedy is less emotional, but it is true.
 Brother I love you so much
Bhai u really stole my words

Very emosinal 

this vedio make me craying 

&quot;pr chocolate mahengi hogyi nai?&quot; That line hit hard...RIP Mr and Mrs bam

thats why we all should respect our parents.. they always sacrifice for my happiness

Brother Rula Diya  I am human, today I have realized from your words that I never thought of all this.
Dil Chu Liya
Lovely video bhuvan bhai
Love this video 

brother who are you? youtuber, singer, influencer. creator, writer, motivator, mentor. no no what baabaal video are you making?
&quot;Papa ne kabhi chadar choti nahi padne di&quot; this line touched heart.

Meri university ki fees deny ke liye mere papa ne apny office se loan lia Jo ke ab woh hr mahiny salary de pay krrein gy....true every parents sacrifice alot for us

I wish everyone had parents like this.. not everyone is so blessed

Thank you brother, I remember my father, today he is no more in this world, but he also never gave up...
I am a boy, a teenager, I have cried a lot less today, please watch this video…did I cry? LOVE
Bahat badhia scripts bhai Dil ko chhu gaya

Bro this vid made me cry

Brilliant yaar

Epic y&#39;all
So deep and emotional

Best thing about BB is, He makes us laugh and cry at the same time! Love you Man!

Best video bhuvan bhaiya apke song, story writing talent ka to koi jawab hi na hai

But not every parents are sameSome parents not sacrifice their needs

Bencho rona aaya boht hard
Fabulous video bhuvan bhaiya
Love you maa Papa ️️
 I didn't feel like eating
ᴋᴜᴄʜ ʙʜɪ ʜᴏ ᴅᴇᴅ ɪꜱ ʙᴇꜱᴛ
This one is the best episode till now.Personal favourite

That line - chocolate thode mahenge ho gaye ni 

Beauty full video Nd msg

bro this video made me cry

Whenever I watch this video I remember my dad miss you papa ️

Ran out of Words, Superb, Sir...

Chocolate thodi mehangi ho gayi

U are amazing BB️
Bhai sach me u deserve 50 million above subscribers,100M above

Without any galli or bad words️

Wow

Chocolate 
Yrr tum rula bhi skte ho pta nahi tha
By saying this much, it seems to me how late I am to the society...
I have saved this episode in my Playlist. Whenever I feel lost or low, I watch this and feel motivated. Even the last quote in the episode, I took its screenshot and saved it as my homescreen wallpaper. 

Heart touching video

Salute to evry father 

Ur great yaar i am ur fan sir
My life story

Aj sacrifice ka asli matlab pata chala
This message teaches a lot.. remember the childhood brother
(Jan 2022)still recommended Heart touching topic  

Bhuvam bam op
Emotional video

Bass Ye he
Love you mummy papa
there’s a certain pleasure in fulfilling own children’s wish, only parents know that

Love u bhai
This man can make us laugh and cry At the same Time

Love 

I love bro, what will you do?
Legend 
After today, no one will accept me and I will not complain to mom and dad. Love you mom and dad. ️
What is the need, Papa <i>______</i> website doesn't look good.

This guy can make us cry and laugh u are amazing hats off to u

Nice bro

miss you dad
Good level

Rula diya
Love you bb

️️️️️️️️️ great msg too good sir 
I really got emotional at the end ️

It&#39;s my favorite episode now &quot;chocolate thori mehengi par gayi nahi &quot;

️ thanks Dad
Heart touching 
Love your parents
Did we know...For our little happyness our parents even forgot how to smile...let we make our parents happy 

Father is God of world

Ai or baba is love

My father is worlds best father

Merey asuu nahin tham rahey hai

Such a small video but full of knowledge,.

U remembered my dad   
Miss you Papa
Damm true the best video u have made so far put tears in my eyes

This really moved me to tears

SALUTE YOU SIR

My father never wore any bedsheet… Golden Line ️️
Bablu jii is so sensitive

Ye aaj tak ka best video tha

Shach me yar

BB!
This Video Really Made me emotional 

The more noise this band makes, the more it can rule.
Lllll&quot;llllllll&quot;lllllll

I wish That vidio get 100m+ views

And my father can't drink alcohol.
He is so good

Love you papa
Only parents know the true meaning of sacrifice

deep meaning story..........................................................

Heart touching video

That&#39;s hit hard...True sacrifice ️
hart tiching

I like it bb ka dad and bb ganda maray

Its true parents sacrifice their happiness for us

Love you papa mummy...️
This is the only man who can make laugh at same time and make cry at same time respect to BB

<b>This is one of other Master Piece of Your video&#39;s...</b><b>That&#39;s why I have watched it more than 3 three times...</b>

What an expression at <a href="">0:54</a>..Loved that a lot..️ A father finds his all happiness in his child&#39;s happiness...️

Truly bhai

Rula diya yrr
True words bb
Dil Chu Gaya vai ️️
THE BEST ONE. I LITERALLY CRIED HERE 
Father/Papa ​​hai toh bazar khar cheek, toys, toffee hai apne, No matter how many financial problems papa has...LOVE U PAPA..
Bhuban Bhai is the best

Sir me Assam se ho mujhe apki sab video bht acha lgta hai

Sach me maa papa humare liye kitna kuch karte hai

After watch this vedio mere baba ki yaad aa gayi.. I lost him when I was 12 years old ..isss vedio dekh kar ek khayal aya maan me ki mujhe aisi demand karne mauka jyada nhi mili

 best video bro
I love you frm heart yar aap kya to story sochte ho one masterpiece is dhindhora........

Love u bhuvan this scene was very emotionl



So emotional ️
This is real story for me

This is based on my life

Yaar rulaoga kya!
I made you emotional my friend 
Bhuban Sir, you are really very bad. Sir you are great. I have never seen anyone like you in my life, Sir. Love you sir
That's why I kissed my face so that Papa could wear a shirt and not get cum from my face.
Fill your needs and dreams with your parents' money ️️
I have given up my habit of smoking cigarettes.
