Aaj kasam s khud PR proud ho gya..hm aapke fan h...love u...srk ..aap SB actoro s alag ho..u r a legend

srk çok tatlı birisi ayrıca çok yakışıklı her kızın hayali

his interviews are very good but theres no actor i dislike more than him. lol.

Jai hind 

i like u man

faiyaz khan

i love srk   allah ap ko or qamyabi dain

Rajat sharma ko kab katghre me bithainge

he has a killing smile, no one has that kind, i guess

Srk king

SRK is kattar muslim hate this man 😡😡

shahrukh you rock maza aagaya

Good job ISI

king Khan is gr8 king of bollywood

other srk interviews r good, but isme cheapness h thodi

Dirty Bastard shit on the roof tops &amp; roads, the whole place smells of piss. im glad iv stopped going to this dirty sick place.Milk is made from washing powder and white glue, bread dough mixed with feet, nasty bastards

u r best king offfff romance

your right srk sir

Nice

srk vvvvvvvv gud

3. 4 majheb manne wala wo muslim nahi ho sakta...SRK mushlim nahi raha

He&#39;s certainly more natural an actor than the other two in the big trident of the superstars of this country.

HAQ NAWAZ LIKE KINGS KHAN ACTING

Srk is best 😘😘😘

king

srk rocks

BJP ka paid channel. Bhakto ka channel

love u srk

what a liar he said there is intolerance &amp; now hes scared to express it

he was working on Raees with his beard

wow

king khan

I agree you are ugly. No question about it.

Kool man srk!

Hi friends I urgently needed candidate&#39;s who can spend only 2to 5 min per day ,you can earn a lot...that to without investment....for further detail&#39;s can massage me to my whatsapp number --9008192968......

i love u srk

SRK is not only a actor,but also a intelligent guy with strong stardom...

love u SRK

just one word <a href="">#respect</a>

srk jaisaa koi nahi

chutiya

aap ka fine hu

aap ka fine hu

my favourite hero s. khan

very very handsome my big heart srk always best best best

Love you shahrukh sir, u r Amazing,,, jo log aapko deshdrohi bolte he unhone desh k liye ghnta kiya he,, sir aapne hamare desh ka naam roshan kiya he, u r the best u r pride of India    ,,,,,, chutiye Bhakt aapke baareme bahot rumors failaate he q k unki gaand jalti he aapse,,,,, u r pride of India sir

Srk is famous n top actor but  he  earning box office its very low .....😨

why Rajat Sharma, why u do this, u go so easy on SRK but so tough on Amir... not that fair 😁😁

srk

ye sala kaun sa superstar hai jisse  serious acting nahi hoti

very nice .

king khan

I&#39;m a big fan of shah rukh khan

interview srk se behter koi nae de skta

srk ilove you

only one srk

love you srk

I

desh ko game represent karega sala madarchod

yes sbse bada h sharukh khan

kis ne ugly bol diya♡♡♡♡badmash.....sharukh sbse handsm h

love u srk

the only guy who can answer your every f**kin question with intelligence &amp; the sweetest smile on the face <a href="">#srkian</a>

amazing sRK

Dangal superb

shame on you shahrukh to say about that your parents are two stars and before you said that your mother seing you from Heaven This is shirk

Salman khan supar king

Salman khan is best

I l

smart answer and smart talk shahrukh khan

shah ruck khan sabse jada honest,kind,des bhakt jo ki jada des bhakti filmei banaya hai aur vo ek bahut mahenati actor hai bollywood main aur srk ne india ko represent kiya world main aur srk apne mehnat se badshah bana hai aur vo bahut hi accha insan planet pe.....

Im a Bigggg Fan of SRK

we love u srk

so cute SRK

shahrukh the great human and actor

I miss you

his false just like the rest of the actors barring one or two, his films are shit and anyone who&#39;s says he is the best in the world lives in cuckoo land ! it&#39;s all about money money and more money and these actors couldn&#39;t give a flying fuck about their fans or the poor people or poverty of the so called best country in the world , grow up and look at the facts !

nice actorrr superrr vedio

the last superstar in the world ### srk love u sir

SRK IS ONE OF THE BADSHA IN THE WORLD

SRK IS ONE OF THE BADSHA IN THE WORLD

dunya nhi sir ....bharat 2sd....after ab

love uuuu srkkk I am bigg fan of uuu sir love u so muchh

very good

very nice show

I really inspire to mr srk....love u sir god bless and u r the best actor ever n ever...

FAB

wow nice king khan

Does anyone know a version of this video with subtitles?

kala

I am Indian and iam proud to be an Indian and also Humanity is the best policy . Srk is the best .

l love shah

SUperb srk luv yu

Very nice  s r k

love u srk he is the best

world best actor are Shahrukh khan

ब?

Nice

we love u shahrukh sir

all voido nice

<a href="">22:00</a>

king khan

dil kush kar dita yrr srk  ne bo vadde fan aa

SRKian till I die 🤗😍

gappppp reee

saharukh Bhai

sRK the king of kings in Bollywood.....love you SRK...

each time he came..fan following increased from the last time :D

damn his face is fucked up, when they zoom it

very nice smile sharukh bhai

i lv his  interviews....intelligent  movie  star..

shah rukh khan is a real heroo.

i lov srk srk is best actor in the world

لو مترجم ما يقوله شاروخان لأن الواضح لقاء جميل فلم نفهم كل ما قاله 😓😓😓😓

very nice

ladko ki shaan ladkiyon ki jaan shahrukh khan

srk... best actor

ugly but stylistic

may be srk is abnormal or not a comman man

obind

ASB

India tv is very important for audience... Just watching...

nice

vry well rajat sharmaa sir :)

I just watched srk frst appearance in  <a href="">#appkaAdalat</a> and now I m watching this.. what a chng!!!

love you srk

uff srk 😊

Is he commenting on Arnab?And only Muslims claim that their religion is greatest and they try to impose their religion on others!

Happy Birthday my jaan shahrukh khan. I love you

sRk... the self made actor...

Name of the legend Sir Srk...

this guy got roasted by ksi

i hate u

Good

👌👌👌👍👍👍

srk  apke  liye ajj ijjat  aur aur aur baar  gaya

BIGGEST ACTOR IN THE WORLD😎

salman is my favorite actor

What the fuxx is Shahmrug phone number? Can anyone give me that ?? Fuxxx that stupid old dumb ass, why don&#39;t he look himself in mirror?? stupid guy............I have never ever seen stupid husband and stupid wife (gauri) in my life...............they just don&#39;t see inside their body.............their are souls, there are almighty gods, there is somewhere they gonna go...................you have been super star, and you have been a wife of super star, but ..................now things have changed, life has grown up, let it go, accept our age, .................I have no words to say.............how much you can spend on advertisement, skin transplants, excersices, diets, extorsionns, etc. etc. etc. ? Just let it go.......................

Rajat Sharma..............I know you need to survive.....same time you need to be what you used to be,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, you don&#39;t need to kiss all ass.................just be what you were before 15-20-25 years....................in this episode, I can definitely see that you are so stupid, so gridy, so madarfuxx, so doud lunx chusing guy, so fuxxing stupid, so gridy...............just let this shahmrug gay retire......................he looks so tired, so old, so stressed, we have so many young imerging actors

Aapki Adalat.......? OR is it India TV ke baap ki adalat??,..................I think India TV ka baap hai Daud Ibrahim, shahmrug khan, Pakistan, ..................kaun hai tumhara baap.............

Who the fucxx paid to India TV to do this.................to have this stupid thing.................Is india TV has nothing else to do, no where else to make money, is it only doud Ibrahim can pay you to survive?? ........................fux u india TV

all I can say is let him go out of indian film industry

Why he has investments in London? Why his wife is named Gauri Shahmrugh khan? Why he never says anything about islamist terrorism problem in India?

Is

Biggest Actor in the whole history of bollywood in terms of millions of fans and billions of dollars and universal acceptance....(world renown figure)

he is real Indian and Real King of Bollywood

See acting means what when u act u never feel like u r acting it feels that u r real,  nowadays  srk acting like it feels not real it feels that u r trying to act like it is real but its not real. The smile of your its does not seems like real. The way you show to the world that your hand is paining in channai express it seems that not real,u r trying to show the world its real paining. And after releasing  your fan movie half of your fan rejected u as srk  fan along with me.

kitna bekar dikhta g SRK

At <a href="">17:00</a> he is talking about Idiot goswami

nice shahrukh i m your big faan

king khan king ho

agar aap pakistan ke bhi superstar hai to aek hafta pakistan me reh ke dikho phir bolna

srk fan

SRK PRIDE OF INDIA.KING OF THE WORLD

good man king khan

srk very gd actor aachha acting kiya idhar v...

I love when he appreciates capitalism...

that fan incident was hilarious....

Why are only people with Muslim backgrounds are questioned about their &quot;desh bhagti&quot;?

JANTE HO HUM FIN SB YAD RAHKTE HAI

JANTE HO TUMHARA 1DAILOOG KIKIKKKKII KIRAN YAD HAI BADSHA

BOETO RAEIS KAB AARI CHALO TUMNE KUCH BOLA TO SHI LOVE U SIR

shahrukh is the pride of Indian

such a gentleman but some hypocrite always find fault ....their bad

Abh toh major dhyaanchand per movie bana do Jo Ms Dhoni movie ko jawab de sakhe.

Ehsan faramos actor hai ab jyada nahi chalega

srk is awwweeeeesome

Lie 

Rajat sharma ne wo Q ni pucha jiska w8 tha...sharukh ne pak me flood aane pe stage show kiye..or finacialy help ki uss country ki jo india me terrorism ko bhdava de rha h or india k liye kyu ne esa kuch karte jab india me koi disaster wali condition aati h?????

Srk is a good man,but he talks a lot unnecessary

I love u shrakhan

pak says kafir to induans but people like sharuk and other s they support pak

ur guys are awesome

I can see very true genuine sharukh here.. who is the Inspiron for all the Indians

we love srk

Masha Allah srk

Love the way he answers.✌✌

sahrukh is a magical acter even iam alwayes lern acting skills to watch his moovies

shamsheer

Shahrukh 😍😍

srk u r soooo handsum

He is a hardworker, it&#39;s not about to be indian hahahaha typish indian

shahrukh is the best and honestest man in the world is awesome, salman nd amir are not even his shit. i know he is liar, but thats only sesnse of humour, in heart he is truth

Love U SRK

gaddar

Maine life time sahrukh khan ki movie tak ko like nahin kiya. Na kabhi is sakhs ki kisi bhi movie me ki gai acting ko pasand kiya. Main aamir khan or salman khan ka bohat bda fan hun but sahrukh ki sakal or acting mujhe bilkul pasand nahin bachpan se. Mere bachhe or wife inki movie or inhen bohat like karte hain but aaj tak maine inki kabhi bhi kisi bhi movie sivae fauji tv serial ke kabhi bhi nahin saraha . But aaj is interview ko dekh kar mere dil me is sakhs ke liye wo ijjat hai jo kisi bhi des bhakt ya ek sachhe hindustani ke liye hoti hai . Waheguru Blessed u Always dear sahrukh . Now I M Hartley ur fan dear. Great person . Ur interview 8s very othentik &amp; real . God Blessed.

RIZWAN TARIQ

KYA BOLTE RAIS KAB AARI BOLOGE

tail lene gaya Modi aur SRK haters.....hum toh thehre dono ka fan 😎

Great interview by King Khan.

sarukh best king  khan

Srk deserves th best actor award for his outstanding performance in FAN as Gaurav.

I&#39;m your big fan.. God bless u

Love u shah rukh sir. Aap sachme king ho.  I&#39;m very proud that I am from SRK&#39;s country

at <a href="">32:30</a> i cud literally feel his pain.. i felt lyk crying 😢😟😔bt i jz wanna say I LOVE YOU.. m yur fan simce i ws in 8th...nd i dnt wanna justify WHYbt i jz LOVE YOU

plz call shreya ghoshal plz plz

nice

I am lucky to b born in SRK&#39;s era 😊😃

30 second ki ads bc pagal ho tum kya

Beautiful

biggest suprrstar my ass

What a great human being !!!!!!!   Telling all the truths......Naveen Australia.....

India lucky to have Srk.

Basically 3 khans ne bollywood par raj kiya he....lekin srk ka koi filmy background nahi tha....phir bhi king khan bananaa...kamal he

One of the finest actor in the world....

love you king Shah Rukh Khan ummmha

😀😄

srk most famous actor inthe world

I appreciate his honesty and truthiness.

india mai paisay mil gaye to islam ko hi bhool gaye.

shahrukh khan is best actor

I am not a &quot;reel&quot; life SRK fan but i am the &quot;real&quot; life SRK fan ....

fake man always acting.

sharukh not a intelectualwhat is hapening to this country

plz upload the interview of sunil Dutt in aap ki adalat .........

This is a must watch interview of legend

intolerance srk

SRK acting teek taak...😐!!! your nose looks awkward 😖 but overall you look sweet...😉 and on-screen it even doesn&#39;t appear tho...😏!!! ha thoda sa ghamand hai...victory ke saath saath aa hi jaati hai...😓!!! apart from allllll this this guy seems honest...👍!!! PS - I&#39;m not his fan...😎 tho I respect him...😊!!!

No that&#39;s not right I am too the biggest fan of SRK I love him from the bottom of my heart  and Iam boy

i am your big fan

please bring saurov ganguly on aap ki adalat.we want him

We Indians love you

Shahrukh Khan is 3rd richest, not second. After Merv Griffin (1st) and Jerry Seinfeld (2nd)

superstar actor

I am proud to be born in India where shahrukh khan lives

H bjjkkkkuua

worst actor and human i have ever seen. like a hell

why would he not recieve money for films when he works in films?

His personality is just marvelous <b>.</b>

addictive voice !! Aisa lagta hai ki sunte hi raho!!

King of bollywood

v good

is this like s roast

thanks for support

it was a pleasure to be here

with no hate as a request if u thanks BHAGWAN for your success and do POOJA early morning then please declare yourself HINDU. by doing this double standard you hurt both GODS.

iska sirf ek h kaam h khud ko bara kehna dusra kuch nh aata ise

sulthan super hit

He says he doesn&#39;t charge any fee as an actor because his production company Red Chillies Entertainment earns the profit in crores.

he became serious on &quot;controversial&quot; topic

If Srk comes in any Show full trp for sure best episode again of Aap ki adalat

bekar

Sultan

Very Honest Man. He is true Capricorn.

nice

There are thousands of smart people out there, many working hard to cure cancer and manufacture microchips. Most of them go unnoticed when they take a brief stroll on a side street. These are our real (unsung) heroes. Unfortunately, society shows greater respect towards the most superficial people on earth... actors and actresses! Sad but true. Let&#39;s give it some thought collectively...

Sabka mangal ho.♥

THERE IS NO OTHER KING KHAN EVER ACCEPT SHARUK KHAN THE REEEAL KING OF BOLLYWOOD HEARTS AND ROMANCE WE ALL LOVE SRK FROM GERMANY FANS

I would to watch your show but no English subtitle

I love you srk sk

srk my king khan ur best apk koe mukbla ni kise k sth so ur great i love u

srk you are the best

The 3 khans are the pride of India.....it dstn matter whm fan am I....it just matters tht v every Indian Muslims are proud to be an Indian....I liked the way he answered abt the intolerance ...thts wat every Indian Muslims are....   ..if u thinking who are the criminals here...ofcurs its media n politics...... Dnt ever blindly believe are be bhakts of thm...its cn only destroy u not thm

Hindustan ki jaan Shahrukh khan

best humour in the world...

U hv worked hard to earn this stardom shah sir and hard-work always paysoff so don&#39;t get upset becoz of some fake patriotic people who hv not done a single thing for our country and they bark about u  jinhone humare desh ka naam roshan kiya h, humare movies ko duniya bhar mein pohanchaya h.. U hv given us movies like Chak De &amp; Swades which is very close to our hearts..Thank you n keep rocking ❤(proud Indian,proud fan)

world best actor

srk nice

I&#39;m Bollywood Lyricist ! plz search in Facebook page Hemant Khatiwada . plz like and share this page Hemant Khatiwada ! Welcome to my fan page Hemant Khatiwada . Thank you so much. ...

saharuk khan world the best actor

You can see Fan&#39;s Gaurav at <a href="">15:55</a> in the way he speaks

Guys, do Looks for me  actually   mythicbo video never

Batharsathi 📼

Sultan Movie Review here <a href=""> Know if Salman Khan&#39;s Movie a Big HIT or MISS

a true entertainer

srk is the best

kiya bat hai he was so hard working man

i love you soooo much srk

i like srk i love you soo much i want meet you

such nice  aap ki adalat  great show

.dhiraj me shook machaye

srk is best

we are feel more proud .when we thing SRK is the 2 nd richest actor in the world . nd he is from India whoa.......

meri Jaan Shahrukh khan..ur the KING of the Bollywood....

SRK...most kind hearted man ever in bollywood...king khan..u rocks...live long and happy

he is being modest.......he has looks as well as brians.......for his age, he still looks vry good.......but best thing abt him is his wit and intelligence which makes his personality and his interviews interesting

though most of his movies are shitty.. his interviews are the best :)

genius .... wooooooooo u r really a presence of mind &amp; clever actor...hi re jabra oye re jabra main tera fan hogaya

Sorry, just wondering if anyone would like to see shahrukh khan&#39;s transformation over the years, check my channel out! Would appreciate it.

great person of the world

Why SRK will ever remain a successful star: • Middle class background; not from a film family; secular Indian conservative family values • Stable married life; no second wife; no child out of wedlock • Enviable track record; sustained success ratio since Darr,Baazigar and DDLJ days (refer Box Office India; highest rating as successful actor over the years/two decades; largest number of All Time Block Busters, Block Busters and Superhit films across the span of his 2 decades career) • Global Indian icon; most recognisable face of India and Bollywood abroad • Possibly the highest or second highest tax payer from Bollywood every year; possibly the highest net worth Bollywood actor • Super energetic; live wire on celluloid and stage; mass entertainer; king of romance and emotions • His wit and sense of humour ;self deprecating humour • Multi-talented (actor/producer/business man/KKR team owner and owner of the champion team/sportsman/stage host/VFX studio owner); diversified interests • Benchmark/fulcrum around which Bollywood revolves. “Only SRK and sex sells”. Most articles on Bollywood have headlines with legend “SRK” to attract readers. Any upcoming /recently successful actor(new/old/veteran ) would be compared with SRK/his films/his TV shows/his brand value. The star who has given maximum interviews; the star who has got possibly maximum no of awards; the Indian star who is respected in reputed global Universities, has wax statues in several museums in India and abroad • The actor whose movies bring a feel good romantic love and warmth and smile to his billion fans across the globe(DDLJ, Kabhie Haan Kabhi Naah,DTPH, Chak De India, Swades, Veer Zaara, RBDJ,KKHH, Darr, Baazigar) • The way He emotes with his heroines (Kajol/Madhuri/Juhi/Rani/Preity Zinta/Gayatri Joshi) and screen mothers (Farida Jalal/Kiran Kher) is scintillating and his chemistry with heroines particularly Kajol , Juhi and Rani is sizzling ,mesmerizing and heart-warming. Attitude, Passion, creative,energetic ,electricity and eclectic-thy name is SRK! • Above all, truly secular ,patriotic , knowledgeable Indian with a modern global outlook and perspective

love you srk...

king baadshah

media and only media is responsible for all the chaos in this country. Bloody prestitutes.

Watch Rishi Kapoor in Aap Ki Adalat <a href="">

king srk

when the hell are you going to correct the display ratio of your videos -_-

salmaaan is much better than shahrukh

😘😘😘😘😘

what you guys talking about....This Khan is the worst of all....what he don&#39;t ,is acting.he knows sarcasm,manipulation,fake humour...this fucker has good luck ..

really yr srk amezing actor Bollywood no 1 srk love u

And you still do movies like &quot;Happy New Year&quot;

Loves movies so much and works so hard on them still the end result is Happy New Year and Main ho na...he should just give interviews and stop acting..Interviews well but sucks at movies...

king of world srk

srk

i love srk

best khan is always Amir khan.farooq frm Pakistan

I love

he is the best

best actor in bollywood

who said u go to Himalaya?? haha lol

Be proud Indians, be very proud because u live in the country where SRK live, so proud to be srkian

love SRK from Singapore

<a href="">23:39</a> He is so adorable &lt;3

band kar yi bakwas sharoh. ...?

s r kspeck true.

Any chance of english subtitles for his english speaking fans please. +indiatv

Such an amazing video !

srk is good

Really KING OF BOLLYWOOD

Indian Muslim actor kayar,, darpok

Media always false

Sharukh Salman Amir Khan,, This is your World,, Ye film Death hone ki baat Graveyard  me leke jayenge keya,,, Marne ki bareme socho,,is duneya me   tum logo king bante ho leken akdin marna hoga,,,Muslim hoke bhul gaye,,

muslim by birth.

Rightly said sir u dont need to justify ur love for ur country.

King of movies Shahrukh Khan

king khan legend...

you are great shahrukh

don 3 for ilnle

ill be very sad when he dies :(

Thank You Shahrukh Khan

English or Russian subtitles please

srk srk....😉😉

hahahaahah , see <a href="">40:00</a> !that&#39;s the summary of a life of one bollywood actor !

sahrukh ki soch me khoth hai esliye esko log ilti bat bolte hai

lol so funny

Best interview by the King.... Ur d pride of our great India

Love him and his beautiful Bollywood films ❤

What a modest person!!..respect🙏🏻

He is my idol, want once I met but it’s not possible, I of indonesia

gr8 Dude

he is the most flop actor

I am big fan of salman bhaijaan

All movies super duper hit hongi inshaallah zaroor hit hongi 2016 me



raees.....superhit

nice

WHAT A LEGEND!!!!!!!!! INDIA SHOULD BE SO PROUD TO HAVE HIM!!!!!!!

jo bhi srk ki burai kar raha hai use main chodunga nahi

Wow Shahrukh khan ji. Aapke ~<a href="">3:45</a> waali baat to bohot mast hai. Very positive statement and makes me as a woman want to believe more in myself and that it is OK to be a bit &#39;mad&#39; as a woman. Wonderful Shahrukh ji.

Shahrukh&#39;s Fan movie is flop but obviously not Shahrukh :)  Keep it up SRK!

One of the worst support service by gen x web hosting executive. i had purchased windows shared hosting to upload magento apps but while uploading error is showing that have to increase php memory limit and then i called his executive to increase the php memory limit, but disappointed. No professional way to talk with the client.

Mr Kahn u look like u need sleep can wait to see ur new show u the man God bless u

I love Shah Rukh Khan. He is really appreciable person for his honesty and thanks giving to God. :)

Shahrukh Khan my Best friends plezz give me  Shahrukh Khan phone number

I no Shah Rukh khan  Is great man my fan shah rukh  khan Love you

One and only king khan

learn kudo love kudo

greatest Superstar ever Shahrukh khan nice interview.

good yar shah rukh khan

please watch my channel video and like

he is a traitor

MY BIG BROTHER

बॉलीवुड सुपरस्टार शाहरुख खान उर्फ शाहरुख इंडिया टीवी के एडिटर-इन-चीफ रजत शर्मा आप की अदालत कार्यक्रम में से पूछताछ की। उसे सुपर स्टार बनाने के लिए किंग खान धन्यवाद &#39;आप की अदालत&#39;। शाहरुख का मानना है कि वह एक महान अभिनेता अमिताभ बच्चन उर्फ &#39;बिग बी&#39; के लिए की तुलना में है। शाहरुख भी असहिष्णुता और प्रधानमंत्री नरेंद्र मोदी पर उनकी विवादास्पद टिप्पणी को स्पष्ट करता है।

Dunia ka sab se Bara munafiq Apki Adalat mein.. SRK. lolzzz

Fan flopped in India

he is&#39;nt ugly.....!!!!!

I love you alot  <a href="">#Shah_Rukh_Khan</a>

iam fan shah rukh khan and salman khan

great

Nice!

King of Bollywood . . Superstar of this planet <a href="">#Entertainer</a>  ..  love his performance :)

Superb Make sure to watch Sultan 2016 EID Salman Khan:-)

nice

eng sub TT

he&#39;s decent guy who has tons of money now he doesn&#39;t have the same problems like a normal person so he can spend money and time to become a better person

he is the &quot;last stars of the stars&quot; as he said, yes he is....

ruling since 25 years!!! u deserved to be baadshah

Love you srk from Saudi Arabia

world best actor

SRK is the king! ★

im fan of salman khan ...but srk love u too....great salute to u....

Nice

Srk Good

Srk is not goodHaryana ki shanSultan ali khan love it Salman bhai jaan 😘

muje uchai o pedekh ke heran he kuch log lekin mere pero ke jale nhi dekhe

hi srk I know . You have everything in life but remember you live once in life, help the poor people, god will bless you very much also your kids

srk fake star👎jhooth ka ghar

King KHAN

No doubt why he is called as the &quot;King&quot; of Bollywood. Such a great human being.  😇

i think he is the bigest actor of bollywood

my favourite actor

love u sir aapke jesa koi.nahi. ho sakta

Chutiya sharukh khan anti nationalist

sharukh is rock

chutiyaa judge saala &amp; anchor also

Very nice rajat sharma ji

how can people think this man is anti-national. he does more for the country than all of us combined.

love  u srk

i love u srk

he is sooo humble :)

jst lov srk..

Jab &quot; kedarnath flood 2013 &quot; hua tha jab is bazigar ne ek rupya bhi donate nahi kiya help ke liye na koi comment kiya But jab &quot; 2014 Peshawar school massacre &quot; hua to isi mulle ne kai crore donate kiye

Yeh din bhi dekhne thai... Nachne gaanne wale marassi hero bann gai 😕

&quot;Srk is a humble and honest person!&quot; May Allah give him Hidayat!&quot;

All younger and mid age girls women and even guys love King khan for the past 15 yrs. u r soo amazing wish and hope allah bless u have wealth health and this young active age we always want u make more films long live srk king love u soo much

acha insan hai dharam se cocktail hoja tha Bollywood m

Shahrukh Khan has become a BIG FLOP2015,  Ranveer Singh&#39;s Bajirao beat SRK&#39;s Dilwale in the second week onward 2016, &#39;Mowgli&#39; Chaddi beat SRK&#39;s Fan in the second week onward. Fan won&#39;t  be part of 100 Crore club either. 2017, SRK&#39;s Raees has been postponed for a release THREE times already. Tough competition from Sallu bhai and Hritik for Raees&#39; release dates. SRK is DONE AS  DISCO! Someone please tell him to become a motivational speakers as his speeches (read: <b>BAKHCHODI</b> ) are loved by his fans from France to Karachi. FUCK Shahrukh Khan the <b>BAKHCHODI</b> !!

Oh! I like you so much as a person but surely not as an actor or a famous personality.

i really lik yr arogant nature...

Not a Shah Rukh fan but I loved that &quot;Hi Sweetheart&quot; part.

How can someone hate him or be against him.. He is a true, genuinely honest, super star..!

Shah bhai A Legend and a Super Star of India

Nice.

love u srk

we are very proud of srk because you are an Indian to represent our nation to the world cinema

zabardast.. shahrukh:)

m ur biggst fan srk ♡

more than an actor he is a great human being . one should look at his hard work and determination .

Love u srk. I m a big fan of u

Muslims love SRK because he is a Muslim and Hindus love SRK because they are secular.

what he said in his first interview in aap ki adalath..he said exactly same in this interview..honesty dont change.

I don&#39;t know whether I can become successful like you but I will make sure that I become a great person like you! :)

King of the world ..... He is stand on his own legs .... not others like Salman &amp; Amir feku .... we love Akshay Kumar &amp; shahrukh khan ..... because both of these are stand on their own legs ... !!!!

he&#39;s the one star who made  india proud by winning many awardsno khan did that

fine

Everything Was great, I totally Agree but Comparing himself with SIR Amitabh Bachchan,who&#39;s born legend was not fair ki SRK unse bhi upar hai n here also he did not accept it.

FAN was a beautiful flim, seriously! Some Flaws.. but the ultimate acting and gripping story never lets the flaws enter in your mind! But proud of SRK.. No Public holiday.. IPL.. Dark n Serious story without songs.. so it was in the CHAK DE! n My name is khan league..So the collections was not a big high... therefore Forever his FAN!! he needs no competition... KING KHAN

SRK is the best star ever. He is so down to earth, and genuine. I love the way he talks. He answers the questions so well, and his sense of humour is outstanding!!SRK doesnt need cheap publicity for his movies! he is the biggest bollywood star and he has zillion fans. people can say or do what they like. sRK we all love you.there should be a show where only audience should chat with SRK. like the audience should ask questions and SRK should answer.

cute shahrukh 😍😍

Manlo ya nahi king khan is the great prson in India love u khan

jab film to aati hai ye log u turn kar jate hai....otherwise ye log to pro Pakistan hai

World&#39;s Biggest Superstar &amp; surely pride of India Mr. Shah Rukh Khan hats off to you 

don`t know why alot Indian people hate him,we in europe love SRK so much

very honest, humble and boyish cuteness to his style

srk is lovely actor

abe haram khoron ye show srk ka h to salman ka Nam kyo le rahe ho srk is king

how come he looks so young is it makeup well he&#39;s so funny and honest

He is liar . Look at his hands movement and facial movement . @<a href="">44:20</a>

He&quot;s not fully true In general he does not speak his mind..he&quot;s clever enough to cook some intresting facts!

Y no entendí nada

❤️

ya allah jaise orro ki sunn raha waise hii Meri bhi sunle please my life dua kariye me aap ke liye karunga insha Allah

srk is really the one and only king of bollywood,

khairaat lagi batne, jab lagi fatne.jab movies sab NE dekhna bandh kar diya to India tolerant ho gaya. dogla srk aamir dono

are kyou pare ho chakkar me ...koi nhi h srk ke takkar me

srk😙😘😚

Shah Rukh Khan beyond the human. great... phenomenal...amazing actor in the world.

Fantastic interview...

pig

I had a constant smile throughout d interview :)

hypocrat actor... sweet poison.. avoid... lo.. kr bhi diya public me... 2nd weeknd fan.. 6cr... ab raees bhi kr degi... apne hi munh apni hi tarif

ek or.. image making... interview.. waw.. srk tb clarity dene kyun ni aage aaye... jb fan ke release aa gyi to... phir se.. pagal bnane chal diye... ye public hai... ye aise ni man jayegi.. lo.. fan ko dogs ne bhi boxoffice.. pe ni puchha... raees bhi is bat ko substaintiate kr degi... vaise bhi eid ae bhag gye.. tum ye or acche se proof kr deta hai..

srk is grt simply coz he use his brain power for understanding d basic things in life....thts all......

मेसेज लंबा है लेकिन घर पर बिस्तर पर बैठकर क्रांति लाने वालोकी आँखें खोलने के लिए जरुरी हैं। -क्या आप जानते है कीशाहरुख़ खान को भारत सरकार ने पदम् पुरस्कार से सम्मानितकिया है? - शाहरुख़ को फ्रांस की सरकार ने सर्वोच्च नागरिकसम्मान दिया है.. -शाहरुख़ को बेल्जियम सरकार ने सर्वोच्चसम्मान दिया हैं.. -शाहरुख़ को यूनेस्को ने चैरिटी के लिएसम्मानित किया है.. -शाहरुख़ भारत सरकार के पल्स पोलियोऔर एड्स अवेयरनेस प्रोग्राम से जुड़े हुए है... -शाहरुख़ के पूरीदुनिया में टॉम क्रूज से ज्यादा फैन है... -शाहरुख़ का नाम कभीकिसी अदाकारा के साथ नहीं जुड़ा(रणवीर कपूर,सलमान,अक्षय) - शाहरुख़ ने कभी शराब पीकर गरीबो पर गाडीनहीं चढाई(सलमान खान) -शाहरुख़ ने कभी बम धमाको केआरोपियों का सामान अपने घर में नही रखा(संजय दत्त) -शाहरुख़ ने कभी नशे में लडकियों की पिटाई नहीं की(सलमानखान) - शाहरुख़ पिछले 22 वर्षो से पत्नी गौरी के साथ सुखीवैवाहिक जीवन बिता रहे है( बाकियों का हाल आपको पताही है, धरमेंदर, सैफ, आमिर, संजय दत्त, ऋतिक.......) -शाहरुख़ नेआज तक कभी भारत छोड़ने की बात नही की -शाहरुख़ ने कभीहिन्दू धरम का मजाक उड़ाने वाली फिल्म नहीं बनायीं(आमिरखान) अगर ऊपर लिखी किसी भी बात पर आपको शक है तोआपके पास गूगल, यू tube है चेक कर लीजिये लेकिन एक भी ऐसाइंटरव्यू, बयान या विडियो दिखा सकते है जिसमे शाहरुख़ ने कोईदेश विरोधी बात कही हो?? नहीं मिला? मेरा आपसे बस यहीअनुरोध है की मेसेज फॉरवर्ड करने से पहले उनकी सत्यता तो जांचलिया करे। और अफवाहें फ़ैलाने वालो को मुह तोड़ जवाब दे।धन्यवाद

not see this episode

legends are legend yar :)      fuck off hater

This guy is way too overrated.

Love u SRK 💖

srk is really a nice man nd unnecesarrily targeted....

love you srk

I don&#39;t care now about who says what!! Love you kingkhan and pity on all haters calling him anti-national..

love you srk!! shame on all bhakts defaming the son of a free on fighter

Ak &amp; Srk are so real &amp; wonderful and also down to the ground characters.they are rare humans,world needs many more  just like them. Never liked much salman khan.

eng sub please

really really star made of heart srk lots of love from nepal

loveeeeeeeeee u srk .u r awosem

srk  I love you

such a normal human being and so affectionate, lovable and patriotic in his own way. he&#39;s been my inspiration and will always be...

can anyone tell me at what time he is talking about intolerance  in this interview?

superb srk !

king of romance srk

why Muslim actors force to give explanation of their patriotism ?:/

im a big fan of king of bollywood...

I really luv him love you...:-*

hit

The Man who lost his Father at the age of 15,The Man who lost his Mother at the age of 25,Now became a............ 2nd Richest Actor......... in the World...........Unbelievable Achievement.........SRK..........Keep it up.......!

finally, Sha Rukh did his mimicry it was so funny 😂😂😂

I love srk

He lost his charm poor srk after Karan Johor movies !!!!

He&#39;s not too or best actor but hardworking man and achieved it by working so hard , I just hope he knows he&#39;s 50 and do roles by his age

SRK would plz cut yr hair

He is full of shit

Very  interesting

Little man with a big ego, no wonder why the rest of the film industry dont employ him and dont pay him for any movies. Ask him?

The Real Badshaah!!

i want to be a actor like S.R. sir...... shayad bahut badi baat hai...par sach hai

Ajaya i like

My Fav hero Srk..... very honest and talented actor ......I like u a lot sir

one more faltu

sorry haters teri jali na? Burnol laga chutye

I live in a country where Shah Rukh Khan lives! Proud Indian

Bhai wah!

rajat ji isse se ye bhi puch  lo Pakistan  kb ja rah h

listen srk haters.... I just don&#39;t understand y u hate him...he has cleared all d misunderstandings....u all have abt him... Awsum video.. :* must watch... &lt;3

I love u Shah Rukh &lt;3

Please go and get your haircut <a href="">10:17</a> lolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

This episode made my day

i love you Shah Rukh ...loved ua clarification about that intolerance statement and I hope  this clears the misunderstanding of those people ..Loved it !!! n dont disrespect our India by calling Srk,the national icon  as an anti nationalist ...respect ..(Y)

most witty actor ... sense of humour at peak

best actor intelligent honest humble and most handsome man in universe we love u srk!!!!!!!!!!

Can you please add English sub PLEASE 😭

please eng sub

Shahrukh Khan - A good actorAamir Khan - The best actor in bollywoodAbhishek Bachchan - Best actor in the history of cinema.

....

i m not sharukh khan fan.. indeed hes good human being, kind, polite, down to earth.. sadly right wing target him for being a muslim

welldone king

Girl

srk was talking about arnob goswami i guess

bahubali is better than fan ..... not kidding .... 2 nd half of fan is not good

srk King is king ...always best

My ultimate hero!! so very proud to be his fan!! hats off to you SRK!!! :D

ME . PAKISTANI  CITY  PESHAWAR. .. SHAHRUKH KHAN   GREAT  ACTORS.    FAN  MOVIES  BOHT  ACHI  MOVIE HAI  .. I&#39;M  BIG  FAN SHAHRUKH KHAN.  ......  SHAHRUKH KHAN  NI  JETNA  B  KAAM KYA HAI FILMI O MI  . BOHT  ACHA  KAAM KYA HAI .  JAHA  BAHT  HOTI  HAI    INDIA  AUR  PAKISTAN  KI .ASA NAHI  HAI  SHAHRUKH  PAKISTANI  HAI  YA    PAKISTANI  AGENTS  HAI .     SRK KA  FAMLIY    PESHAWAR  CITY  MI HAI  KUCH  LOG .   SRK  UNCLE  CHAZAT  BETA .   SHAHRUKH   HAMRI   DILO MI BASY HAI .      SHAHRUKH   JAHA  B HAI ALLAH  UNKO  BOHT  KHUSH  RAKAI .  .... HUMI  ACHA LAGTA  HAI  JAB  SHAHRUKH   . DIHLI   KI NAME  KI SAT  HAMRI  CITY  PESHAWAR  KA NAME  B LATA HAI . LOVE  U  SRK .

idiots gonna hate, haters will live the interview. now you know why we love him

teri okaat pta chal jaaegi teri hR movie flop ho gyi

weather u like him or not he is the pride of this country .luv u srk . JAI HIND

To all those who are saying what has he done for the farmers? Let me tell you that it is not his job to help the farmers, it is the govt who should be helping the farmers. Have you ever asked your govt why they are so corrupt and how they are using your tax money to improve the country? So you have no right to question SRK&#39;s patriotism or charity giving. He has worked hard all his life not like the ministers who are corrupt and are only interested in filling their coffers.

hate you so much  ruk ruk lan

Tum Katuwa log hamesha jhud boltee ho

You are not what you says

Yee Sala Katuwa Sala Namaste tak nahikiya

This man is a legend.

İndian Ho Ya Pakistani ....Agar Deserve Krta Hay To İzzat Deni Chahiye Nahi To Jo Kr rha Ho Ga Oss Ko Nahi Log Ap Ko He Bura Kahen Gay ....İndia To Hamaara He Hissa Hayy .....Politicians K Actions k Bawjood Bhi Yeh Such Khtm Nhi Hota k İndia Or Pakistan Aik He Hain .....we Should Love İndians Brothers &amp; Sisters .....Well Wishes From Pakistan ....Naveed

nice

waiting for salman khan sir

nice

proud to be Muslim

flop movi.......fan

Oh I love SRK even more after watching this video...he&#39;s so genuine and honest and not fake like other actors. Of course he cares about his image but he was so truthful when he said it&#39;s okay to be materialistic, in order to provide for your family. <a href="">#SRKisthe</a> best

srk love uuuu

shahruk khan kafi phaak ra hai...... bahot bada jaheel insaan hai..... jhoot ka badsha

Aamir may earn the respect, but SRK rules d heart

i think indian movies makers now understand that market is changing rapidly,  biggest example was flop movie of &quot;DIL WALEY &quot; .... people dont watch 90,s style romantic movies any more, they want either action, comedy and digital effects movies .... thats why every indian block buster is copy of Hollywood, s  3 movies , less time , less stress, big budget , big non-indian audience .... happy new year, dabang, krish , don, kick , robot these all best examples

amazing man

shahrukh khan rocks

fucking this guy just look like fake

Damn I love SRK&#39;s suit! The man knows how to dress.

we luv u srk...

best interview...bcuz srk spoke his heart out!!!

THE WAY HE TALKS IS VERY CHARISMATIC

SRK y0u are the Best

Awesome Man! India should be so proud of SRK - I Am with you Tolerance is an ugly and provocative word! Acceptance is the right word and has also been my mantra in my own small way! xoxo

love you King Khan 😙

I think sometimes srk hides his struggle of his life... itni asaani se kon superstar ban sakta hai... mehnat to amitab se leke dilip kumar tak aur aaj ke ranveer singh tak sabne hi ki hai!! bina mehnat koi itni height pe nahi poch jaata!!! so I think srk should tell his stories of hard work and dedication of how an actor who came from delhi with no blowood links became a super star!!! :)

we love srk

यती सुन्दर भिडियो।

How many times you will call him superstar... ??

we love you srk you are the best for india but some people create some negatife about you . you are the best i love srk

aap ke father freedom fighters the .mana liya jiya .per koi avoidance hai kya.facology

No one can ever replace Bachchan

most honest actor.. all day I want to hear him ..

omg ..I was smiling n at times laughing all thru it !

awesome ... SRK is best.. most funny

SRK is best

SRK = The Number One  <b>Bakhchod</b>

this program looks fake.

<a href="">36:46</a>

&quot;Butt student&quot;, I wanna get free with you and certainly like lodhi&#39;s, am I?

nice love u srk

Lesson for SRK from the Intolerant story:Avoid giving interview to Barkha, she ll twist and spin whatever you ll say to suit her political agenda

SRK is SOB

(4) &quot;I love you Love torture worse than death, that how hard, how frightening it can feel only bhuktabhugii&quot;

(4) &quot;I love you Love torture worse than death, that how hard, how frightening it can feel only bhuktabhugii&quot;

A REAL SUPERSTAR MAN HATSOFFF TRULY ISNPIRATIONAL......LUV U SRK

5th في. لا    0و99

yaar,aap deshbhakta hain toh humari cinema ko antartica,ivory coast and other countries mein lekar jaayein.samjhe mr.khanAap mahabharatapar bh filmi banayein. as an admire am saying.please take us global.please its an request.please,please.-9871856131

world&#39;s bestest Actor Shahrukh 😍😍😍😘😘😘 so sweet n honest

i love you SRk

Every time I hear him,I feel his charm.With Rajat Sharma his best comes out.

Love you Srk

love u shahrukh

unique n amazing acter

love you so much Shah Rukh Khan,,,i&#39;am from Indonesia...

sun Lo be is hkle chakke ki najayaj aulaado ....agr mere comment Kisine apni ammi chudaai... to is hkle hizde k sath sath uski b maa ka bhosda....

i m ur big fan

superb he is really king and i love him

kasam se kya chutiya hai....kya zarurat thi aisi chutiya movie ki

fan flop ho gayi aur chedo be hinduo ko

fully scripted .. !! 99% fake !!

shahrukh khan is not only the best actor but he is mind blowing and genius man

proud to be srk fan

I love...srk...

suar rukh khan is outdated. Fan was such a crap movie

ye sala boltaa ek hai dil se kalaa hai totally anty hai hindus.. ka

😍😘😄😚

Simply awesomeWowKitna sachha h ye insaan

i m the biggest fan of srk.love u khan

Yeh judge Bohad advance aadami lagta hai 😂

safai mat do hum apka interview dekh chuke hain. Himmat hai to saudi ja kar yahi bat kaho

Just infinite love for him,Good or Bad acting doesn&#39;t matter.

Nice Suite Buddy

So elegant :)

wow

SRK in damage control mode. Trying to win back ppl who he lost few months back. But its too late !

The one and only king shahrukh khan

BEST ACTOR

Well, he is clearly the most intelligent actor ever, that&#39;s for sure! And haters will deny that even :D

Agar aap bahot bade desh bhakt hai to hamare jawan kya hai aap kisi ko compair na kare

srk the best

That acceptance line👍,👏

Hey y u Indian always ask for certification from the Muslim in India that they love India

I just love the interview from 36.20 to 37.46I love u k..k...kiran he does it so flawlessly

👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻

King Srk

3 4 peg laga ke aaya hai is interview main

tt

Srk is the one of the best actor and a best entertainer I love you sir you are my favorite actor

<a href="">#RESPECT</a>

The audience is fucked up .... really

shah ruk donates money to pakistan for drought prone areas...somebody pls tell why he doesn&#39;t contribute any money for indian farmers...specially for maharastra farmers who are commiting suicide.....this is the reason i hate tshah ruk khan

how I rank actors1-Leonardo DiCaprio2-Shahrukh Khan3-Matthew McConaughey

Rt now i am living in australia, basically i am from nepal but i have lived for many years in india too. I have seen lots  of shah rukh&#39;s  movies, he is the most wonderful and amazing actor that india have ever. A real talent and out of the movie  world, he carries the best instincts of true personality. I am proud to say as  i am his  one of a fan as rest of the world is. :)

his tone sounds a bit like gaurav chandna now

khata iadia ka hai Aur seaport  Pakistan ko

There is nobody as witty as srk this guy really has amazing charm

Fuck this srk. Srk is full of shit

cool

srk ek desh drohi hai

This show has unfortunately become more or less a publicity ground for actors like SRK and Aamir. When their movies dont do well (not saying flop), because of their image, they come here and give their justification in a hope that the damage stops. I will request the anchor and channel to not make this show as Comedy nights where actors can come and market before its release. this show is far greater than that.

Who dresses this guy. For the amount of money he gets, you&#39;d think he could hire someone to dress him properly.

salman khan accha hei.....dil bi accha hei.salman garib log ko madat karta hei...but shahruk neihi karta ...ghamandi hei..

chootiya crap actor

Love u sir

💖 SRK !

love u shahrukh

totally fake

So humble and kind. The Interview was commendable from start to end.

He&#39;s looking so much like irfan khan

Mujhe paisa nahin chahiye..aap film mein lagajiye....Still you make film like DILWALE, HAPPY NEW Year,,,Strange....

fan film is totally flop.

lovely superb

good your mom

Proud of being your FAN.

shahrukh khan is great actor

Really intolerance

thanks for clarifications... respect...

Raees, FAN, Sultan or Dangal : Which Movie will be the Biggest HIT of 2016? Vote here <a href="">

srk is one of the most magnificent star the WORLD has ever got or ever will

faltu hero faltu flim

king of romance

This guy must be magical!!! You just dont want to stop hearing him speak!!! Like if u agree!!!!

srk lots of love from nepaal

Genuine man

jalne waale jalte rahe bat SRK is the best❤❤❤👍

best yaar

Shah Rukh has done so well in FAN it&#39;s such a great movie

Really great person.. Pride of India.. Stk we love u

super

awsm srk👍👍👍

I love u srk sir....

Shah Rukh Khan se zyada honest celebrity duniya mein nahi milega , Jo bolta hai dil se bolta hai ...koi banawati baatein , Jo dil mein hai wahi sabke saamne hai ...

Just stop Shahrukh! We understand you made a movie. Stop cooming and boring me on every f***ing show and going on and on!Let the movie talk for itself. Dont sell you movie into our head. If you make good movies like Chak De, we will automatically watch it!

srk u ever my hero

Awesome interviewLove u SRK❤

Srk Srk Srk❤❤❤

fan hu app nahe samjage

I love you Shahrukh

Sallu ko bulao yr show me

This is your good interview sharukh

waste actor.....dil ka accha neihi hei

Super &#39;Gay&#39; Star Shahrukh

plz invited sunny deol

He is so very talented. The way he handles Rajat, no one can does it.

very good

respect. ab isme boli gayi achhi batein  nahi dikhaenge news waale

haters....watcn the complete interview and judge him by character not movies or acting...

he is born to rock

I hate him like hell

This guy&#39;s wit is amazing. He should do out and out comedy in an Intelligent scripted movie. Enough of HNY, dilwale,Ra One,, More with good storylines and great acting. Fan is a first step towards that old SRK that we all loved. Hoping Raees will be good as well..

bhakts trying hard   to spread  hatred

Lol the movie couldn&#39;t even reach 100cr club ! Aur bolo India is extremely intolerant ! Lol

fake actor

He is very rich cant he do some whiting to his teeth lool..

love u srk im hilal khan from pakistan in peshawar

sab bakwaas kar raha h

they are making fun of arunab goswami!!

Nishant b Teri himmat kaise Hui aisa likhne ki

Rajat sharma- 22 saal pehle.....22 saal pehle......22 saal pehle, :-)

lets not be tolerant of each...but lets be accepting of each other...tolerant means bardasht karna and accepting means kabool karna...

Liar

Nishant  b  are you mad why are you telling like that are you really mad pig . When you die then only you will come to know what was right now tere aankhon par aur dil par parda pada hua hai Allah agar tujhe hidayat na de to ye Teri bad nasibi hai

srk a liar

Badshah

Legend Actor Srk 💝😘

saree kaali kaali larkeeya beedee hai..

meat is in d last 10 mins.. kudos srk and Rajat sharma for getting the point straight..

I watched almost all his interview and now i can say nobody in the world can give interview  better than him his clarity of thought, his way of speaking seriously mind blowing

best inspirational talk

ya srk is gud bt. having statmnt if intolrnce i deny him. bt he is gud.

i love you king khan ❤❤❤❤❤❤ you are the best!! 💋💋💋💋💕💕💕💕💕💞💞💞💞💞💞💜💜💋💋💋💖💖💖💖💖💙❤💟💞💝💘💗

even m nt big fan of SRK bt still i like the way he talks... he has this things with words ...

why don&#39;t you record in hd???

he is king of heart

love you ShahRukh😘😘

most awesome SRK

my fav is akshay kumar ,,,,but saharukh is a versatile actor

prod of being srkians

great real life actor, he knows how to tame people. hats off

Love u Shah Rukh

most overrated actor in history

srk nailed it :)

We love u srk

rajat sharma ek bar feku ko bhi bula le aap ki adalat me aur kala dhan pak berojgari vikas ke bare me puch le

sharukh bhai aap har show me yahi keh rahe ho k ladkiya hi fan hai apki..hum ladke b bahot fan hai apke..dis is nt fair

First movie was Deewana not Baazigar.. so he started as a lover boy

sharukh is the best actor in Bollywood..❤❤

please give him an Oscar SRK really deserves it !!!

Aap Ki Adalat lost it&#39;s standard.

SRK i think you are not honest anymore as you were .thx

then why the hell u do happy new year, dilwale...please dont do  that....

Aapne dum se issne duniya pe Raaj kiya hai without Any God Father.. His greatest thing which I like his Humbleness and he acknowledged his mistakes.. which no other star accepts. I am his always be his Jabbra Fan.

Mai sabse Bada Deshbhagt hu .. how u can give such a statement... Sabse Bada sirf or sorf desh bhagta Indian Army Man hai.. jo royal or luxury life nai jee rahe ... again conterversial statement again

इसका बहिस्कार करो पाकिस्तान परस्त है कुत्ता ।

harami hai kutta.

He is the best actor, genuine.

srk the unpatriotic

my eyes were  wet @ <a href="">13:50</a> !!!

Gauri calls every 5 min? Asked twice?

SRK IS BASTARD

fuck off....chaploosy

kya dilliwalapan dilliwalapan laga rakha hai

u may like his films or not but how can anybody hate him for the person he is

king khan★★★★★

Hatts off SRK

kuch bi bol... Sharukh chutia actor tha aur hai

<a href="">39:00</a>

Fuck Haters......he is The Bestttt!!

wh0  sad u rajat we r d faan of shahrukh . issna aaj taak kiya kya hai desh ka liya???i hate him.

Just look how  he greeted in Arabic style, not in India style. He made a complete U-turn on intolerance and jihaad. Al-Taqiya will  more work in twenty first century.

be fooling us

sorry she&#39;s wrong his biggest Fan are guys! even though he has more girl fans

world biggest Star Shah Rukh Khan

Srk is best bab my bab ka Tara

during kedarnath srk nd salman not even donated a single rupee for helping our own citizensbut in dubai both srk and salman every year donatesmillions of rupeeit proves there national feeling

U r realy super hero... And saccha deshbhaqt

he has gratitude towards....india and he knows without support and love of majority ...he cant be in dis position........he has so much self respect.....i wish....we all accept and respect each other religions....

😘😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️

duniya k nai desh ke loll

many of the politicians are corrupt

I love srk and I love all khan&#39;s ❤ srk, salman, Aamir ❤❤❤❤ I like the interview 😍 thanks app ki adalat 👍

SRK always wins heart by his answers.... love u Shahrukh....

I&#39;m not a Shahrukh Khan fan. I&#39;m watching him since his start, more than 24-25 years. by his interview, I appreciate his honesty and truthiness.

intelligent SRK

KING KHAN FOR A REASONSRK DON

all world srk

super hit

SRK IS THE BEST IN THE WORLD..Best in everything..In terms of acting and also as a person..Love him so much true inspiration

bhai yrr jo pichaaeee baithii hai judge k bagal mein....who is shee.....she is so cuteee yrr...whats ur name baby...:D

<a href="">23:31</a> fucking savage lol!! love u SHAH!!!

West fellow.....

superrr

love you king

Sharuk khan is father of whole bollywood

love u srk

overrated actor

he was baffled when the girl asked the first question

india tv sir , can i get this in 720 hd

your kids are very very lucky!

the best down to earth human being!!

I still love his interviews but they are nothing compared to his old interviews. Now he&#39;s a little held back and that wit is not that visible compared to earlier.

watch breakthrough by vignesh in YouTube and support it..

this is clearly double speak... first tell country has extreme intolerance but later change the plate...this is called foot in the mouth...

self proclaimed super star. . rubbish

this jocker can do anything for marketing.  rubbish actor arrogant person award buyer

srk u need not to prove ur patriotism..we know u and we love u.. we also knw how rajdeep and some media person created this story to proved their loyalty to congress and try to portrayed our respected pm and our country as intolerant.. so love u srk..

PLEASE INTERVIEW SALMAN AND SHAHRUKH TOGETHER.

the king is back l love king Khan I love my India

the great Indian to king Khan

Anti nationalist

bakula bhagat

TRUELY A KING.HE DESERVE IT

SRK&#39;s FAN is a HIT or Flop? Watch Movie Review here <a href="">

aapka aap ki adalat is wrong where is intolrence

living legend💯

biggest star in the world - SHAH RUKH khan

fuck u all d haters who dislike this video.

sir, you r original and unique... don&#39;t loose ur uniqueness! I lv Baazigar more than darr!

we.....love you SHAHRUKH ❤❤❤

You are my god. You&#39;re the best. Jabra fan.

Bakwas

Sala movie or paise ke liye kuch bhi krne ke liye taiyar ho jaata kutaa phir bhi bfadaar hota h pr ye mc h

aisi deewangi dekhi nahi kabhi...

wow..he is ossom!..loved his movie fan...mwaaaaaaaaahs !!

Well we have reached a phase in country where Modi is being considered Father of Nation, BJP members &amp; followers are considered  Nationalists ...Anyone even raise any concerns in society will be branded Anti Nationals ... Seriously ? This once again shows how much ever we move forward these politicians will pull us back with Religious rope...When Congress was in power they used the same rope to polarize, &amp; BJP is doing no different ... We Indians without any alternatives looking at sky !When will communal minds realize people need peace the one in between Orange &amp; Green !

Bakwaas actor and person

Ameen!

SRK u r the best u r the pride of our nation

God Of Acting ..luv u from Nepal

back side women is awesummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm .... nympho..

such a nice person

He deserves the Love, Respect, Money and Fame.Shah Rukh Khan will go down the hall of fame. He will be an icon of inspiration for billions to come, as he has been in present. He will be known as long as acting, cinema and movies exist. Much Love to Mr. SRK.

biggest movie star in the world

U ALL  ARE FOOL  EK NUMBER KA NAUTANKI BAAJ HIJDA..AISE HICHUTIYA BANO KUCH NAHI MILNE WAALA ONLY AMIT JI BEST ACTOR..

King of Kings 😍

beautiful

feku saala

I like this show I like Raja sharma

srk is the best

he is just so amazing !

Proud to be your fan sharuk...!!!☺☺☺love u

very nice

don&#39;t know how many times iv felt, said and believed this, BUT I really really love him. :* what an inspiration :)

best superstar

great

i love u srk

151 hater... God bless them even after seeing it..

im from pakistan and i love this man dont know why but he is the best actor i have ever seen

Shahrukh khan the great man World of the King khan

<a href="">23:31</a> to <a href="">23:41</a>.Nothing much to say ..

&quot;Ab to duniya manti hain&quot; Mante hain.

Shahrukh khan Love You Fan MoviesAllah aap ko Hamesha khushRakhe / App Duwa hai aap hameaha Supar Star Rahe /Insalah Allah Nek Bande ko hamesha saat hai / App Ne koi Jarur koi Nek Kam kiye Ho ge Bachapan me / Jo Allah Thala Ko Acha lagea ho ge / App ko karoro fan Duwa Daly Detea Hai/show love You / I am Big Fan

love u SRK.you r greatest actor in all over world.GOD BLESSS U.....

Amazing he is.. Love u SRK :)

superb answer on intolerence issue..

<a href="">28:00</a>

fake actor ab movie aa gaye toh desh bhakt banne ke koshih kr rha hai .he is the 2nd richest actor in the world and not even in top 10 in charity salman and akshay also do huge charity he did charity in pakistani charitable institute last year that is very shameless also he wants afridi and other pakistani player in ipl .but when afridi say i got so many fans from kahmir jiske vajah se 4 baar bharat jang lda hai pakistan setab yeh kuch nhi bolta shameful he can fools his fan not every body .ab movie aa gaye aab sharif ban rha hai in 3 months ago he also oppose beef ban .

such a humble person..lots of respect for shahrukh

i have no idea what he&#39;s talking about, just few words, but his face expressions says it all

God will create such kind of men after billions. He will be remember till the end of the world. kudos for KING KHAN and lots of love and prayers.

Fan hu, tum nahi samjoge.Go on shahrukh, potriotism is synonym of u.

love u srk

Bhosdike jabh pichlie bar pucha tha deshbhakti ke bare me toh bhaut akad ke bol aur rang dikha raha tha abh girgit ki tarah bol raha hai bhosdika.

proud to be a srk fan.!

He is the best actor, a best human being and the proud of our nation. ☺

love u srk ....

woho.. d best man in d world.. love u abundantly sir.. u rightly said some may be d greatest but u r greater than D greatest.

Paisa bhai... agar tumhare paas ho to sab kuchh kar sakte ho.. sab kuch ban sakte ho.

very humble

<a href="">23:40</a>; that is why he is the best

shahrukh khan great person. ....

srk the best king of world no1

god of acting

witty,humorous,intelligent THE KING KHAN!

superb srk s interview

Love you, Srk

Really the first question is about NaughtyLike he is the first one to be naughty?Fuck this

SRKingKhan forever &amp; always!!!

srk best actor in the world iove you sharukh khan

He almost said &quot;Bhe****d at <a href="">37:05</a>.

this is what i called an interview................hypocryite will say whatever they want to say but sir you are great as always

love u srk😍😍😍😘😘😘

my v big biggest FaN love u shah sir

I m a big fan of salman...but after watched this interview I really inspire to mr srk....love u sir god bless and u r the best actor ever n ever...

he is smartest, biggest, and honest. He doesn&#39;t mean india is intolerant.

ha  haa    .  yaar    hucklanaa    chhod   diyaaa  haaaa

@Piyush Purohit lavdeke baal

ye to chomu hi

SRK is the best.

Srk king of Bollywood

thoda salman se sikho ke indian kise kahte hai

Great speaker

Great speaker

srk u r d best. ..

Super duper.....luvd it.......God bless u....u r first one by whom bollywood was a mouth word in europe, even in countries who don&#39;t understand hindi

Every time he gives so much positivity. Awesome actor !!

Good

Hi  srk I&#39;m Basheer khan and I&#39;m from Afghanistan and I&#39;m a big fan of you

Chutiya

great actor wid great sense of humor

love you shahrukh

greatest actor and greatest movie ...FAN

Love u SRK........very nice person...........

apni kismat par shukar kiya Kar barbar allah srk  shk   smk

most amazing man ever !

lop frm USA

he is the most lovable actor. I luv you like a big brother. Wish you all the best for the life.Adnan Azhar.

really i feel so bad ki bina kisi wajah koi bhi aapko anti national bol deta hai only one reason ki aap muslim ho and u r great successfful actor i just want to say ki agar kisi ke kaam or uske dharm ki respect naa kar sako to bura bhi nai bolna chiye i still dont understand what is hindu muslim etc etc we all have 2 legs two eyes 2 hands god nai sabko same dia fir kya muslim hindu there r only 2 people in the world goon and bad good people do good work nd bad do bad  thats it srk is a hardworking person he loves his country india is a great country and our country gives us every thing due to some small minded cheap political leaders jo paise ke liye khud ko bech den unki wajah se acche logo ko bura bol dete hain log stop this plsss respect every one either he is salman amir srk  or any other who works for this country and making our county proud just think once kabhi soch ke dekhna agar tumko or tumhari family ko koi anti national bol de to kaisa lagta hai u live in this country and u work for this country then how could u can say anti national to any one without any reason stop jelousy kuch to seekho in logo se inke jaise nai ban sakte to inka bura bhi mat karo they  r doing their best tum logon se jada to outside world inko respect milti hai bcz they know their values or soch samaj ke bolo yaar u people says srk should go to pakistan i mean jis country ki koi aukat nai wo ksisi ko kya jhelega pakistan the worst place jo rape karte hain unko koi nai bolta ki pakistan jao lekin jo succesful hain hardwork karte hain sach bolte hain india ke liye woek karte hain india ko aage badane ke liye kaam karte hain unko sab bolte hain ki leave india i just hate such kind of peoples or main hi nai tum jaise logon ko khud ko indian kehne ka koi haq nai pehele khud ko sudharo khud kuch apni country ke liye kaam karo dusra to kar hi raha hai nd he is at his best dont ever say anti national to any one without any reason or fake information OR IS VIDEO MAIN BHI DEKH LIA HOGA KI SRK NAI INTOLLERECE KE ABOUT KUCH BOLA THA KI NAI U MORONS MUH UTHA KE KUCH BHI KEH DETE HO..i would thanks to rajat sir for asking this question to srk bcz in logon ko safai dena jaruri hai kal ko apni family se bhi puchenge ki prove karo aap indian ho.

SRK stands for Super Rocking Khan.... Lots of love and thanks for giving us a movie for Ourselves &quot;FAN&quot;

nice

love u shah rukh sir proud to be ur fan u r really a great inspiration and yes u have said very well aap se bada desh bhakth india main or koi nai hai bcz u have done so much for this country in the form of everything donations love inspiration motivation support for handicapped or is desh main jitni chiz famous hain unmain se aap no 1 ho bcz outside the world there sre many people who says india is popular country nd there is an great person nd actor SHAH RUKH KHAN agar aapka fan na hota tab bhi yahi bolta bcz u r really a example of success without any support of godfather u have entered in bollywood and became king of the bollywood nd the most popular star in the world i respect you for ur hard work i love u so much nd i feel really proud that i m a fan of urs i follow u and i want to become like u a great successful person love u so much...

see that is what we all have been saying from day1.... he never said India as intolerant.... it was all potrayed by media.... haters vl always be there to spread negetivity no matter what,,, but people should look for truth and not react by hearing things randomly from people....

THe people who ask about the collection of FAN..just watch <a href="">28:00</a>

chal rhney diy tu nahe smjhy ga  FAN kA FAn

IN SHORT, SRK IS AWESOME.................

nice

Very nice

SHAH RUKH KHAN is not just an actor..He is intelligent..He is down to earth..He is just a great human..God bless

Shahrukh Khan you are too good..... dont worry abt haters we will always love you.... u dont need to learn any patriotism from foolish people who have never done anything for country just doing chamchagiri of some political party on the other hand everyone around the world know what u have done for india... you have made india proud around the world... whos how talk about your intolerance interview... just watch that aaj tak interview again with some English hindi teacher and listen to his each and every word properly and then tell me whats wrong in it.... SRK U ROCK... FUCK THE HATERS WE LOVE YOU

big star in the world

love u srk

king is best

I love u arkking of bollywood king khan

English subtitles please

U r the best 😍

We love you shahrukh and day by day your fan following increase in the world so don&#39;t read comments of your haters cause they are nothing for country.

love SRK

i dont understand but his smile is enough 😍

nice

Nice sharukh khan

very nice I&#39;m big fan of srk fan movie is to awesome

King Khan

looking dull srk . don&#39;t want to see u like this . b healthy man

phony and narcissistic

dar ke mare ye sab bol rha h ki kahi film baycot nhi ho jaye

srk is the best among others

Less then average movie is FAN

shahrukhkhan khan ....amazing spokesperson in the country....with presence of mind..

King Khan SRK I love you

Jhaantoo actor but excellent speaker.. Bravo!

There was nothing new in this episode of AKA..Rajat sharma asked very similar questions to AK before..

SRK is the biggest kutta in India. Must join politics.

fan movie bus dar Ka shahrukhkhan ko yaad dilati hai...bus...

jai hind i love my cuntry

I just love it how funny and very well vocal person u just want to hear him... I love people like him

shah u r greatest nd really biggest movie star in world

A very articulate, intelligent, loving and humble human being. Love him. God bless.

jabra frend love india

onli srk

srk u r gr8 hero

kahi dar lag raha hai ke film par boykott na lagebahut extra batein ki (bakwaas) Jo nahi karni chahiye .short but sweet nahi hai srk

real.indian srk supperb

srk is best

King Khan hope now you understand what is the power of India.

power house of acting        love you sir

the best actor  in the world..

Rajat Sir U r the Best

Best actor

Chutiya !!!

Shah Rukh Khan  MURDHA BADH

love from Nepal...such a great human being...such a great actor ..respect

wow...

world best acter

I am Pakistani but i want to tell u he is great personality and sucha Hindustani

srk d best

Haters aur trolls bahut hi bevakoof log hote hain. Yeh log sirf apna time hi waste karte hain.

Jiyo Srk

super king

srk u r the bestt in the world

I love you shah rukh khan

love you Shah sir

apart from acting skill srk is also a excellent speaker......

SRK the greatest living legend!

Srk is best...

show accha per ye shakhs hamesha ejazat ko ezazat kehta hai isko aajtak kisi na bataya nahi ya ye seekhna ni chahta sahi lawz

to sref hero nehi hai... dunia hain meri............

Watched FAN...BRILLIANT MOVIE .

king khan the great

SRK should sue barkha dutt. If he doesn&#39;t do this. she will continue to behave this way. and try to make inflammatory when somebody attacks you , always attack back so that they dont think about attacking you again and also send a message to everyone looking too.

Shah rukh is lying.  he supports MIM Owaisi who said to remove police so that all Hindus can be killed.  Now he is lying to promote his film.  this strategy of lying is allowed in Islam its called Al Taqiyya मुसलमानों का सबसे ताकतवर हथियार ‘अल-तकिया’मुसलमानों का सबसे ताकतवर हथियार ‘अल-तकिया’मैं इसलिए किसी भी मुल्ले की बातों पर यकीन नहीं करता …इसने इस्लाम के प्रचार प्रसार में जितना योगदान दिया है उतना इनकी सैंकड़ों हजारों कायरों की सेनायें नहीं कर पायीं ।इस हथियार का नाम है “अल – तकिया”।अल-तकिया के अनुसार यदि इस्लाम के प्रचार .  प्रसार अथवा बचाव के लिए किसी भी प्रकार का झूठ.  धोखा .  द्रऋह करना पड़े – सब धर्म स्वीकृत है ।इस प्रकार अल – तकिया ने मुसलामानों को सदियों से बचाए रखा है ।मुसलमानों के विश्वासघात के अन्य उदाहरण -1 -मुहम्मद गौरी ने 17 बार कुरआन की कसम खाई थी कि भारत पर हमला नहीं करेगा.  लेकिन हमला किया ।2 -अलाउद्दीन खिलजी ने चित्तोड़ के राणा रतन सिंह को दोस्ती के बहाने बुलाया फिर क़त्ल कर दिया ।3 -औरंगजेब ने शिवाजी को दोस्ती के बहाने आगरा बुलाया फिर धोखे से कैद कर लिया ।4 -औरंगजेब ने कुरआन की कसम खाकर श्री गोविन्द सिघको आनद पुर से सुरक्षित जाने देने का वादा किया था. फिर हमला किया था. 5 -अफजल खान ने दोस्ती के बहाने शिवाजी की ह्त्या का प्रयत्न किया था ।6-मित्रता की बातें कहकर पाकिस्तान ने कारगिल पर हमला किया था ।आतंकवाद की जड़ कुरान हदीथ की ये आयते हैं जो गैर मुस्लिमों को मार डालने या कन्वर्ट करने को कहती हैं.  आमिर खान शाह रुख खान को कुरान असहिष्णु नहीं लगता :गैर मुसलमानों पर रौब डालो . और उनके सर काट डालो . काफिरों पर हमेशा रौब डालते रहो . और मौक़ा मिलकर सर काट दो .  सूरा अनफाल - 8 :12. काफिरों को फिरौती लेकर छोड़ दो या क़त्ल कर दो . &quot;अगर काफिरों से मुकाबला हो . तो उनकी गर्दनें काट देना उन्हें बुरी तरह कुचल देना . फिर उनको बंधन में जकड लेना . यदि वह फिरौती दे दें तो उन पर अहसान दिखाना.  ताकि वह फिर हथियार न उठा सकें .  सूरा मुहम्मद - 47 : 4. गैर मुसलमानों को घात लगा कर धोखे से मार डालना . &#39;मुशरिक जहां भी मिलें.  उनको क़त्ल कर देना.  उनकी घात में चुप कर बैठे रहना.  जब तक वह मुसलमान नहीं होते सूरा तौबा -9 :5. इतनी लड़ाई करो कि दुनिया मे सिर्फ इस्लाम ही बाकी रहे . &quot;यहां तक लड़ते रहो . जब तक दुनिया से सारे धर्मों का नामोनिशान मिट जाये. केवल अल्लाह का धर्म बाक़ी रहे.  सूरा अन फाल-8 :39. हरदम लड़ाई की तयारी में लगे रहो.  &quot;तुम हमेशा अपनी संख्या और ताकत इकट्ठी करते रहो.  ताकि काफिर(गैर मुस्लिम) तुमसे भयभीत रहें . जिनके बारे मे तुम नहीं जानते समझ लो वह भी तुम्हारे दुश्मन ही हैं अलाह की राह में तुम जो भी खर्च करोगे उसका बदला जरुर मिलेगा .  सूरा अन फाल-8 :60. कुरायजा के समर्पण के बाद.  मुहम्मद ने हर उस यहूदी लड़के को मार डालने का आदेश दिया जो यौवनारंभ की अवस्था में था| मोहम्मद के सैनिकों ने हर लड़के की पतलून उतार कर देखा की उसके पशम स्थान पर बाल आ गए हैं क्या ताकि उसके सिर काट सके |( सहीह मुस्लिम 4390)जो अल्लाह के लिए युद्ध नहीं करेगा . जहन्नम में जाएगा . &quot;अल्लाह की राह में युद्ध से रोकना रक्तपात से बढ़कर अपराध है.  जो युद्ध से रोकेंगे वह वह जहन्नम में पड़ने वाले हैं और वे उसमे सदैव के लिए रहेंगे .  सूरा अल बकरा -2 :217. जो अल्लाह की राह में हिजरत नकरे उसे क़त्ल करदोजो अल्लाह कि राह में हिजरत न करे और फिर जाए . तो उसे जहां पाओ . पकड़ो . और क़त्ल कर दो .  सूरा अन निसा -4 :89. लूट का माल हलाल समझ कर खाओ.  &quot;तुम्हें जो भी लूट में माले -गनीमत मिले उसे हलाल समझ कर खाओ . और अपने परिवार को खिलाओ . सूरा अन फाल-8 :69. छोटी बच्ची से भी शादी कर लो . &quot;अगर तुम्हें कोई ऎसी स्त्री नहीं मिले जो मासिक से निवृत्त हो चुकी हो. तो ऎसी बालिका से शादी कर लो जो अभी छोटी हो और अब तक रजस्वला नही हो .  सूरा अत तलाक -65 :4. जो भी औरत कब्जे में आये उससे सम्भोग कर लो. &quot;जो लौंडी तुम्हारे कब्जे या हिस्से में आये उस से सम्भोग कर लो. यह तुम्हारे लिए वैध है.  जिनको तुमने माल देकर खरीदा है.  उनके साथ जीवन का आनंद उठाओ.  इस से तुम पर कोई गुनाह नहीं होगा .  सूरा अन निसा - 4 और 4 :24. जिसको अपनी माँ मानते हो उस से भी शादी कर लो . &quot; जिनको तुम अपनी माँ मानते हो . उन से भी शादी कर सकते हो . माँ तो वह हैं जिन्होंने तुम्हें जन्म दिया .  सूरा अल मुजादिला 58 :2. पकड़ी गई . लूटी गयीं मजबूर लौंडियाँ तुम्हारे लिए हलाल हैं. &quot;हमने तुम्हारे लिए वह वह औरते -लौंडियाँ हलाल कर दी हैं . जिनको अलाह ने तुम्हें लूट में दिया हो . सूरा अल अह्जाब -33 :50. लूट में मिले माल में पांचवां हिस्सा मुहम्मद का होगा. &quot;तुम्हें लूट में जो भी माले गनीमत मिले उसमे पांचवां हिस्सा रसूल का होगा .  सूरा अन फाल- 8 :40. अवसर आने पर अपने वादे से मुकर जाओ. &quot;मौक़ा पड़ने पर तुम अपना वादा तोड़ दो.  अगर तुमने अलाह की कसम तोड़ दी.  तो इसका प्रायश्चित यह है कि तुम किसी मोहताज को औसत दर्जे का साधारण सा खाना खिला दो.  सूरा अल मायदा - 5 :89. इस्लाम छोड़ने की भारी सजा दी जायेगी . &quot;यदि किसी ने इस्लाम लेने के बाद कुफ्र किया यानी वापस अपना धर्म स्वीकार किया तो उसको भारी यातना दो .  सूरा अन नहल -16 :106. जो मुहम्मद का आदर न करे उसे भारी यातना दो जो अल्लाह के रसूल की बात न माने. उसका आदर न करे.  उसको अपमानजनक यातनाएं दो .  सूरा अल अहजाब -33 :57. मुसलमान अल्लाह के खरीदे हुए हत्यारे हैं . &quot;अल्लाह ने ईमान वालों के प्राण खरीद रखे हैं . इसलिए वह लड़ाई में क़त्ल करते हैं और क़त्ल होते हैं . अल्लाह ने उनके लिए जन्नत में पक्का वादा किया है अल्लाह के अलावा कौन है जो ऐसा वादा कर सके .  सूरा अत तौबा -<a href="">9:11</a>1. अपनी औरतों को पीटो. &quot;अगर तुम्हारी औरतें नहीं मानें तो पहले उनको बिस्तर पर छोड़ दो . फिर उनको पीटो . और मारो सूरा अन निसा - <a href="">4:34</a>. काफिरों के साथ चाल चलो . &quot;मैं एक चाल चल रहा हूँ तुम काफिरों को कुछ देर के लिए छूट दे दो ताकि वह धोखे में रहें . सूरा अत तारिक -<a href="">86:16</a>. 17. अधेड़ औरतें अपने कपडे उतार कर रहें . &quot;जो औरतें अपनी जवानी के दिन गुजार चुकी हैं और जब उनकी शादी की कोई आशा नहीं हो . तो अगर वह अपने कपडे उतार कर रख दें तो इसके लिए उन पर कोई गुनाह नहीं होगा .  सूरा अन नूर -24 :60

nice!

I love srk

sharukh khan is the most intelligent actor in the world :) sharukh khan ki success hi unke hatters ke liye tamacha he kuch log sharukh ko defame karne ka try kar rahe he lakin sach ye he sharukh jitna success hone per logo ko jalan he aur ye jal kukde jalte hi rahege Sharukh rocks :)

sharukh khan is the greatest actor his heart is gold and he is true person :)

Indian cinema popular in the whole world because of king khan

very well said SRK...

Both are Genious

He is a chain smoker(banned from entering wankade stadium), spreads hatred between Hindu - Muslims to get publicity. Ban his movies to stop him smoke and to stop hatred. Inshallah. <a href="">#BoycottFan</a> <a href="">#SayNoToFan</a> <a href="">#Smoking</a> Kills <a href="">#SmokingCausesCancer</a>.

SRK is the most intelligent actor...

we need English subs!!!!!!

What a man shahrukh is. So witty &amp; intelligent. God bless him.

FAN was a let down :( and people liking that movie should grow up. Stop serving garbage SRK- look at your class before Happy New Year and after that!Hoping Raaes is better

I love this man

shah bai

SRK is D best

people who thinks that srk is anti national now I think they must got the answer. He&#39;s a good human kind who work hard and make our country and Indian cinema pride at the international level.

world biggest movie star....love u srk

global megastar

great legend srk

always stand with u srk sir....u r great legend of india...world biggest megastar...love u srk......fan great film...masterpiece fan....u r power house of acting......superb...god of acting srk sir.....love u

Interview script better than his movies

Like Virat Kohli in Cricket We need new Young SuperStars in Bollywood  ..Too Much Stagnation in Bollywood In 2010&#39;s We deserve Better Cinema and New Stories and New Young SuperStars

love u shahrukh

He is totaly Stupid...

ise bolte hai palti marna Shah Rukh Khan ko samajh aa gya ki India ke khilaf bolna use bhari padne wala hai..

Worlds biggest superstar

SRK is d most fab. actor of all time.luv u.m ur jabra fan
