

When I heard “ I’m Iron Man” last time. I keep telling people they should move on… Some do but not me

I don&#39;t think I even bothered with a trailer for this movie. Now that I&#39;ve seen it all I&#39;ve got to say is, that ending didn&#39;t age well.

Still get goosebumps seeing this

I get emotional watching this still.

omg the nostalgia of watching this trailer over and over, getting hyped for this film, i miss the hype

Till date I&#39;ll never forget the hype and the final battle...I don&#39;t think any marvel movie will top this 

Love this movie 3000.

5 years later, i still get goosebumps watching this trailer. Talk about perfect casting.

the perfect trailer doesnt exs-

The first 23 MCU movies (collectively as the Infinity Saga) was truly a once in a lifetime cinematic experience. Concluded by a brilliant finale.

Who come 2024,,

This movie became  part of our lives. The endgame trailer lives rent free in my head

Can&#39;t believe its been almost five years since endgame

Anyone in 2024 

This is the best Marvel movie in my opinion. It just ages like fine wine whenever watching it. The emotional weight, the payoff, the nostalgia, the finale, the taking of risks, and the humanizing of the OG characters were wonderful. I stg, whenever watching this, I feel like “no wonder Marvel never got any better than this…”. And Iron Man also proved that he is the best MCU character that no one can replace him. He was willing to sacrifice himself to save everyone. Marvel can never be able to replicate its impact. Love it 3000Although Avengers 5 and Secret Wars are promising, I feel like they won’t be able to live up to this masterpiece because the impact, as I’ve said before, is gonna be impossible to replicate and it and infinity war were the first of their kind.

Still watching in March 2024

Still watching this in 2024 lol peak MCU. Hoping Deadpool &amp; Wolverine bring us back to the glory days!

Whatever it takes

I can’t believe it’s been almost 5 years, I wish I could relive the hype for this movie again

Who misses Our greatest superhero iron man aka Tony stark

Thanos :- fail Covid :- hold my beer 

Who is here in 2024?

5 years later

Who&#39;s watching this masterpiece in 2024 

Zelenskiy on the Top.

Code: Hawkeye.

The part where Thor is holding storm breaker and I guess is charging up something . Is that a deleted scene? I also loved when he said “I saw all these people die” it still gives me chills

<a href="">1:12</a> &quot;bananas&quot;

mds parece que foi um dia desses.

BPA death f g jesus American items ute bible verse Paterson

I phone political Peter gril holy fur pkids bible v v v v

I am glad all the good marvel movies came out before the pandemic.

gosh it seems like a thousand years ago.

I&#39;m indian

Simple

Will I be back ??? Pray

  thank you everyone for my birthday gifts

thanos coming

2024-Still watching this trailer...just to feel, how it felt.

And 4 years later YouTube thought it was the best time to recommend this 

Life peaked when infinity war and endgame came out

Duck jeuus blood payer

Death Mondal police bgm Peterson Hollywood can can Peter thomas blood payer kache niye gelo r US Car

Never seen this movie because the epicness of movies has gotten to the point that it is depressing and sucks the enjoyment out of the movie. Why is it black and white? Is the purposeful color problem sprinkled throughout the whole movie or is confined to one particular part that can be skipped?

This still gives me shivers. Nothing in CBM will ever match this.

5 years later , still a masterpiece

Me in 2019:Me in 2024:Nothing changes for Avengers....  \__/  (•_•)  /&gt;

Watching in 2024 again

We&#39;re coming up on 5 years since this epic opening trailer debuted. Think about all that has happened since then all around us and all around the MCU. The title was speculated for months but it was the sheer validation of everyone who correctly predicted Endgame and the eruption reactions will never grow old. Excelsior!!

speechless

I watched this in the third day it came out in cinemas every seat was filled with people in my opinion 4th best movie oat because of the hype and the goosebumps

This movie is my childhood.

You know what is the craziest thing? that we are 5 years away from this movie turning 10 years since it came out and only 4 years until it turns 20 years since Ironman

one of the peaks of my life

I really really wanna go back to when the hype for this was insane

Still watching in 2024?

There will never be another moment like this.

Still waiting for a new avengers movie?

India Wale like koro

It’s a bummer we won’t get another Marvel movie like this again on the bright side the good mcu films we had wasSpider man no way home Shang chi legend of the ten ringsBlack panther wakanda forever .

It was so epic

I remember the hype around this movie so well, can’t believe it was 5 years ago

I had to ask when Falcon dies because he is black and the color of the trailer doesn&#39;t help.

157M views!!!! Wow

2024 and I&#39;m still watching this trailer just for the nostalgia

2024 comment here

I&#39;m back here with my eyes full of joy drops 

its 2024 and Captain marvel still being the worst characters in the MCU

A quien más YouTube le recomendó este video en 2024?



Still got goosebumps and tears

After 7 year same goosebumps 

2024?

It&#39;s 2024  still get the same goosebumps  miss em

<a href="">1:58</a> the music is absolutely heavenly 

They gotta bring thanos back

I wish i watched this on cinema,to feel the real goosebumps and the shout of people

Today is 2024 , and i very very miss the so much;)

If Marvel can get back Iron Man with the name of Avengers Reunion it’s also possible and also a black widow Everything is possible We want avengers again

Im getting WRESTLEMANIA 40 Vibes fr!!!!

Cody&#39;s last chance. To save wwe.

this really the end of marvel now

I miss the MCU, Disney has destroyed a decade of work

I love you all

Marvel ain’t doing it like this anymore

Who’s watching this in February, 2024?

Got this trailer recommended 

It feels weird but the MCU used to be pretty great. A shame that they are now tarnishing their legacy.

GTA VI gonna relieve the times before covid

The world has changed

Waste movie

It&#39;s creepy how this movie came out Right before the pandemic. It seems weird the parallel the similarities between covid 19 and that&#39;s snap do similar.

It feels like yesterday when I watched it for the first time

IW and endgame was good but after all of those heroes deaths it was not worth it

Absolutely crazy to think its 1 month today till its been 5 years since we had this trailer to one of the best Saga&#39;s ending

Comback in 2024 

One of most legendary trailers of all time.

I miss the MCU. THE REAL MCU.

Who else watching this masterpiece trailer in 2024??

This is were the MCU should have ended...

Background music still hits hard...

I can’t believe Endgame only came out 40 years ago

2019 is the best year of my life, Deadpool 3 is coming, but this movie is still good ️

I miss tony so much

This really was the Endgame… for Marvel.

I still came here 

We want re release

Tony 

The new Marvel Movies don’t have the same hype anymore as these beautiful films made by The Legendary Russo Brothers 

After 5 years it still gives goosebumps

The pause of dialogue before Tony says “whatever it takes” breaks my heart 

Remember when we had Cap and Iron Man…well now we have the Marvels‍️

Watching this in 2024 and still I got goosebumps

Still watching it

“The world has changed, there’s no going back”That’s exactly how I think of this franchise after look back at these beautiful memories

ironman umarł jak coś

Exodus 20:7You shall not invoke the name of the LORD, your God, in vain

Ephesians 4:29 No foul language should come out of your mouths, but only such as is good for needed edification, that it may impart grace to those who hear.

Amazing

People tell me I should move on from the past phases of the mcu some do but not us

watched this after such a long timeI have goosebumps

Interessante quando ele estica o braço e o martelo vem

I will never move on 

Best thing marvel can do rn is just Reboot the franchise

Who still here to rewatch again the trailer in 2024

<a href="">1:49</a> goosebumps

Lord please release me from my burden of ever having to see ...another Marvel movie in my lifetime..Amen.

2019

Hey Maggie i love

What a brilliant trailer, this still excites me so much, its such a shame that after the brilliance of Avengers : Endgame  there has been so many Marvel movies that have been complete crap!

I can&#39;t believe this trailer came out in 2019 time really flies

Ever since the premiere, this has been my all time favorite movie. Not just from marvel, but in general.

I watch this trailer to motivate myself. &quot;Whatever it takes&quot; to achieve my goals...

Так приятно снова пересмотреть трейлер этого шедевра

Who is watching this in 2024

i come here to try and feel the first time i saw this

Rewarching these trailers has me more hyped for Kang Dynasty and Secret Wars

After almost five years it&#39;s still really impresive how they made the trailers super fague to not give up the plot

they had hinted some things in the trailer and we completely missed themin the beginning of trailer - Tony: I was really hoping to pull of one last surpriseand when he tries in the final battle, he couldn&#39;tPeggy to Steve: None of us can go backand guess who goes back

I am watching this trailer in 2024

I love you 3000

They put Mjolnir in place of Stormbreaker in this trailer.

Now imagine what the epic will be like in Avengers: Secret Wars

또보러 왔습니다 갓아여..

Sometimes I reckon back to this, not to mourn what has now been destroyed, but to be happy that it once existed

Watching this trailer in 2024 and it still makes me so hyped

2024 and still watching this epic trailer

You just had to be there

I miss these days .....

The world has changed and none of us can go back. This hits hard after covid 

They don&#39;t make them like they used to

The conversation between Tony and Cap gives goosebumps till now 

It’s breathtaking to watch these two miracle movies. You cant help but cry and the most unexpected and emotional moments. If only Marvel could start doing movies like these again.

2024 

If this movie was a kid they would be in 1st grade where in 2024 guys I feel old

Good old days

Missing old Marvel phase



Pięć miliardy zarobionych w  premierę

Kids these days don&#39;t know the marvel we knew

it seems like a thousand years ago since this trailer. <a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/finger-red-number-one"></a>2024 still watching!

I miss this MCU

Who else is watching this in 2024?

&quot; god its seems like a 1000 years ago&quot; ...yeap thats how it feels to watch this trailer years after.

Whole trailer is GOOSEBUMPS

Thanos was Right 



Nothing can beat this

And there were no more movies after this and everyone lived happilly ever after. Except maybe GOTG3 and Spiderman. The end.

I miss the 2019

marvel needs to come back to their roots/prime

When I first saw this trailer, I would pay whatever it cost for a time machine, just to re-live my reaction when i first seen this!

já se passaram 5 anos mas isso ainda enche meu coração de emoção

And ever since this film premiered,the MCU has never been the same  bring back iron man

We miss you Ironman 

marvel peaked hereand it was never the same unfortunately

This and infinity war are the best movies of our generation, and you can’t change my mind. Good job Marvel. 

&quot;On your left...&quot;

We need this crew to protect trump vs the globalist

Still have goosebumps

This year this masterpiece turns 5 years old…

Almost 5 years passed! Still, this movie puts a smile on our face.

It’s been 5 years….

It&#39;s been 4 years but this is still the Best Marvel movie

BUT WE ALSO NEED OLD AVENGERS AND NEW AVENGERS MASHUP

plsSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

PLS TAKE IT SERIOUS YOU MARVEL STUDIOS

AND WE ALL NEED AVENGERS 2

NEED REAL AVENGERS

NEed NATASHA ROMANOFF GO TIME TRAVEL AND TAKE HER

WANT REAL THOR WHO ALWAYS SERIOUS

WANT REAL HULK

WE WANT IROON MAN 4 WITH REAL ROBERT DOWNEY JR AND WANT CAPTIAN AMERAC BACK WITH HIS REAL AGE NOT THE OLD ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

HEY YOU MARVEL FFFF TAKE BACK IRON MAN MAKE HHULK SNAP AGAIN AND TAKE BACK IRONMAN WITH SOUL STONE IDC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

am a huge marvel fan and after seeing infinity war i could not wait for endgame

End Of An Era. Ty Stan Lee



Whenever I look back at the old marvel films I always wonder if marvel can ever go back to making their movies good again

How many of You watching in 2024

جميل

It&#39;s 2024 and nothing still beats the hype before this movie. Peak Cinema

2024?

When life was good..

Good trailer but bad movie.

bro im just watching it randomly the chills im getting is insane no other movie will ever come close mark my words

goosebumps

and ofc i see this in 2024

i wish we could go back to the good old times, but it&#39;s impossible. the best we can do is to start over and hope they pull off one last one and get to our hearts again

The best trailer and movie ever, tears go down as I watch it again, Jan 10 2024

I wish this movie could&#39;ve came out three years after infinity war that way it&#39;ll be actual stakes on the line and that they know they would have to be very careful when time traveling because certain parts of the world are still on lockdown

the is a great movie till the end battle... when Cap Marvel just fly&#39;s in and basically single handily destroys Thanos&#39;s team in a few minutes.

What’s the trailer music?

I watched this movie 1000 timeA masterpiece 

&quot;Tony stark : It seems like a thousand years ago.&quot; This line has huge goosebumps in the starting of the trailer with the tune.

The best trailer of the century.

It&#39;s almost the 5th anniversary of this masterpiece

What a tine to be a movie fan..

So I want to buy this movie in YouTube or Google Play... but it&#39;s not possible until Jan 17th 2024?



The hype was real ,the expectation stands on hope ,Marvel is love... Thank you Endgame ️

You had to be there

2k24 attendance.....

Watching this just made me think &quot;Thanos might be the only villain that has ever caused a lot if damage in any movie&quot;

I can’t wait to one day relive these movies through my kids

thor 

One day when i grow up ima introduce marvel to my kids since im a big marvel fan i watched every movie i understand the multiverse and all that i know what time period the mcu is in i know in what universe x men venom and every other one are based

I enjoyed the movie, but I think they ruined it by using time travel. Time travel makes no sense and is incomprehensible. It’s all nonsense. That’s why I made my own version where there is no time travel. And this movie loses a few points for MGBT propaganda.

I enjoyed the movie, but I think they ruined it by using time travel. Time travel makes no sense and is incomprehensible. It’s all nonsense. That’s why I cut together my own version of Infinity War &amp; Endgame where there is no time travel. And this movie loses a few points for LGBT propaganda.

‍None of us can Go behind 

It&#39;s crazy here I am 5 years later having not seen the trailer since I saw the movie. And the what ever it takes Part, the last two to say it are widow and Tony 

Its like a drug I can&#39;t quit. Keep coming back here to feel that rush, that excitement I did when I watched it the for the first time.



From the ingenious Captain America, tech wizard Iron Man, and powerful Thor to the always angry Hulk, immensely clever Black Widow, and conniving Loki, all the characters irrespective of being a hero or an evil villain have thoughts on how life can be and words that can get you through some tough situations.The end of Phase 3 brought all the heroes together to fight off one imminent threat. The Avengers banded together to defeat Thanos one last time and get back the blipped population. Tony Stark was the unnamed leader of the gang and always mobilized them to do their best, not knowing that this would be the last battle he would experience alongside his friends.

Its 2024 and the hype for this movie is still the same. What I would give to experience it all over again.



I wish I could go back to the day this trailer came out....The world changed in just 4 short years. This movie, those 3 hours in the theater was the last time things felt normal.

Bring back iron man

After endgame all marvel movies became 

What Ever it takes  <a href="">1:35</a>

<a href="">0:25</a> 

 <a href="">0:15</a>

4 years



احبه

Might be the ultimate &quot;you had to be there&quot; moment. The hype was unreal and unmatched. They had the world in the palm of their hand. Just wow.

2024

Can&#39;t believe this trailer came out 3 years ago

Brie Larson is literally the worst thing to happen to Marvel.

This movie is so good that marvel literally died after this :(

What if Captain carter telling Avengers  assemble



Who else is here in 2024.1.1 ️

I can&#39;t believe this is the last time before MCU becoming a joke like nowaday.

Addiction of Mcu 

“Now talk”

2024

I’m 46 so I was around when Star Wars was at its peak but I didnt really get to enjoy or grasp its hype. The mcu infinity saga is my Star Wars.

My First YouTube search in 2024......

2024

I was alive the day GTA 6 passed endgame

Avengers: Endgame wraps up an incredible phase of the MCU by packaging every amazing element we&#39;ve gotten from ten years of work and putting it into one of the greatest stories of the universe.

Tony I love you 3000

A series  that changed a generation

First day first show of this masterpiece was one in a lifetime experience. Not just about the movie, it&#39;s epic scenes, the fact that it was a culmination of 10 years of story building, but also about the collective craziness of that day&#39;s theatre. It felt like for once everyone regardless of where they came from united to celebrate this.

Biggest mistake i missed endgame in theatre 



I remember when these were all c to b list characters. Most of them failed comic books. Cap, Thor, and Dr. Strange had terrible TV show one shots

Not watching the endgame in theatre was biggest mistake of my life, becoz of examination it sucks...

Daily coming



Can’t believe how AMAZING the MCU once was! It all peaked with EndGame for sure! It’s been down-hill ever since, and no matter what it’ll never reach those heights - ever again!



جودة عالية رهيبة واصل ابداعك 

Watching this 29th December 2023 and still gives me goosebumps

Avengers  with doctor doom badass

Avengers Kang dynasty cancelled means you can choose Avengers Eternity warS  or Avengers batterworld from comics and

Best movies

What a time to be alive. 2016-19

This made me cry all over again.

Still got goosebumps 

For some reason i came here to watch this trailer after all these years And i just can&#39;t describe the feeling The way it took me back to the day it cane out The expectations i had and how thrilled i was with this Don&#39;t think any movie will ever give me all this hype again

This was so surreal, we&#39;ll never get to experience something like this again.

Ahh the first cancerous cell in the body, Captain Marvel

As an ardent fan of Marvel and MCU I myself stopped watching mcu movies after Endgame except Spiderman No Way Home, I really miss the OG 6 Avengers, it&#39;s like watching our favourite star movie without our favourite star. A great Era 

Even After watching this movie dozens of times, i still get goosebumps watching this trailer till this day 

How meticulously they put every scene into perfection.. Infinity war and Endgame .

Who’s here in the end of 2023

I&#39;m about to watch for the first time (I&#39;m 20 min in actually)!

-2019: Wow, this movie is amazing!-2099: Wow, this movie is amazing!

Man, GTA 6 really broke the View RECORD 

Going to miss kang he is not in Avengers Kang dynasty  doctor doom is new villan of Avengers 

GTA 6 trailer just took over

Congratulations GTA 6 for being better

Im In Love With Emma Thompson 

Everyone pls play pubg lite

Doctor doom 

Avengers 

GTA VI TRAILER BEAT THIS

mcu suck now

GTA VI

A velha Marvel 

gta VI: hi

Meu auge é aqui 🇧🇷.

&quot;I keep telling everybody they should move on.... some do, but not us.&quot; = fans who remember how epic this saga was

The good old days of the MCU 

Nice movie

The fact that this trailer didn&#39;t have any action in it.  Just the most random scenes only makes it better with how epic they kept all of the secrets hidden. Crazy hype in hindsight

It really was the endgame

I just realized the similarities of Infinity War and Endgame to Alex Jones’ Endgame that released on 2007.Alex Jones’ version is about new world order, eliminating 80% of population, much similar to this Marvel’s version with Thanos wipe out half of the population and become the new God

Ya an pasado 4 años de este bellisimo trailer

even nowadays I get goosebumbs while watching it

GTA 6 is COMING 

Who all are come after watching gta 6 trailer 

oh man , what i would do to go back

so close to being 5 years since endgame... 6 since infinity war. i remember being 11 when infinity war came out

This was truly a one time experience. No other movie probably will create this amount of hype again.

Em i finished watching this movie. I knew this was the last good movie in the Marvel Universe. Don&#39;t ask me how but i just knew it deep in me i wouldn&#39;t see anything similar again

Re-release this epic movie infinity war and End game 

Still the greatest movie trailer of all time!  Still get goose bumps.

almost 5 years still cat forget

When MCU was good.

Over 4 years ago since this came out Jesus Christ, the hype for this was unreal, the marketing was good, everything about this movie was great. Exceeded expectations

GTA 6 tá chegando 

Still goosebumps to this day!

Some time i think Thanos was right

When Marvel was at its Peak

the best thing about this trailer is it sets the tone without showing to many new scenes and the ones included don&#39;t show any revealing information it doesn&#39;t provide any plot points but my god it got us so hyped, i loved no way home and it was comparable in terms of theater excitement, but pretty much every setting was shown, a huge plot point and characters were shown, a trailer should never show more than half way through the movie and if it doesn&#39;t it should be near indecipherable, MoM also had this problem say want you want ab the marvels but it&#39;s final trailer was more in-line with this thought loki s2 as well and it seems like what if is closer to that too, and echo so it seems like they were finally able to stop the ship and have set a new course

Kang dynasty hopes 

Still watching

Eat 5 &amp; do nothing JL

I was 13 or 14 when Robert Downey Jr started playing Iron Man in the movie Iron Man.He played for 11 years. I was in High school Chris Evens started Playing Captain America in the movies.

Littrely today also this teaser gives goosebumps.

This is where it all should&#39;ve ended.

1600+ Days since the release of Endgames and I haven&#39;t been able to find something better than this movie or this franchise 

No other movie will ever make me feel those moments again, Not even from Marvels again

This makes me cry every single time

<a href="">0:05</a> <a href="">0:16</a> <a href="">0:29</a> <a href="">0:49</a> <a href="">1:13</a> <a href="">1:29</a> <a href="">1:37</a> <a href="">1:51</a>

&quot;Whatever it takes.&quot; I would do egregious things to go back in time and experience Iron Man (2008), Civil War (2016), and Endgame (2021) again on opening night with zero spoilers.

GDM,they f&#39;up after this



Endgame was one of those movies that actually felt like a special event. It&#39;s pretty rare even among big budget films.

This trailer is still better then all the movies and shows after endgame. Exept now way home

If you are watching this in 2023 you are a legend

Islamic States

Still crying over the fact that I missed this masterpiece...late marvel fan....

And superhero movies have increasingly sucked ever since.

It took 4 years to reach 157m…meanwhile GTA VI is at 127m on day 2 

you just HAD to be there

miss this

Wish we could go back to this era

5 years ago this trailer was released…and this movie still being a masterpiece for the fans 

Marvel will never be the same again 

I Wish Vision Was Here.



2023 was End Game for Disney Marvel.

KGF ch2 view&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Avengers Endgame 

Watching this trailer even after 4 years, this was the peak Marvel I experienced. The hype was so unreal, and I remember waiting a month felt like waiting a year for this movie. Such a masterpiece. I wish Marvel didn&#39;t fall off after endgame as they did.

Am i the only one who think that the Avengers secondary title: Infinity War and End Game should have swap as it kinda make sense?

Goosebumps still to this day 2023 going into 2024

Gta 6 ......9 million likes people

I was here before GTA VI beats this

The last great Marvel movie since

Who is here after gta 6 beat this??

Iron Man

Here before GTA 6 trailer 1 beats this.

Gta has double the likes already

Here after 4 years 

Who is here after GTA VI Trailer?

Who&#39;s watching this after the sluggish marvel drought we have been in? I hope one day we will capture this again.

2 opções ou os roteristas são fodas ao ponte de prever algo que começa em 2023 num filme de 2012Ou os caras que fizeram essa teoria tavam chapadão no diaAcho q é a primeira opção

Still after 4 years this trailer still gives me goosebumps 

Captain america waiting 

mcu

No one ever can create such hype ever again in the industry what this created sometimes I feel like crying thinking about this

&quot;That&#39;s so cool!&quot;&quot;Yeah. The Avengers were awesome&quot;&quot;So then... Who are the Avengers now?&quot;&quot;Um... Idfk... Ms. Marvel?&quot;

It honestly feels like the presence of Brie Larson in this trailer acts as a bad omen of what&#39;s to come. I imagine it to be like seeing the Grim Reaper in a corner, just lingering, waiting for its time to destroy what was once held dear. You only ever see glimpses, but you know it&#39;s there, just waiting...

Love how these trailers were so great and didn’t spoil a single thing in the movie. Doesn’t even mention time travel.

missing you Marvel

Bro it’s from tasm1 not amazing spider man 2. The title says tasm2

what a truly insane era. then that theater experience bro, the applauses, the laughs, the cries. truly one of the best experiences i’ve ever had the pleasure of having. i miss this hype era so much, honestly nothing will ever come close to it again.

Endgame movie hype like best thing in superhero movie fan

This came out for my 40th birthday and I got to see it with my kids and I&#39;ll never experience a movie like this live, it was the most amazing thing to watch, especially the energy and emotion of the crowd.

-Yes, Thor! I like this one too!-After all this time?-Allways



Why am i so sad after watching this again 

Life peaked here

I still remember this moment vividly. I was really impressed with the last fight that put everything on my young heroes when this movie came out. In particular, I was really happy to have my favorite Spider-Man back alive, but I was really moved to tears by the sacrifice of Iron Man Tony. If possible, I would like to go back to before this movie came out and feel the thrill of watching it again.

<a href="">1:35</a> thor we needed in endgame 

We love you 3000 

I completely forgot the theme song. Almost creid when i heard it again.

You had to be there for Endgame &amp; Infinity War. PEAK superhero movies.....aaah can it be like this again ??

With the current state of the mcu right now idk how they’re gonna bring the hype for the trailer release of Avengers Kang Dynasty

The hype for this man….it’s never been the same since. One of the best superhero movies ever 

After IW, the hype for the this movie was unreal…..I started counting down the days until the premiere! Since the marvel has lost its way but if there is any movie that can rekindle the hype that was endgame it’s Secret Wars!

@marvel, vuelvan a ver sus trailer y sabran lo epico que fueron sus peliculas.

Childhood memories what a days those are 

The hype, the emotion, the vibe no other film can match this even after 100 years.

Biggest blockbuster of all time in the history

I&#39;m here, after years, and I can only think that I&#39;ll never have this emotion again, and that&#39;s sad

anjayyy

<a href="">1:52</a> Marvel fans after time travel gets invented.........

the good old days

This is not the end

2023 the year fight with Thanos and the dead our hero Iron Man Tony Stark We miss you!!!

Gracias marvel por tanto, hasta Endgame habías trazado un camino no del todo Perfecto pero si muy especial y significativo para mi vida, de verdad. Espero de verdad logres recuperar esa glorifica forma de hacer películas como antes, pero por ahora, ya no soy tan fan de lo qué haces y me duele. Vuelve pronto Marvel a ser quien eras.

We had such high hopes. Then disappointment...

Ga kerasa udah 4 tahun aja

I cried after watching this even after 4 years

Muc Avenger endgame music hit hards 



Проплаченый комментарий.

I don&#39;t understand why infinity war is better than endgame. Endgame is the best movie in the mcu universe, so far and infinity war the second best.The end!

No idea how Marvel fell so hard from this. It wasn’t even that long ago. After this movie, they lost complete direction.

I miss the hype of this movie 

Timeless classic

We’re never gonna have a theater experience like endgame ever again

Feel like thousands years ago that Marvel was once an excellent series

エンドゲームみてぇわw

Man! Take me back to the time when we&#39;d sit and wait for the trailer, then watcj 100 videos of people dissecting the trailer. Then going to the movie and losing our minds on that last scene. Cinema peaked then

Que recuerdos 

I&#39;m just now realizing that I never saw this trailer because I was avoiding spoilers like the plague, haha

Avengers Infinity War and Endgame will never be topped. Maybe if they somehow fox th3 mcu now, secret wars can top it   but man, these movies were peak. I had to actually reserve tickets a month before release

2023:still gives me chills

Bro I’ve literally watched both infinity war and endgame more times than I can count !!! more than 5 times this year I remember the chills I got in the theater Me and my buddy had to ask for extra time on our lunch just to stand in line from 11 because tickets started selling at 1 GOOSEBUMPS

Watched this for the first time recently, I felt so blessed to experience it for the first time after for years. Never gotten spoiled for me, did not even know Thanos was making a return.

Banan Alice: MCU is boring, Star Wars is better and has better characters, story....EVERYTHING...!!!! Me: Hey Rocket? Rocket Raccon: <a href="">1:29</a> Banan Alice: WHOAAA OKAY OKAY OKAY I&#39;M SORRY, I DIDN&#39;T MEAN TO SAY THAT...!!! PLEASE DON&#39;T KILL ME...!!!!! Captain America: <a href="">1:30</a>

After this,the MCU died. It was good while it lasted though

It’s now november 2023 and it’s STILL the best marvel movie ever made.

Avengers kang dynasty waiting and my favorite thunderbolts

missing mcu

Sigma 

REALLY FEELS LIKE A THOUSAND YEARS OLD NOSTALGIA

There was an era when MCU was Sigma 

Jesus Christ. Watching this still gets me. One of the most incredible achievements in movie history I think.

Movies like TFA, Endgame, and Infinity War shouldn&#39;t be considered as movies, they should be considered as global event. The hype for these were on another level!!

This trailer hits hard in November 2023…

I&#39;ll probably won&#39;t be hyped for any other movie the way i was for this back in 2019

This trailer is 100 times better than The marvels movie

The last good trailer

Looking back on the trailers and movies like Infinity Wars and Endgame is so great and to me it is crazy to think we are now at a further point in time than at Endgame which just blows my mind because when I watched the movie I was like wow 2023 is so far away and now we’re here. I’m also sad that the thing with Kang is all bad. I like Kang but of course he’s not as good as Thanos, but he was one of the best supervillains in movie history, so people hate him and now marvel might be replacing him which is just crazy.

Hass to be one of the greatest movie trailers of all time

Take me back.

THIS WAS THE END OF THE MARVEL CINEMATIC UNIVERSE

IronmanMissss you so muchYou gave us many memories and you died

This is where everything started to go wrong.

Peak marvel

when marvel was making movies of the year not the farce of it

Thank you so much Hindi movie 

It really seems like a thousand years ago

Happy diwali 2023 from India 

Thank god i was born in this era

What a time to be alive to have witnessed such a masterpiece. Man brings back the hype back when Movies were amazing

Literally i m in 2024 but my mind is still in 2019.....(i can&#39;t move on)

Here after I watched The Marvels, trying to console myself

Who&#39;s here .... 2023

I like how they don&#39;t spoil anything it shows they try to just live with the smaller avengers squad and do whatever.

Its really the end game of marvel movies after the end game. Bring back IronMan RDJ. We need IronMan 4 to bringback a decent original marvel avengers.

Endgame was really good! But the thing I didn’t like was how Thor was but then again, if Thor was at his full strength it would been a bit easy to kill thanos

Important news to share with you that’s admittedly completely unrelated to the video.For the person that’s reading this: Everyone of us are considered sinners in the eyes of God (natural rebels against His perfect law due to the fallen state of the world). Sinners deserve eternal punishment by God&#39;s perfect standard yet He made a way out for us through Jesus Christ’s death on the cross as full payment made on our behalf clearing our criminal record. But how are we to receive this free gift? Repent of your sins (that is to make the decision to turn away from your sinful life) and place your faith entirely in Christ’s work on the cross as your savior from Eternal damnation. Get into the Word of God (the Holy Scriptures) now to learn more about God, the true state of the world, and why we all desperately need Christ today. Call out to God with a genuine heart and He promises that He will make Himself known to you.

still a goosebump!!

i remember when end game released 4 years ago. I was 11 at the time and my dad asked if I wanted to watch a movie called &quot;Endgame&quot; didn&#39;t even know what that movie was since I&#39;ve never watched a marvel movie at that time. Really regret saying no to this movie since I can see how many people enjoyed it in theaters.

juriti

we really were in the endgame

Filha vc quer cachorro quente com mostarda ou maionese?

presidente lula

Linux

All we can do is we best

Bill gates

2029

Genie

<a href="">0:37</a>

Eu to chorando

who else come back after seeing The Marvels trailer, miss the old time

i still get goosebumps watching this i will always vividly remember watching this the day after it came out with my homie in the most hyped movie theatre i’ve ever seen

We really are in the endgame now with the route marvel be taking

This will never be topped no matter how hard they try..

man, what happened to the franchise....?

Seeing this on premier weekend and screaming at the reveals was the highlight of my experience

Marvel Movies died the day IronMan Died in endgame. Millions of fans are emotional and devastated ILY 3000. Please bring IronMan back!

Please bring back IronMan. marvel Avengers is not the same anymore without IronMan!

Put this against The Marvels&#39; latest trailers!! Oh how the MCU has fallen from their glory days!!

this made me cry seriously again again

This never gets old!Down the memory lane....

Can I just erase my memories of seeing the Endgame? So I could watch it for the first time?

Please bring me back to 2019

I can’t wait for this movie to become a classic in 2188

Endgame&#39;s opening night will always be part of my core memory

I always cry I miss the good old avengers movies when I was little. I have every movie of it starting from Iron man to Guardian&#39;s of the Galaxy vol. 3

To think we was all happy before this

mid, aot better

Watching this on 2023 coz randomly popped up. Felt amazing as the first time watching it

Little did we know at the time, that not only would this movie mark the end of a decade-long saga, but also that it would mark the end of the franchise’s quality. Its all been downhill from here, and its showing no signs of getting better. This may as well be the end of the MCU as a whole.

How I wish could feel the same excitement…

This trailer is 1000 times better than recently released marvel shows,i expect this type of hype from marvel 

Kids these days will never know the hype we had for this movie

I feel MCU reached its peak with Endgame…. Now it seems very complicated with no strings

The day Tony died along with a whole franchise of movies

Man the great thing about this finale was the character journey and character development from each of the characters

Man, we had it so good back then.

We were once wondering who could take thanos because thor and captain marvel are only left of the strongest one&#39;s oh God take me back

The best thing about infinity war was that, the final battle was during day light and this thing is missing in endgame . Final battle  is in dark

I have a feeling Tony and Steve will die …

You know it’s not the same as it was

still epic asfck

The MCU will never be the same after Avengers Endgame 

What I would do to go back for the hype of this movie

Who is watching the trailer in 2023?

One of the best movies ever made

Soon, we&#39;ll be getting trailers for The Kang Dynasty &amp; Secret Wars.at least not in a few years tho

That assembly scene has my whole heart ...iron man 

Whatever it takes ..... it&#39;s a emotion

Endgame is good but Infinity war was on another level. I got chills watching that.

<a href="">1:57</a>

The hype for this movie was good but the concepts are flawed. There will never be balance in any planet when half of life cease to exist, the other half can survive??? No!!

Eu era tão feliz

I hope Avengers: Secret War really meets the expectation. This movie really is the peak now.

We need marvel to bring back these kind of trailers

WHOS HERE IN 2023

truly like a thousand years ago...  watching this after all of phase 4 &amp; 5 made me think HOW COME I DIDN&#39;T NOTICE HOW BIG OF A RED FLAG TONY&#39;S NARRATION WAS (⁠ノ⁠ಥ⁠,⁠_⁠｣⁠ಥ⁠)⁠ノ⁠彡⁠┻⁠━⁠┻

4 years later and years to come, the new generation will never feel the hype of this movie it was the best experience for me when I go to the theatre with my family the first day it released oh man I miss so much that time

Whatever it takes ️‍

Hi

Man!! No other movie can match the hype of infinity war and endgame. Once in a generation movies 

RIP Tony Stark. We love you 3000!

Days of future past second trailer had the same feels to this trailer

This trailer still brings back raw emotions . Beautifully done

<a href="">1:30</a> the &quot;whatever it takes&quot; lines are from Cap, Hawkeye, Black widow and Tony... the ones who LITERALLY did whatever it took to win the battle.

Watching this trailer in 2023 and it still gives me goosebumps

This movie really lived up to it&#39;s title. It was really the endgame of the mcu....R.I.P MCU 2008-2019

What have you become now ?Shame on you Marvel！

i still remember the crowd ensemble truly something everyone came together to enjoy especially when my man lifted that hammer

Miss it here

This is one of the best movies ever made. The caliber of actors, action, storytelling…it will always stand the test of time.  We need Feige &amp; Disney to get back to this standard of excellence.

I love you 3000 ⎊

We&#39;re here, guys. Tony and Natasha die today.

Avengers assembled,captain america leading,iron man leaving behind his legacy,natsha dying,loki creating multiverse roots,spider man getting   Teen boy,banner getting hulkxbanner together,thor with Guardians today is the endgame:18/10/2023

Ya 4 años de esta joya y cronológicamente ya sucedió ayer los acontecimientos  de Endgame hoy sería el funeral de Stark, descansa ️

Last one is so epic

17/10/2023

“Even if there’s a small chance…we owe this, to everyone who’s not in this room, to try” Natasha Romanoff still giving me chills years later 

Happened yesterday

Today is the day Tony Stark died. 

On this special day, i tell you all, Marvel fans:AVENGERS!!!!!!!!!.....assemble!

<b>R.I.P. TONY</b> <b>May 29, 1970 - Oct 17, 2023</b><b>I love you 3000</b>

Happy Endgame Day.

Can&#39;t believe today is the day we lost Tony Stark

Knowing this movie came out prior to Covid Restrictions makes it seem like a thousand years

Jseqppi

Nunca haverá uma era tão boa quanto essa!!!

POV: You came back to this now that it&#39;s October 17th, 2023.

Even in 2023 still give insane amount of goosebumps as it was before. Masterpiece! 

&quot;Take me back to the night we met&quot; 

God the hype for this movie was unreal, something which all of us are lucky to live through. One of the finest masterpieces ever made. ️

To think after 4 years and this is still in my recommended

This trailer still gives me goosebumps.

When Marvel was still Marvel…

The biggest hype ever

I&#39;m just here to watch peoples reaction to the trailer at that time 

“ God, seems like 1000 years ago” almost 5 years later that line hits different

free me bhi  upload kardo

Awesome

No marvel hype can match this…yet



Ведь было время! Без Covid-19, без воин все жили в мире, что с нами стало не так? Миру мир!!!

I miss the old hype for movies like this  now everything is boring and bad

I remember that the opening was exactly on my birthday, and I was excited to watch it with my dad, &#39;till we did, and it wasn&#39;t as exciting as I initially thought it was. It was crushing &lt;/3

I remember that the opening was exactly on my birthday, and I was excited to watch it with my dad, &#39;till we did, and it wasn&#39;t as exciting as I initially thought it was. It was crushing &lt;/3

I still come here to watch this trailer

I remember when this Trailer came the title is Marvel Studios&#39; Avengers

2023 still new for this Movie

Back on 2019 I was so excited for Endgame but ever since Iron-Man/Tony Stark died it broke my heart I almost cry

its been four years one of the amazing movie of all time i watched it... love it watching anytime



Hi to those in other universes, Tony Stark will die in this movie of our universe.

I need avenger back...

Love you 3000

See you guys in kang dynasty and secret wars

The movie that heightened expectations all the way up for most people about any Marvel project that came out after and ruined people&#39;s views about movies or shows that are actually decent or good. Not EVERY project is going to be Endgame level, people

love you 3000

4 years and imo still one of the most hyped, anticipated movie trailers ever. I miss prepandemic arc 

2023 and i am here

And that&#39;s my guy -the one and only qarun-gOD

In the end how could Captain America return the tesseract &amp; time stone... That reality  is reset or pruned as Loki created Nexus Event... So that reality doesn’t even exist.So where did Cap return the Tesseract &amp; Time Stone??

Always and forever the best 

Always and forever the best 

:(

This trailer suddenly appeared on my youtube page. I missed Endgame era :(

It’s 2023 but this trailer still gives me goosebumps&gt;&gt;&gt;️And this movie will forever remain a masterpiece.

Came in suggestion  i thought he is returning

Seeing this in theaters was a once in a lifetime experience that I truly don&#39;t think will ever be recreated.  At the time it was difficult to even get friends together for a hangout, but everyone got together to see this on opening night.

Man this movie coming to theaters had me hyped and excited to watch it happen. Miss the old days 

it&#39;s been almost 4 years now and i keep watching this trailer and it keeps giving me goosebumps 

Thor 

Over powered captain Marvel

Today is the day when endgame happens  oct 2023

Natasha:See u in a minute... Me watching it 10th time :NO you&#39;re not Nat

It&#39;s official. Today is when the events of the movie start taking place in 2023. Today (October 3rd) is when Steve meets with the therapy group and Scott returns from the Quantum Realm.

Whatever it takes.

I concern all comments

Trailer itself: 10/10Music: 100/10

Tony made an offer people couldn’t refuse

The flashback of iron man and captain America says it all 

whatever it takes - It will take the best super hero &quot;Iron Man&quot;

I&#39;m excited for Secret War

I hope future marvel movies can receive this type of hype again

Its about time but im still here️

Whatever it takes!

Brings back that excitement for this movie

I like to think it was a team effort. Even the dead were capable of making an impression on the living. But. If you really go over the movie, <a href="">22:43</a>, it was a rat that defeated Thanos. And. Just wondering about the script people, because it&#39;s total genius. I guess in the spirit of &#39;quantum&#39; reality, a rat that wanted his kids and wife back, had to be in a LOT of emotional pain to do what he did. Where is he now? Planning the next Avengers: Endgame?

Literally I have chills and so much emotion right now even though I’ve seen this movie a million times! Goodness, I really hope Marvel Studios can get their act together and start producing movies and characters we actually care about, instead of just being driven by revenue from over saturation, be driven by actual good storytelling.

Please bring back the old marvel

4yrs later and I can&#39;t tell you how many times I&#39;ve seen this movie in theaters. I still get chills from seeing this trailer. This was peak MCU. ️

Good! ☆☆☆☆☆

Hmm yeah I like this one the mighty words of thor

Whatever it takes &quot;akhri saas tak&quot;Goosebumps Love from india🇮🇳

We want this Marvel back

Aahhh marvel bring back this era i beg you 



Never Ever Something like this happened in the history of Cinema..Ever single time it gives me goosebumps and tears of joy ..This was Once in  a lifetime experience...So glad to be a part of it 

Peak Marvel.. never gonna be the same. Rip Stark and Cap, and many other OGs

Hoping that Secret Wars will have the same vibes

Tony

Ssr

The hype for this was truly unreal… unlike any other!

I dont think ill ever live to see such a better cinematic movie like infinity war and endgame, they might be the most hyped best movies ill ever see

Aadadadadad



Still can&#39;t believe our childhood is over now.&quot;We should move on whatever it takes&quot;

Again watching in 2023

We all know what came after this the mind numbingly bad phase 4 and 5

Every HERO there is, &quot;AVENGERS, ASSEMBLE!!!&quot;

Came back to this masterpiece and cried watching this

4 años cuando marvel era un exito, yo se que volveran a esos tiempos de oro

I hope secret wars is going to be like this

Not even spider man 2 has the hype this movie had

looking back on this now, now i understand the grey with the red.

Rest in Peace RDJ

It has been 4 years but I can say that this is the BEST movie I&#39;ve seen in mu life

What a movie that was

4 years feel like four days

This is greatness

“We will, whatever it takes.”

&quot;i keep telling everybody they should move on...some do..but not us&quot; - this seems so apt when i have come back again 4 years later to watch the trailer

Masterpiece in movies history

Feel like it was just yesterday man...

i would give anything just to watch endgame for the first time again

Back when things weren&#39;t woke and the writing and characters didn&#39;t suck! BRING BACK THE RUSSO BROS PLEASE!!!!

Love you 3000 ️

Cómo que ya pasaron 4 años 

I don’t think I will ever be as excited for any movie ever again as I was for IW &amp; Endgame. The thrill of the wait, then opening night, being in a theater packed with other fans, experiencing it together…there was nothing better than that.

I wanna to forget this movie... And watch it again

The Infinity War and Endgame era was the single greatest time for comic book movies. If you ask me, the MCU ends when the credits roll in Endgame.

Captain Rogers one dialogue &quot;You had to move on&quot; changed my life

Kentut kejap boleh

..

I WATCHED THIS IN 4-D IN IT&#39;S OPENING WEEK. THE GREATEST FILM EVER MADE

<a href="">1:20</a>

Whatever it takes

Esta película siempre va a ser la mejor del UCM

Seeing this 1st showing at night was epic….ppl were reacting like we were shoulder to shoulder in wakanda… untouchable moment for a life long marvel fan

I remember how excited I was for this movie and my dad bought tickets for my family on the night it premiered. great memories haha

Anyone back here cause Endgame happens in 2023?

When marvel was in its own class.

And a look back on a beautiful monument in time

Remember wen the trailer drop I was so excited

The last great Marvel Movie with the exception of Guardians 3 which was a good movie.After End Game, it was all over. Spider-Man Movies don&#39;t count since those were always great and affiliated with Sony since they own the rights to the Character :D

I miss that hype, theories, anticipation, the excitment. Once in a lifetime experience.

The scenes, the actors, the dialogue, the music,After 4 yr still gives me goosebumps 

I havent seen a single movie of these superheroes...and i see that ppt in comment sections want to be like me  to again feel the first time of this movie or these movies...So let&#39;s start....i think i m the only one who has not seen any of these movies or do not about...so i will start watching these series now...suggest me which movie should i watch first?

Why is this back in my feed

Still imo the best MCU movie. Infinity War was still amazing but I still like Endgame more.

Watching this in 2023 and still getting goosebumps. Miss the old Marvel &lt;3

🇺🇸Scarlett🇺🇸Johansson🇺🇸34🇺🇸

Like.. who Love Tony stark 

I get goosebumps even today 

Our kids will have no idea what this meant for us, to live it.

Now they dont make movie like this anymore 

Marvel Studios really made us experience the nostalgia

Omg i remember when this came out

That &quot;whatever it takes&quot; from RDJ... Pure goosebumps 

Man marvel was too hype

The MCU has gone down the pan since this film came out, it really was the Endgame of Marvel.

Bro forget the new saga I wish we can go back to old Mcu

21

Hello Marvel team! Is there a possibility to bring back and launch the Infinity Saga movies in stunning UHD 4k quality? It would be fantastic if you could utilize the Original DI files or IMAX sources (if accessible) along with Dolby Vision for an enhanced experience. The existing UHD discs haven&#39;t quite captured the best quality, so this would be a remarkable treat for all of us fans!

The trailers are all so amazing and all hit even harder after you’ve seen the movie

Whatever it takes!

When Thor said, I gotta Doodoo on Thanos.I shat myself

I wish that shot of Thor with Stormbreaker was in the film, the shot in the trailer with the music is so devastating

Still the best final to any movie series ever. To unite so many characters/superheroes in one movie is truly a masterpiece.

Sill the most epic finals in any movie series ever. To unite so many superheroes in one movie excellently is a masterpiece.

I miss Tony Stark

I&#39;m still stuck in here

iron man

&quot;An festival Bigger than Diwali&quot;

4 years passed and I still watching the trailer of the greatest movie of all time.

This Film 4 years age released

Welcome back we know this isn’t your first time

What ever it takes.

Some people stop watching trailers after the movie.But not us

Is anyone else pissed off that it’s all over?

It&#39;s kinda sad that phases four and five couldn&#39;t live up to the Endgame hype.

Search kgf chapter 2 traler

2023 anyone?

Endgame Era was truly beautiful to experience. I miss these days

I hope this is good, and that captain marvel is in it and doesn&#39;t ruin it. :)

This movie looks dope, can’t wait for it to come out

Today is the day when TONY STARK AND HULK BRING EVERYONE BACKIts Aug 2023

Why recommended me now

Everything after no way home has been a roller coaster but guardians 3 was amazing but remember the mcu can still be roller coaster

Oh.. marvel...I just miss you dude what marvel then and what marvel now.. bring back old marvel to us

Who is watching this Trailer in 2023 !!! One of the best cinematic experience ever and Tony stark I miss you 

Why Valkyrie say “He won’t see you” about Thor? Was happy as it gets to see Hullk and Rocket. Fat and sad but no sense of not wanting too see them. Scene still bothers me. 

It was 4 years ago still one of my favourite movies EVER!

The worst part at <a href="">2:26</a>

Still better than justice league 2017

Man this gave me goosebumps when i first saw the trailer

This trailer was epic. Have to wonder how Secret Wars can top this.

اعظم فيلم خيال علمى في تاريخ البشرية 

<a href="">1:39</a> Natasha&#39;s gunshot sync with bgm giving me goosebumps

Will do what ever it takes -widow what ever it takes-iron man

In my country getting first day ticket for this movie was so difficult such was the hype for this movie

Missing old daye

Ok so I know captain wanted to stay in the past and live with his girl but I want to be selfish and say that I wish he just stayed TTScarlet shouldn&#39;t have just died and they should&#39;ve ended up togetherI will pretend that happenedok bye

So much has changed in 4 years.

it can&#39;t be 4 years ago man...

the last time i watched any marvel stuff and got goosebumps..

I remember how excited me and my brother was the first time we saw on IMDB that a movie called avengers was coming out, we didn&#39;t believe it at first but then it all came to be 

So sad to see things ending so fast, I wish there was more . 

It all started from iron man and now here we are TT TT TT

After 4 years I finally watched this movie...WORST MOVIE EVER, I WILL PRETEND THINGS ENDED LIKE IT DID IN INFINITY WARThey took away everyone that I love and brought back everyone that I didn&#39;t care about

Wow this feels so weird watching this rn?

after endgame, corona virus came :(

End of Golden Era with this one...miss that time :(

No matter how many time i watched Endgame.....This trailer hit me likes the movie is still realising

Marvel Died after this Masterpiece.

I MISS YOU NATTTTPLS RETURN NAT PLSSSSSSSMY GODDES COME BACK TO THE MCU

Miss you Iron man

I don&#39;t know why ! I&#39;m still watching this trailer now. 2023

Im watching this in 2023 a day before my semester exams to hype myself up and be motivated and it works everytime

<a href="">0:55</a>, the part where they show Asgard, the BGM was godly, for the first time Asgard ever felt like a place where gods live!

infinity/10

The masterpiece

Waiting for Avengers kang Dynasty

I wish I could erase my memory just to watch this masterpiece again

i miss da hype for endgame and infinity war tht was tha greatest experience eva

This movie was a masterpiece now this is hypeing me up for Avengers Kang Dynasty and Secret Wars

Remember the days when we were waiting for this movie to continue the story

Timeless classic 

Feels like it was just some time ago when the hype was the biggest in the whole world. Realized now it was years ago but the goosebumps watching it still feels the same. Marvel, you did it

How was Endgame 4 years ago? 

The Legend

Fragmanın tonyle başlaması, en son “ne pahasına olursa olsun” sözünü tonynin söylemesi kalbimde derin bir yara açtı.

Missing that day

Seems like a thousand years since these movies were consistently good

I still remember how they kept the title secret and everyone were speculating about what it could be and them this trailer coming out of nowhere and disrupting everything

Manga iron Man aku penggemar beratmu bang iron Man

I am currently going through a blip muself

I Hope Secret Wars Is Hype

This trailer is x100 better than all Disney + series and movies that have come so far from Marvel

The part of the journey is end

Miss the good ol days

Best marvel movie

Even today this trailer gives me chills

Life was good When I saw this trailer for first time

Watching this even now gives goosebumps 

It&#39;s been 4 years 

Theres a new avengers movie coming out called kang dyansty out at 2026

MCU became silent after the death of IronMan. Pls bring him back!

Bring back Iron Man pls. Marvel is not complete without IronMan. My first avenger marvel movie is IronMan and I’ve been hooked with Marvel Movies because of IronMan.

I just came back for a bit of nostalgia to watch this masterpiece of a superhero movie!

There is no way it’s been 4 years

Spoiler!: Ironman dies

2023..

Is it just me or anyone else is also here?

7-8-2023 film yang sangat bagus sekali 

It recommended now . After loki trailer 2.

What to say about a movie whose even  TRAILER gives goosebumps even it was 4 years old.

Who is watching in 2023

Watching this trailer in 2023 makes me cry even more

Bring me back please 

I stopped caring about the mcu after endgame

All the future people being born in the 2020s and onward, will be jealous of everyone else who got to watch this in theatres for the very first time.

Unfortunately I couldn&#39;t witness this in theaters but even at home... sometimes I can&#39;t bring Myself to watch it because of how emotional it can be

Nostalgic  I miss these mcu days, I cried watching this

I miss those &quot;AVENGERS&quot; badly 

Thanks YouTube to revive a memory.

Не пишите спойлеры 

2023

Seems like a good movie.

My monthly &quot;I missed them&quot; session

Who knows in 2018 avengers will gather again and tony and black widow is going to die

God the writing was good back then

Can&#39;t believe rhodey missed this as skhrodey

Perfect masterpeice

let me guess 4 years later youtube is suggesting this to you

I&#39;ve only cried in three movies: The Lion King, Charlotte&#39;s Web, and now, Avengers: Endgame. This movie was Epic.

More like Marvel endgame

Люблю этот фильм 3000

Недавно с Зубаревым пересмотрел весь Марвел кайф 

Watched it just today and got goosebumps 

Never forgetti

Why its not getting OLD

Yep

it&#39;s now the year 2023 but this movie will remain the best avengers movie

Feels like yesterday to me <a href="">0:05</a>

no way was this 4 yrs ago!i remember the hype for infinity war/endgame being absolutely wild

MCU at it&#39;s prime!

I’m just getting this now and it’s making me hyped all over again 

This is not Avenger&#39;s end, it&#39;s end of Marvel

4 year complete 

By the infamous Stark mode

Its been 4 years and it just feels like yesterday the hype was unbelievable

This fills like a million years ago this movie came out

Ternyata dr trailer udh ktauan siapa yg bakal pensiun..mereka brtiga..

Miss you marvel

hi tony stark

best marvel movie

YouTube decided to show me this today and I am thankful

Fourth year - sitting in mess, lunch is over, light is gone

2 Aug 2023 for memorial time 11:05ami&#39;m waching all marvel movies again now i&#39;m waching endgame trailer after that i&#39;m waching endgame, i&#39;m so happy and i&#39;m so sad one of the biggest movie in my life and last fine marvel movie after this marvel has ruin up, yes it&#39;s so sad why they do that, the current movies after endgame are no longer exciting

<b>The last time Disney created a decent MCU film.</b>

Whenever i see Rhodey in this Trailer i realized now that he is a Skrull who fought 

God this... this like litrally thisss feels like a thousand years ago.... everytime i re watch the trailer....it just hits me with nostalgia....that hypee and i realise how much we were happy and time was simpler

i am going to Watch This Movie Again 

2023 and still this trailer gives goosebumps 

Greatest movie of all time

<a href="">1:39</a> Natasha&#39;s Gunshot sync with Bgm is just Goosebumps

I unfollowed all the pages related to marvel and spoilers memes pages 2 month before its relaese. And I was lucky to watch this movie without spilers. Great experince.

Any one watching this in 2023

Bro 156M views. That’s just amazing.

Funny how this is coming up on my recommended, i would give anythinf to rewatch this in the movie theaters for the first time again 

The true ending of the MCU 

This trailer give a me chills

The hype for infinity war and endgame was crazy. People in my school were spoiling the ending for endgame left and right. It was crazy



Its been 4 year&#39;s but still goosebumps 

<a href="">1:59</a> 

This got recommended to me after finishing Secret Invasion. Even YouTube wants me to remember how it was...MCU ENDED RIGHT AFTER THIS. INFINITY SAGA 3000Miss the hypeMiss the timesThe good old days...

MCU died after ENDGAME.

Thanos was right though.... do you get it?

4 years already.. wow

Honestly Marvel ended for me after ENDGAME3000

It’s weird thinking about a time before we knew about Covid…

Watching this makes me miss the Marvel I knew.  The Infinity Saga was a masterpiece.  The Mulitverse Saga is a dumpster fire.  Nice work, Disney.

It&#39;s 2023 but still the Avengers theme got me goosebumps in my whole body  !

Those were the days

The Avengers Also Died in the EndgameThe Idea The Remarkable PeopleThe Era Of Heros All is Now a History;

It seems like a thousand years ago

Best movie ever

long time no see

I really wish I can visit 2019 again to feel all the hype and the emotion when the movie came out 

I remember the hype for IW and EG…. Man were those the good old days. It doesn’t even feel like it’s been 4 years..“The world has changed, none of us can go back, all we can do is our best, and sometimes the best we can do, is to start over.”

crazy it&#39;s been 4 yrs

It&#39;s been 4 years hih!! 

mcu should have ended right here

Why are we getting this recommended now

I still remember it all. It&#39;s still feels like yesterday for me

The hype in this movie is insane Best marvel movie ever they have my support for this movie

My god... I really want to go back to those days... 

4 years later, this pops up on my recommended

Que recuerdos 

Broo really miss those days

God it seems like a thousand years ago now in 2023 <a href="">0:05</a>

I got recommended this 4 years later and I still can’t believe we’re in the same universe we’re we got Endgame

All im gonna say is. Im so glad I was born in 1997. I got to see the lord of the rings hype, then I got the harry potter hype, and I got the MCU phase 1-3 hype. It was a beautiful time growing up. I dont think anything will come close in terms of hype as far as series for movies its gonna be a while till we have something like these 3 again

Remember, those years were one of the best years for Marvel fans. I hope the happy moments of that year will be repeated again

It feels like a 1000 years ago this trailer happened...so much happened in between

4yrs still one of the best....

I miss the infinity saga

Rhodey  skrull

Why this is in my YouTube Sugestion list after four years again  nostalgia

Rhodey: Skrulls

I got it recommended  hurray

Feels like yesterday this movie released but next thing we know its been a whole 4 years

This was an Era. 

No movie can ever top the hype for this movie

I wish we could go back in time and relive the Hype of this movie‍️I can&#39;t believe its been 4 years am really getting old

Best trailer ever

This AVENGERS ENDGAME trailer still give us goosebumps ‘til now.

4 years

Real MCU FansEveryone knows that Avengers Endgame original title is Avengers Infinity Gauntlet, right?

Still watching this amazing trailer for some reason 

i miss them:(

Not sure why YouTube suggested me this trailer late at night! I’m crying once again 

Adorable

not able to keep myself away from have fond memories of this movie 

My favorite movie of all time 

The appointed time has come.Gather the Stones once more.....Whatever it takes.

4 years ago

Goat movie

Get Ironman backDo anything but take him back anyway

Am dying and crying from inside...I just want to watch it again as a first timer... please come back old Marvel .. I know my word&#39;s can&#39;t justice my emotions right now...as it hard to explain

It&#39;s 2023

Marvel died with this movie RIP

<a href="">2:14</a> this stormbreaker scene is so much better than the one in the original movie

Still gives me goosebumps 

On your left

Love you 3000

Watched this movie more than a 80 times …and from on your left for 3000 times

watched the movie almost 15 times now

best sequel in the history of cinema.

The marvel movies were in harmony until Disney attacked

its 4 year but unpopular opinion infinity war was better

Watching this and feeling the hype in 2023 too 

The last great movie that will be released.

2023, DAN GUE MASIH NONTONIN END GAME BERULANG ULANG DAN TETEP NANGIS SETIAP NONTON NYA 

<a href="">1:07</a>&quot;I Keep telling everybody they should move on , some do ... BANANAS&quot; Im sorry i just cant control to pun ...

Hits different now or is it just me?

22 july 2023...

Endgame will forever be the greatest Cinematic Conclusion in history.

The Secret Wars trailer has a lot to live up too...

Avengers Endgame main 33 bar dekh chuka hun ab tak kabhi bore nhi hua 

This Masterpiece can by beat only one by MARVEL

I love you 3000

Rhodey is the Skrull before infinity war

I can’t believe even after 4 years I still get goosebumps from this film every time I watch it

Avengers &amp; Rhodey the Skrull.

Golden days  2019

Before the woke crap....

Still got goosebumps, every time when I see any scene of infinity war and endgame

Who&#39;s watching it nowadays leave a text ️

How has it been 4 years since endgame came out. This movie changed me.

Been 4 years! This is an immaculate masterpiece 

Who else have watched all marvel avengers?

And so, the best movie ever made, was hyped.

For me this was peak marvel nothing will ever top this epic.

Still think after endgame marvel went south hard

Robert eleutheriou benizelou glyfada number 46 thanos

777

I will never forget the excitement I felt for Infinity War and Endgame. Wish I can watch those two movies for the first time in theaters again. Truly of masterpieces.

 Miss you

Kgf chapter 2 teaser views 271 M Only 2 years i mean it crossed Avenger and stayed No 1 What a goosebumps Wont you think after 5 years complete how much views  this is goosebumps None can beat kgf teaser 

Endgame trailer is 100 times better than whole marvel phase 4

The spectacular finale toThe MCU. I’m so glad it ended on a high note . Honorable mention to that spectacular Spider-Man no way home movie .

Most hyped movie of my life...Why does Marvel suck now?

Goosebumps 

God Lord Creator - Maxiim Ben David



The future generations will not know what kinda hype this movie...i mean this epic endgame has made back in the days 

ths shouldve been the end of marvel movies, Phase 4 and beyond they just milking it, Quality is lost except for a few OG like GOTG and spiderman

Luffy will become king of pirates

4 yrs of this masterpiece but still gives me goosebumps ️️️

Want to go back 

Better than workout music...emotional stuff

July 2023

I am having the gauntlet which is Tahir Shah which is light Noor . Thanos is svine which i have removed from the scaning process.

Dont send the message . Captain marvel is sending to the wrong universe . Toney stark is belong to planet earth . Location America

I&#39;m back here. I wish they could pull off one last surprise.

Who else looks back at this trailer and tears up…

this was Marvel&#39;s prime

Still remember the hype in every cinema when this movie comes out....

This trailer still gives me goosebumps 4 years later! I wish I could go back and watch the film for the first time!

I just can&#39;t get over this..!! I need Iron Man to get back TT



A true masterpiece that ended a master saga. MCUs prime for real

Whatever it takes

Such an incredible movie

Every time I watch this trailer, I feel good, even after so many years that excitement is still there.

One of favorite mavel move and my best friend helped me got the dvd after it came out and I still love it

The last best marvel movie there is...

Its been 4 years+ i still remember sitting in theatre watching this movie that was epic , if i get time machine I definitely will go to this time when this masterpiece released   love you endgame forever 

KGF 2 teaser has more views and likes on YouTube than Avengers end game 

Anyone watching this in 2023

Pure nostalgia

Watching this again after Four years is crazy . One of the greatest superhero movies of all time

Love infinity saga

Avengers Endgame=Goosebumps.Man,It gives me goosebumps whenever i see it

I can still feel the hype of the movie

You thing mcu big cinematic universe / frenchise but KGF Cheak only teaser views 270 millions 

How has it been four whole years since this came out? I remember watching this in theaters like it was yesterday. RIP Iron Man, you were a real one.

The Future Generation Will Never Understand The Craze and the hype of this movie. Still Remember The Hype On The First Day It was released, The cinema booking tickets was crashed the whole screen was occupied with huge amount of audience.Avengers Endgame Is forever an emotion and especially to us marvel fans.



how tf was this 4 years ago

iron man who makes technology grow rapidly

Who is watching it in 2023 July 

That feeling when we&#39;re one of the first batch to ever see the movie in the PH. April 24, 2019, 6AM, SM Megamall

I can&#39;t believe it&#39;s been 4 years 

Missing This type of movie in future ... Requesting marvel for comeback of tony stark &amp; steve rogers

Who&#39;s watching this in 2023

Anyone else feel like you lose every trace of fear, like you could run through a concrete wall and take on the entire world after watching this?? The HYPE!!!!!!And whoever wrote the score for Avengers, needs to be crowned!!!

Its been 4 years and I am still in awe...

It has been 4 years since this trailer came out but still it gave me chills the same when i saw this for ther first time

The only people who said “whatever it takes” at the end is people who could’ve died or did die 

Greatest movies evermade 

I can&#39;t believe it&#39;s been four years ago

The End Of The MCU And The Beginning Of The MsheU

Are you still here. Living this moment 

This needs another IMAX theatrical release...whatever it takes

Came back for the G.O.A.T trailer 

Whatever it takes to kill Vecna and bring back Max

So glad they chose to release this movie a day after my birthday.

I am iron man

marvel is end for me in this movie..cause of tony stark

Where is thanos,knowhere

Treilar is also masterpiece 

Rip ironman

Best movie ever created, the story and build up to this was massive and superior that no movie can touch.

Watching trailer after movie 

Spoiler iron man dies

Still miss the hype

This film still makes me cry
