Everyone is pushing towards the stairs even though there is space in the middle
It's crazy how there is absolute terror on the stairs and how people can still walk relaxed on the other side.
JUSTICE FOR GIULIA AND THE OTHER 20 BOYS GERMANY MUST PAY THE FUCK
Just 12 years ago you think it was a few months ago, time flies quickly RIP
The people who blocked the stairs to play heroes are partly responsible for the deaths! In the time they had a handful of people on top, hundreds would have been on top. The cops could have gotten a megaphone out of the trunk to at least bring some order to the chaos. But as you can see, there were also relatively free areas, it was somehow very naive to want to fight your way to the stairs or the mast in such a crowd when you are not 2 meters tall and fully trained.
Only now did I understand what was meant by wave movements.
So scary!  It takes my breath away just watching this.  These people must have been absolutely terrified.

I came here to educate myself on stampedes after the Astroworld festival in the U.S. Its odd to watch some people panic to the left because of the bottle neck  but there was little panic to the right. At <a href="">1:49</a> that disgusting pervert puts his hands up the blonde girls black shirt. Just repulsive behavior in such a life or death situation. Rip to all that lost their lives. Just heartbreaking to watch. 💔

Rip Headphone Users

(1.50 min) An idiot during the panic situation is still able to sexually harass the woman (he grabs the woman between her legs and she still feels afraid). What kind of person is this?
Thank you for not deleting this important evidence. It is so important that something like this never happens again and that the perpetrators are punished. The European Court of Human Rights will ensure justice, the German judiciary has already failed by not holding the organizer Rainer Schaller and the mayor of the city of Duisburg accountable. Instead, the entire legal costs were imposed on the victims and co-plaintiffs. The loss of a relative is punished with a €30,000 bill per co-plaintiff. In a constitutional state, such obvious negligence on the part of the organizer cannot go unpunished.
This is tough, but they stand closer to the camera and there is still room... fucked up, guys over the heads... who is stronger, so to speak...
How people climb over others.... Horror!!!!!😱😱😱😰
There is absolutely no blame to be placed on the people there; in such an exceptional situation, when you are in excruciating fear of death, you can no longer think clearly or know how best to behave
is the sideways guy at <a href="">1:33</a> okay? think i saw him go down and not get back up. he goes down at <a href="">1:38</a> and a woman steps on him

I'm glad we didn't go to the stairs but climbed up the mast. The whole event was a fiasco with no rhyme or reason
Are they people????
Girl @ <a href="">1:41</a> stomps head of person lying on the floor

21 tote

Worst soundtrack in history ! RIP to the dead.

People outside the ramp area can still move after this video. It seems as if only the ramp and the escape dynamics triggered by it were to blame for the many deaths and injuries.
The main problem is all the people on the stairs trying to fish their friends out of the pool, blocking the narrow and only path...
But you would have behaved differently and waited while the crowds squeezed you half to death and you could hardly breathe.
I even remember the guy in the black shirt...
There is another young man standing there, blonde, hair, also in a black shirt, he is holding on to the stairs and constantly has the most of the man who is lying on top of everyone on his head, he also consistently stands there WHO KNOWS HIM? ? Please report!!
I owe him my life!


this in no way out, one small stairs for 100K people=disaster

@INS0o wiill der oide crowd surfn?! o:
Why are they strolling up the stairs so slowly? -.-
so bad :/
Well, where is the guy with the light blue shirt at 1:50?
@Katja74 I just thought that too. But everything you give you will eventually get back...
The people on the left really had no chance. At 1:51 there is a relieving backwards jerk on the right side. But most people are pushing hard again.
The police officers (bottom right) then try to move the crowd away from the stairs up the ramp using signs and shouts, but somehow no one seems to hear them.
As Superkanolebooste has already mentioned here: A police officer with a megaphone on the stairs shouting: “Get away from the stairs! Ramp up to the festival grounds!&quot; would have been enough.
Remember the 21 victims with many other YouTubers on my channel!
Correct ! But from every police officer there was only unfriendly disinformation and aggressive gestures!!!


The police have once again failed across the board!!!
