I just watched the documentary on this and it makes me sad how they showed Dawn feeding and playing with the sea animal not knowing that she was going to be die a couple of minutes afterwards ... RIP Dawn :) It was just truly sad how they tried to blame the incident on her in the beginning due to the fact &#39;her ponytail was too long&#39;.

the whales are patient leaving people to step on it and be on top of it. why wouldn&#39;t it kill her or him

they kidnapped the whales so what do you expect from it??!!!

I never liked those creatures. But the killer whale is the most vicious predator so...😶.rest in peace.😭😭🙏

what the fuck these stupid humans do???? like whales were some sort of puppets or so? If you want to see REAL whales, go outside to the ocean. this makes me so mad!!!!!!!!!!!

I&quot;ve swam with wild Orca&#39;s, sea world is a fken joke...its not educational but sea world has managed to do one thing they never do in the wild and that is kill humans...any of you ever swam with wild Orca&#39;s?  Its probably much safer swimming with wild Orca&#39;s then what you people have done here with these Orca&#39;s.

Show BlackFish to everyone and destroy SeaWorld, let them think of another way to make profit without harming others (including animals)

when Orca, meaning &quot;bringer of death&quot;, speaks there vocalization has over 15 millions pieces of information, the Bible has 5 million. They never truly sleep as we know it, 1/2 there brain shuts down while the other half stays alert. They are probably the most intelligent life form this earth has ever known. God is the ultimate and only scientist. So someone had a dumb idea of putting that smart of animal weighing tonnes and teaching them dog tricks...I can&#39;t wait for Armageddon. As a species what sickness we have performed. Free will may not have been God&#39;s best idea. It&#39;s sad what we do to animals just because we can. Sad.

I&#39;m sure all that loud music didn&#39;t help

I don&#39;t care thats she&#39;s dead. She was a selfish fuck like the rest of the trainers at SeaWorld.  I got literally no care for the fuckers who work there and if they get killed well serves them right.

Oh Tilikum, joy to someoneThe world saw you fight, Some would say it&#39;s might! Oh sweet Tilikum see the light in your sight.May you soar in the clouds, Your fame is bound in a shroud Oh Tilikum you gave  a good fight, Tilikum I love you, swim towards the light

nothing was shown

Get sea world shut down its absolutely disgusting

It did not show it

Why is sea world a thing

I just saw an as to VISIT Orlando... NO!

Rip dawn

I can&#39;t believe that people in this day and age are still shocked when something named &quot;killer whale&quot; kills something much, much smaller than them...

this would be the only time I would ever wanna go to a show. to cheer the orcas for killing those trainers

Yes, R.I.P. Dawn Brancheau and all the whales who died prematurely in captivity!  This is truly one of the most ridiculous, cruel activities human beings engage in.  It&#39;s right up there with the running of the bulls in terms of unnecessary risk to human life.  Nevermind the poor animals that are subjected to constant noise, a tiny bathtub-sized tank and the stress of performing.  Nobody wins here (except greedy-ass SeaWorld).  Just stop.

I love how the description states that &quot;the normally docile orca has killed twice before&quot; Maybe he&#39;s not so docile then? Stop feeding this thing SeaWorld trainers lol.

This makes me so mad!! These  whales have never once injured a human in the  wild. But if they have been held captive for so long of course they will eventually become agitated!!!! i just cant stand the fact that seaworthy allows for these creatures to live like this in these conditions.

what dont Anglo Saxons understand about the word killer in killer whales. why do inmates rebel against guards. instinct right? the whales just want be in their natural habitat

SAVE THE WHALE!

karamas a pickalo aint it seaworld thats what you get for getting those animals from the wild they get the paybac

Ok, some of you guys are saying &quot;thats what they get for capturing them&quot; or &quot;Good job she they deserved it&quot; you guys need to calm down!! Yes, of course its sad that the killer whales get forsed to make shows, but the trainers have nothing to do with this!! They feed the whales, &amp;&amp; keep the safe 24/7! Its not the trainers falt, she worked at sea world because she knew she was going to take care of the animals &amp;&amp; love them unconditionally!! She was trying to be nice to the whales &amp;&amp; make them happy!! Plus, everyone nows it&#39;s absolutely terrible do take animals away from the habitat, but its going to be the same thing, people can still go in with guns at the ocean &amp;&amp; kill the whales,fish,dolphins,turtles,etc. The trainers have nothing to do with the killer whales getting taken away from there habitats!! They don&#39;t deserve to die, &amp;&amp; dont get me wrong, i also think sea world is a horrible place &amp;&amp; should be shit down for animal cruelty!! So, think before you say!!

I have heard that they only freed the animals if they do the tricks right....

A veteran trainer at Orlando&#39;s......bla bla bla....... Poor whale!!!I have no sympathy for people that do such discussing, and wrong things to animals, and it eventually, (veteran), catches up with you?....When are we going to take responsibility for OUR own actions? It&#39;s OUR fault. WE are the problem! WE can stop this! Shame on US!

For all those saying that Dawn deserved it:Dawn was a woman who cared for the Orcas even if she did know they are one if the most dangerous animals. Watch the documentary Blackfish, it covers her story. Almost all trainers at sea world disagree with keeping Orcas in small concrete pools but think to themselves &#39;If I&#39;m not here who will feed this Orca, care for her? Protect her?&#39; And so they say to take care of them. IT IS THE HIGHER UPS IN SEA WORLD WHO ARE TO BE BLAMED FOR THIS. Tilikum is a beautiful animal who deserves so much more. Before I learnt how horrid seaworld was I visited with my family when I was six. But even then I found it horrifying. Even Tilikum was in the finally. Anyone who thinks this is morally right is wrong.The only thing is these Orcas would not be able to survive in the wild. Although some may have chances, this has been tried before with the Orca which acted as Free Willy. Keiko was released back into the wild but due to Pneumonia. For this I think they should be released into much LARGER OCEAN ENCLOSUREs (Section off a cove or something idfk) so they can still be monitored. If you disagree please feel free too leave your opinions. But no arguments please at , arguing and calling will get us no where in the discussion except to a build up of anger 

There has been more deaths from dogs then there has from whales in the past 40,years so why all of a sudden is sea world bad cause one trainer died she loved doing what she did and she knew she could die doing it that&#39;s one reason her family didn&#39;t sue sea world for the death

I can understand these kinda parks use captive animals which havent been in nature or are deeply (and rarely) adapted to the shows (it happens, don&#39;t freak out yet). The problem with Tilikum and Shamu, and all that orcas that attacked people used to come with an unnapropiate kidnapping from their nature born places and an unnapropiate way of training them or keeping them caged. I&#39;ve seen the backstage of a few parks, but I can tell that these accidents don&#39;t happen everywhere because some trainers are clever enough to realise when a dolphin or a killer whale has taken the most it can. Then they release them, or, if they cannot be released for some reason, at least their put into a security zone which is not a little 10m3 tank like they did Tilikum after Dawn Brancheau&#39;s death.Sorry about my nerves. I had to say that...

But these animals need to be kept entertained and trailed to keep them to nature as much as possible can be so be it in a tank. They also wouldn&#39;t do it if they didn&#39;t want too. These animals are super clever and need to be kept active. 

Till this dayThose acters never go with the killer whales AGAIN...

If they aren&#39;t going to release the orcas.. At least build them a 50X much larger tank &amp; i do mean 50x &amp; provide a ton more food. They don&#39;t deserve a small space like that with limited food. 

This is super lame never mind morality

I Understand how devastated the family must be for their loss but if this doesn&#39;t prove why WILD animals shouldn&#39;t be captured, i don&#39;t know what will.... 

When did they get killed I don&#39;t even think they did

maybe they wouldnt became agressive is you stop putting them in bathtub!

Why do they lock up poor animals what a shame

BOYCOTT DEVIL SEAWORLD

FREAKIN SCREW SEA WORLD
Sea World or Sea Prison?

Ironic how <b>humans</b> named these whales &#39;killer&#39;

oh well, so sad for her, but maybe is these assholes left these guys out at sea where they belong, dawn would still be alive. 

Blaming the trainers for the treatment of killer whales is like blaming an employee at a restaurant because of the treatment of the animals that were killed beforehand for their food. 

its so sad and scary that we make famous an animal that has killed people many times though they are beautiful beauty sometime should be left in nature

Before you say it was dawn &#39; a thought. Watch blackfish the movie. Tilikum was envolved in other deaths and you can&#39;t exactly point a finger because he was the biggest whale kept in captivity and he should of not been there. At all. Sea world weren&#39;t even meant to use him in shows. Only for mating. 

&quot;She loved the whales like her children, she loved all of them.&quot; What utter bullshit! If she had really loved the whales, she&#39;d kill them and put them out of their misery. I&#39;m sorry she got killed, but I&#39;m also sorry for those poor animals.

AHHH,Brings back good memories! Proud to be a Sea World Member TWICE!

SEA WORLD ARE ANIMAL ABUSERS I SWEAR

They are trainers the killer whale donsent kill the trainer he is lain that&#39;s fake because the killer whale doesn&#39;t kill the trainer that&#39;s really fake

well i am not sorry for that guy. putting giant predators in small pools and force them to do silly tricks so that some fat children have a good laugh?i hope everybody gets eaten who mess with animals they can&#39;t handle for pointless entertainment

LeahMarieWooz, you are actually indeed very much incorrect in your statement. Many videos can be seen where trainers have there hair out in ponytails and this incident does not occur. Secondly, it&#39;s clearly evident he grabbed her by the arm. It could be SeaWorld claiming things to sugarcoat the incidents and the whales. Watch BlackFish. Great documentary.

from the perspective of the orcas, those so called trainer are their captors and tormentors deserving retribution

Afternthe documentary &quot;Blackfish&quot; nobody really go their anymore .Plus they don&#39;t save the killer whales they capture the baby killer whales.I know this because I&#39;m watching the documentary.It&#39;s totally unfair.It&#39;s like prison to them.I&#39;m not going to go their anymore.Too depressing .

It&#39;s so horrible. How would you feel if you were locked into a small cage and teased with food, had no social life. Sea world should be shit down for there inappropriate behavior.

We keep wolves and bears and tigers and lions and cheetahs and snakes and spiders all in captivity but we dont get in the cage and dance around with them. 

so.............

Set the damn whales free from Sea World. Their just being used like slaves for the entertainment of man.

dogs are executed for a harmless bite, bears are euthanized for being in several miles from local parks. And a captive orca (understandably) murders three people and is still thriving because iit makes $$$.They could&#39;ve tranquilized the orca before it murdered the trainer, and release it back where it belongs. Sick twisted world we live in some ppl give satan a run for his money LITERALLY.

it is an wild animal. =)

My mom was going to take her class on a spring break field trip to Seaworld and they were going to have an interview with Dawn, but she was killed the week before.

Humans that do this to animals like this....some between 8000-12000 lbs....deserve everything they get from them.  Certainly can&#39;t blame the poor animal for acting like an animal.  We snatch them out of the wild, cage them up, make them crazy, and sometimes they kill us.  I don&#39;t like to hear about anyone dying such a brutal death, but they had it coming.  Just like trainers who make bears or lions go crazy and perform for the rest of us....they really get what they deserve.  And eventually, it&#39;ll happen.  Always does.

seaworld is stupid, they think its safe to be with Killer whales. its same u would put a white shark in a tank and go for a swim.....thats what you get when u keep them in a place they dont belong....

look up tilikum he killed her

u should watch the movie on netflix its sad though

Oh

They&#39;ve got that exciting Music, that Makes ME NERVOUS!!   SHOULD AT LEAST HAVE SOOTHING MUSIC!  FOR THE WHALES!!!

Wow

Cool I want to see the rest

Orcas belong in the ocean! Orcas are not CLOWNS!
There&#39;s no excuse for their violence the first part of their name is KILLER. They play with seals before they eat them, they play with dolphins before they kill them they play with sharks before they kill them.. they played with trainers before eventually they killed.. they still have their instincts.. its time to pit them down or release them.. if my dog attacked my neighbors for coming in my yard they would want to put my dog down for being aggressive.. what makes that fucking whale so special

The same whale has killed three people now. It may be time to turn the whale into catfood. 

Dawn and Tilikum are both victims of the same lifetaking greedy dollarmachine, called SeaWorld.

Um....

seriously, like how much is it gonna take for people get the point that whild animals dont belong in captivity? like do we need to get the humans who are doing this and put them in a closet-sized cage in the middle of the ocean and only feed them when they do a flip??

its called a killer whale for a reason.

how can you say you wish every trainer could be killed this way? when the trainers weren&#39;t the ones who killed the whales at all in fact they were the ones who tried to take care of the whales the best they could. the trainers were and probably still are oblivious to what sea world was and still is doing. they send other people to go and collect the whales from there natural habitat not the trainers. to say you would wish somebody a death like that is absolutely disgusting. your just as bad as they are. oblivious.

I wish every trainer would be killed in that way :)They killed the families of the orcas, whales, too. so.. :)

as long as people pay to watch this, seawold will continue the show. The whales are crazy locked up in a pool and the trainers that go in with them are probably more crazy..the stupid things people do for money. I feel bad for the trainers and the whales. 

lol

so now the shows in seaworld are without trainers?I mean in the water....

R.I.P Dawn Brancheau I saw your daughter on AnimalJam

Yea, whales shouldn&#39;t be held in captivity, but that doesn&#39;t mean the woman deserved to die. -_- Those of you who says she deserved it, need to get a life.

I love killer whales there so cute

Thats not true brieanna, people dont go that deep, where whales are swimming, most of the whales and orcas there where deadly wounded , and they saved them, but keep them for too long time. I think when they free the orcas and whales, this shall never happen again

who the fuck thought it would be a good idea in the first place to go capture a big ass whale and start swimming with them.  why not go capture a blue whale and start swimming with them

 Kidnap a small child from his/her parents, lock him/her up in a small room for 20 years, forcing him/her to perform stupid tricks in return for food, and then expect to have a functioning, psychologically-sound being? No dice. Welcome to SeaWorld.

Hey seaworld, fun fact for ya. Absolutely zero deaths from orcas have been reported in the wild, yet more and more attacks occur in captivity. Hmmmmmmm

fuc king shit!!6 min 57 sec!!!lol noob

Sea world tortures these animals so they get angry and do this because they get deprecated from there family and home it&#39;s just not fair for them to live in a small pool with little food :(

Having these creatures held in captivity and made to perform stunts is just WRONG. Seaworld should be boycotted until they return these wild animals to their natural environment.

Look owner of sea world I need some money so how about thin I&#39;ll put you in a cage and let you do some trics cause bassicly that&#39;s what you&#39;re doing with the animals 

This business is heartbreaking and tragic.  It should be illegal to keep these beautiful and intelligent animals in captivities.  Depriving them of food so they will entertain us. If you want to be entertained by these beautiful animals, then take a boat out into the ocean and watch them in their natural environment, in family pods.  In this video, you don&#39;t get to see them taking their babies away from their mothers to be sold to another park for profit.  The mother having a nervous breakdown and crying out for her baby.  Or the baby crying for its mother.  They keep all of that fun for after hours, when the park is closed.   Please do not buy a ticket to these parks and encourage this industry to exist….. Have mercy and be a voice for these wonderful animals. 

Watch blackfish documentary and boycott Seaworld.  Exploiting animals and humans for profit

These magnificent creatures should not be kept in captivity for the entertainment of people and making money for the parks who keep them. Yes, there are dangers from humans even in their natural habitat, but at least they are happy, free to swim the ocean, not made to perform for the amuesment of us humans.

is that why? or did they not hire you?

how did she die
She got what she deserved. These animals are in captivity for decades in 0.0001% of their natural space, they&#39;re slowly going insane. Seaworld should be closed.

I don&#39;t know why I didn&#39;t notice this before when I was a kid watching dolphin shows. When I started clicker training my dog(which is where the dog does whatever you train it to do because it expects a reward) I realised that this is exactly what is happening with these creatures. They only do what their told because they&#39;re expecting food for it, not because it&#39;s fun and they enjoy having humans riding on them and making them do stupid tricks.. they&#39;ve become programmed to behave in this way and their mind is so concentrated on their reward. It&#39;s so ironic that they have waves as images on their screens, trying to create an ocean-like illusion. Well this isn&#39;t a fucking ocean, it&#39;s a swimming pool.

Set the whales free and shut down this horrible places.

Does the killer whale like the music ?

I take it you actually go to these horrible prisons to watch them dance for your amusement?

If I see another plan b abortion pill ad I will scream

I want to see death and blood - where is it?? Thumbs down...

No. Just no. &quot;Happy&quot;? No.

You don&#39;t know what you&#39;re talking about. There&#39;s absolutely nothing good about keeping them in captivity. 

Amazing accomplishment to train these animals to this level ! all hats off . Thanks Dawn forever and ever.

I find it amazing that humans feel they are above the laws of nature and that every creature wants to obey and befriend us.  It&#39;s awful what happened to Dawn, and other trainers.  I don&#39;t think they really thought about the nature of the beast and really believed they were forming bonds, and doing the right thing.  Seems it is all now coming into light, and I hope people do stop attending these ridiculous shows.  

What are these huge things called?

Why they&#39;re called KILLER whales.

Risks may include being brutally murdered.

Sign me up to swim with these things.



O_O

Nothing happened

mistreatment is not the reason she died, yes there are things tht should be changed. but the trainers need to make sure they know wat mood the animals are in. whether they are irritated or just wanting to play. Black-fish was not about how horrible Sea World is, i watched it. it shows you wat the signs were and wat happened...make sure you know the facts before you start talking about the mistreatment of this animals...thank you very much...

how dumb are people

so sad



I would probably just buy sea world just so I can release the animals :)

leave seaworld trainers alone it was other people who caught them for the park thanks

i keep you in captivity



and after... you tell me how you feel

she is NOT a wonderful person, she has selfishly fulfilled her little girl dream by exploiting these magnificient sea creatures.  she d rather close her eyes on reality than to give up her dream... Tilikum lost it... who wouldn t if kidnapped, jailed, and forced to slavery until DEATH in a fishbowl... dont blame the orca, orcas are VERY GENTLE animals... you would have lost too... after years of a horrible painful life in a fishbowl... ps. glad she  s dead

F... her... glad she s gone... she s participated to this stincky business by choosing not to see the reality, but choosing to fulfill her little girl dream at the expesence of a horrible miserable life of the orcas in this concrete fishbowl... she was just as selfish and hypocrit as all trainers are!  there is no excuse!  you love the animals or you exploit them.. she chose the second... what goes around comes around...

Despicable!!! These trainers are active actors of a stincky and cruel business.  These orcas are MISERABLE there.  they have been kidnapped from their environment , families, friends... it s usually the calves who are taken... the entire family and pod are calling eachother frantically when the calf is kidpnapped... orcas have very tide family bonds... they stay together all life long... the calves is transporte, alone, in this concrete fishbowl, and left there to perform until DEATH...

this is why i wont work at sea world

hello, we are all at risk of an accident, being stabbed by some weirdo, etc;   BUT i would not like someone to kidnapp me and put me in a swimming pool UNTIL I DIE... this is way worse than being free, even if i risk to be killed one day.. ORCAS SHOULD BE PUT BACK IN THE OCEANS.  There, they have a chance to be happy again.  In pools, they are MISERABLE.  Dear Mc Kenna, you love orcas, and there are NOT safer in pools... there is NOT ONE reason to keep them there but for some to make big money.

No her death was because of the aggression of the animal. SeaWorld didn&#39;t react on the whale when it showed aggressive behavior. That is why the woman died. The whale was feral and should have been released years ago. That documentary is nothing but pure propaganda against SeaWorld. 

Wait... How did I get here again? O.O

reddish
i didn&#39;t see her die :P
SEA WORLD IS MISTREATMENT OF ANIMALS LOOK UP THE TRAILER BLACK FISH IT IS A DOCUMENTARY OUT NOW ABOUT HOW HORRIBLE SEA WORLD IS AND HOW HER DEATH WAS BECAUSE OF THE MISTREATMENT. DON&#39;T BE NIEVE!!!!

Happy in captivity? Use your brain please.



a whale is not a toy.. it&#39;s still a wild animal! and shouldn#t life in SeaWorld. It should be free in the Ocean! 

Watch the SeaShepherd Cove Guardians.. and you know where the wahles and dolphins come from.

trainer whale, trainer whale..... ups! killer whale... arghhh!!!



what this poor orca endured, tilli was a time bomb waiting to happen.

Anyone claiming that these animals want to be in captivity and enjoy their live should watch the documentary Black Fish. Every SeaWorld around the world should be closed and the owners of SeaWorld should be in jail for what they have done. The trainers know that the animals are mistreated, they only stay to try and minimise the animals suffering. It is the SeaWorld owners who don&#39;t care about the animals, only the profit.

When people drive a car they are aware of the risks....so what?

This is no life for these amazing animals. It just seems so wrong on so many levels to keep them captive and use them for entertainment. It&#39;s like keeping a goldfish in a small cup of water considering their size and what they should be experiencing in their natural habitat.

No they&#39;re not. In the Blackfish documentary the trainers admit to being naive about this stuff when they started.

Sea world rays

These whales do 3 shows a day. We dont even know if they take breaks.

I cant help thinking that she had it coming.  

all though its a shame



the whales are not suppose to be there ....PERIOD ....as do all the dolphins that come from japan whs siblings mother father and family  are being slaughtered right... NOW!

That prooves notin

what happened I didn&#39;t see :(

The tanks are too small for orcas; after all, they swim up to 100 miles a day and they&#39;re from the ocean. THE OCEAN. Which covers 71 percent of the Earth. You&#39;re correct, they don&#39;t eat people, killer whales have never attacked a human purposely while in the wild. In captivity, however, they have killed and attacked numerous times on purpose. You know why? Because they&#39;re pissed. If someone kidnapped you wouldn&#39;t you try to fight to get away? Watch Blackfish, please, and also educate yourself.

Let&#39;s throw you in a cage with no friends and force you to do tricks daily!

Because that makes sense right?

Actually, no they aren&#39;t. Any type of whale attack is kept very hush hush by park management , and trainers are rarely ever informed of the true risks of working with these animals. The trainers hired know little to nothing about orcas and orca behavior. The park hires them, really, for their personality and ability to swim. 

And yet - the $100 tickets kept being sold for more shows with a &quot;Killer Whale&quot; - who I think at this point has killed 4 people. Amazing. How many people have to die before the &quot;Killer Whale&quot; is retired - put down - or released to not be around human beings ? 10 - 20 30 ?

I feel sorry for the orca not dawn .....

I think evey one of you should shut up and get lives because is the animals did not like what they was doing then will not do it.

I watch the show is amazon but once again this animals are not meant to be in a pool .all this animals are train and rewarded with food so if the animal is not fed it will attack ....the jod this trainers do us risky and there aware of the danger..

do they kill the orcas if the kill people?

The career im gona do is marine biologist so I can do things like this

Well we.didnt see.it dummys!

its similar to a mafia member--blood in-blood out.  the keepers that act in the shows are active members of a crime and deserve what they get. if you live by the sword you die by the sword.  

I always wanted to work there but now I dont think so

Bestfriends ? um this is a wild animal than 5 tons ....

Sea world is killing endangered species

Do a search on Youtube for Blackfish!

dont blame the trainers blame the people that run see world the trainers are just there because the love sea creaters and get paid

animals being forced to do tricks and then kept in a bathtub their whole life is never a &#39;beautiful show&#39; ... killer whales definitely were not made for this

great, great :)
why i am not listening to the thumb downs?

why i am not listening to the thumb downs?

why i am not listening to the thumb downs?

why i am not list...

Everyone Is all like yay! Until gulp

thats not the first time that whale has killed someone either

animal abuse, nothing else it is

sorry but if you had been in place of Orca, you liked to be stuck in a pool? No!

The orca certainly got fed up and annoyed to be stuck in a small place and swim laps ace, I think Sea World should not have large animals like orca stuck in a place so small, Sea World should release all the orcas and let them live freely

like if you want to see an end to animal captivity 

there are trained to play they are trying to play but they dont relize they just not small enough

KILLER WHALE, doesent it say enough!!

Oh look, more trainers that are never allowed in the water with killer whales.

actually the real name is orca so and they dont hurt unless u make them mad and i worked with tilikum befor and he is the sweetest whale u could ever meat



Poor Whale from ocean to cube, the music, the horror, I would go insane and flip out.

Should have taken a job at mcdonalds instead...his fault !

The trainers where all told never to swim with Tilikum because of his size ad what his history was 

what?

Well there is a reason why they call i a &quot;killer&quot; whale.

we dont care we just wanna see them 

liar made me waste mt time

I know you made this comment 3 years ago and I understand your point, but jfc a human being lost their life. The least you can do is be a bit more sympathetic. I hate the fact that the animals are in captivity, but we have to acknowledge the fact that someone died and their death shouldn&#39;t be overlooked. 

Especially if you were taken from your home and family (which is a very traumatizing experience just being rounded up) and then put in a little pool like this and forced to preform. I&#39;d lash out too or even just get to the point where I would just kill myself (which some captive whales have actually done, like Hugo in Miami, who rammed his head into the wall until I believe he died of internal bleeding).   

All animals in zoos shows or something like this should be free and who ever kill or catch an animal will get what he did to the animal.

orca&#39;s are incredibly intelligent creatures. the way people exploit that just to make some cash is outrageous. i have no sympathy for trainers who die doing this.

May she rest in peace... :(

have these people never seen free willy ? you always gotta free the whale they don&#39;t belong in closed spaces they need to out in the wild!! how is this any different then keeping someone captive ? same thing you know I would go crazy too ! No disrespect to the memory of Dawn Brancheau but come on its like any wild animal in captive its not right  

I JUST LOVE ANIMALS IN CLOUDING KILLER WHALES.

This isn&#39;t a best friend, this is a wild animal that knew no better. An animal that is [forced] into a large swimming pool to perform tricks for crowds. This is not the way any wild animal should have to live its life.

I miss Dawn, she was amazing :(. and by the way, Tilikum isn;t the oldest killer whale in captivity. He is the largest, but not the oldest.

They called Killer Whales maybe they belong in the wild? 

serves them right for taking a wild animal out of the wild

why don&#39;t they close sea world there has ben to many problems there &gt;:-(

If I was locked up in a small pond when I was supposed to be living in the sea I would be killing everything in my angry/frustrated/sad/lonely path.

shut the fuck up already. she died. doesn&#39;t anybody have a heart to care? damn. if that was your mom or dad, sister or brother you wouldnt be saying shit then.

STOP BLAMING SHAMU JUST STOP



im sorry but don&#39;t stand on whales backs like really there not ment to be riden 

its not whales, its dolphin 

That just makes them absolute wankers..They look so stupid..The Show is a money making sham..Spinning screen bollocks &amp; utterly shite muzak..let alone total barbarism towards beautiful creatures that belong in the SEA !! SHUT DOWN SEA WORLD NOW !! For Christ sake !! God damn people make me so sick !!

The spectacle is absolute shit.. The trainers are complete wankers.. The poor goddamn wales want OUT !! SET THEM FREE.. SHUT DOWN SEA WORLD - FOREVER !!!

everyone applause, the man is standing on one of God&#39;s living creations; a living, breathing, emotional, animal! Bravo.

I wonder what they taste like. The trainers not the dolphins. 

thats what you get for abusing such amazing animals intelligence

@azeeex orca whale

@Mae Roberts somebody did that DUMMY
Nobody ever got killed dummy

&quot;killer whale&quot;

Bestfriends can become our,worst enemies

It doesn&#39;t matter what the trainers do with them behind the show. They don&#39;t belong in a fish bowl swimming in circles and doing pirouettes for roaring crowds just for human profit. That fact will never change.

whales are very intelligent, sentient creatures.  in the ocean killer whales are at the top of the food chain.  They know how to hunt and kill great white sharks.

When an animal kills someone it&#39;s ALWAYS the animals fault now a days....yet...no one looks at the person they just stupidly blame the animal. Witnesses said that the whale in questions was agitated yet they made it perform anyways. Their fault and they put that young woman at a huge risk and it ended up getting her killed. I think SeaWorld needs to be shut down and those whales given a real life. 

its always a beatifull show but some time its really risky



its always a beatifull show but some time its really risky

here&#39;s a thought; don&#39;t get in the water with large carnivores.  

Hating, tsss. Those animals are so happy here, you have no idea what the trainers all do with them behind the show.

lol &quot;best friend&quot; 

Dont They Sign Papers 

I don&#39;t care how big you are...it&#39;s gotta get annoying after a while, carrying people around on your back and throwing them up in the air with your nose....i&#39;d attack too after so long! Just for a change of pace! 

It&#39;s like a tribute like thing :)

&quot;SeaWorld suspended its famous water shows as officials tried to figure out what had happened.&quot;

I can tell them what happened without any investigation. SeaWorld bought a whale that was taken from its pod (family) at a young age, move halfway around the world and had a history of abuse by other whales (not family). That whale lived its life in a tiny pool (cell) with little to no interaction with other wales and no ability to hunt. So it hunted and killed a trainer. Stop taking wild animals!

Whales or any other animals do not want to be held captive and then trained just so people can have &quot;entertainment&quot;.

i had actually met dawn when i was in fifth grade summer camp. i got to talk with her privately and she said that se loved her job and she had commited herself to what she loved. guess what. the animals arent enslaved at all. they ask the whales to perform, not by force.

lol at the people who are all upset that get upset over animals being held in captivity. Dude, you can tell they&#39;re happy. And they treat all their animals with so much love and respect. It&#39;s better them being in there than out in the wild now days, especially with everything being endangered now. cmon now.

@alrebelpride  Very True..

Stop saying the whale is killing the trainer they&#39;re doing what they&#39;re supposed to do and that was part of the scene

I agree

these animals dont kill because of their suffering. its mistly because of the flashing lights and being surrounded by a lot of people. and also you

u cant just walk on a whale like that an leave it in a tiny pool either its pointless we have peoples entertainment right here on youtube



Orcas aren&#39;t surfboards..i am not surprised he snapped!!!! They dont belong in a fishbowl!!!

 

i admit, never before have i watched this kind of a show with more interest.

Are you suppose to like or dislike this video, because it doesn&#39;t deliver what it says but its still a great whale video?

Obviously the fact that this lady died is upsetting, but to be honest she&#39;s the one forcing an animal to do tricks day in and day out. Not doing tricks means no food for a Cetacean in captivity. Would you not get fed up with performing for food in a little concrete box? 

It is same to write Killer whale kills trainer at Orlando&#39;s Sea World:-(  on your video title only to get views...

Was this going on when the incident happened?

MISSKANDIKIZZES i agree with everything you said except for the last thing the ones that were born and raised in captivity shoudlnt be let our because they would most likeyly die cause they would know how to survive with out in the wild but everything else you said was very true

Tilikum killed Dawn because he is frustrated, bored, and not accustomed to people in his tank.  When something does fall in, naturally he is going to be possessive of it.  It&#39;s like giving a hungry dog food then trying to take it away.  Only in this case, it was Dawn, and Tilikum became possessive of her obviously.  Im not saying Tilikum was trying to eat her, im just saying that since Tilikum never gets anything in his take because of his &quot;possessive tendencies&quot; that when something does fall in

sooo when does someone die....wut a waste of my time

nice footage but R.I.P Dawn

nice footage but R.I.P Dawn Brancheau

@mileywilys  - she didn&#39;t just drown - he was brutal with her - multiple fractures - her jaw, sternum, three ribs, a lacerated liver... and other things too horrible to print. he is a wild animal and the trainers do know the risks - but no one could foresee such a violent ending to such a wonderful person. I don&#39;t know how anyone could look at this whale the same way as before.

Don&#39;t waste people&#39;s time by putting in part of the whale show that has nothing to do with the SeaWorld trainer killed. You just get people pissed off who are looking for the real thing.

Trust me people do complain about whales and any animal in captivity.

The average age in the wild is 50, so that is still twice as long.

Sounds like you are the one who should get to know your facts.



Killer whales have a life span about the same as humans. In the wild, that is. So to say that they are over 20 years old is  saying they are very young still. And yet most in captivity die when they are in their early 20s. That alone proves that captivity is killing them. And not surprisingly, &#39;cause obviously these tanks are way too small for these animals.

It&#39;s an alleged killer whale!

Never play with wild animals. They aren&#39;t called &quot;wild&quot; for no reason.

your a jerk you try staying sane being kept in captivity since u were two.





Geat that imbecile commenter Pandadust1 is writing again they&#39;re gonna write something stupid and idiotic again! &gt;:P

The poor baby he lost the only person that would swim with him and on his side its not his fault you try being in captivity since you were 2 and see if you stay sane the only tank big enough for him is the performance tank.

dawn was one of my bff&#39;s mom&#39;s bf

lol this is why i dont hang around animals with the name &quot;killer&quot; or &quot;great&quot; bit risky if i do =D

It&#39;s a KILLER whale!!!!

I agree its not the whales fault, he or she is being held &#39;captive&#39; but you can&#39;t say its not sea worlds fault..

using a whale as a surf board?

and the title sasys killer whale kills trainer but the video is just of them performing?

Helping marine life is great, but they should not be held captive for entertainment.

Why hasnt this place been shut down?

Yes, but the it&#39;s being killed by one of your best friends, Who went crazy. Although it was her dream job (Not sure if it was) i doubt she&#39;d want to die like this, Dragged down and killed by the killer whale she has trained with for years.

Totally agree...

FAIL SEA WORLD

RIP!

I agree!

stfu and free willy

R.I.P dawn brancheau

@sarcasmqueen1 ugh theyre called killer whales because they kill other whales and the only threat they have are humans! how many time do i have to repeat this! people know your facts!

Do some research about Keiko, etc. before you spout off stupid shit you don&#39;t know about.  Idiot.

they arent cruel to them  and u can see she did not die in the video she is not dead and it dont even show u her dead!!   and the whales like  doing that and they get rewarded

@xesredumn1        she did not diserve to be killed and u should fell pitty for her if u die like like   that ill laugh cause thats plain rude they like doing that stuff and their traind and they think  she died cause the whale was playing with her and she fell in and the whale keep playing with her it did not know she was gunna die

i don´t feel pity for her at all, maybe some day people will understand that these animals should not be tamed.

it`S sad , that she died , but would be great for the whale to get freedom back !!!!!!!!!!!!

I don't think they'll let him go because after such a long captivity he wouldn't be able to cope out there and would die. So no matter what they do, the whale will never be well
they are NOT killerwhales... this word is as stupid as humanity...

they are just wild animals, no pets! places like seaworld are cruel and should be prohibited

agree

Best decision for the whale -.-&#39;
He longs for FREEDOM!!!
And not after SOMETHING
The best decision for the whale :D
They're not allowed to put him to sleep or anything like that, and whether he has to continue taking part in the show is also questionable. Well, maybe he'll be free
hope it hurts much and take long fuuu whale shows

y nice whale he is doing the right

he don&#39;t need to do all what they say.... omg

@MrSaturd I know right it&#39;s got the word killer and that&#39;s why it is sad. I hope her family is ok

Those animals should just live in nature, you shouldn't teach them any tricks!!
But, sad for that trainer...
R.I.P.

i love the sea world music. RIP Dawn :(

play with fire youre gonna get burnt

he cant b go back he has been in captivity 4 2 long its jus like sentencing him 2 death he wont know how 2 hunt or b with his own kind :)

japanese are waiting outside the seaworld attraction with their fishnets and boats and seaguns lol

Guys, seriously the whale may have been hungry. Whales are smart, idk maybe she had a temper tantrum. An animal that size must have &quot;killer&quot; temper tantrums. Or maybe she just was trying to play tug of war?

I  feel bad for what happened to this woman but I  believe these whales like so many other animals kept in captivity can snap under pressure at any given time. They don&#39;t have a life!  They have to obey and do what they&#39;re told.  When a whale does something like this its all over the news.  What about human serial killers perverts and pedofiles who kill just  for fun? The whales belong in their natural habitat but Sea World would be giving up millions of $  if they did something so dignified.

they were standing on a whale? i wonder why the whale got her anyway the whale must of been there for a long time in captiity soo its probably getting sick of being in a tank i say FREE THE WHALE WHALES ARE TOO BIG FOR CAPTIVITY!!!

i argree

These are amazing animals, could it be that they are not well the way they are kept there? That they really should be free? Because I think that whale absolutely loved the woman and was just cracking up at some point for some reason.

Do not support animal exploitation.



Boycott Sea World and other organizations that enslave creatures for their own self-interested agenda.

Do not support the enslavement of animals for profit.



Boycott Sea World, zoos, circuses, rodeos, and all organizations that exploit animals out of self-interested greed and entertainment.

who gives a fuck about animals.  Human life is more important than animals!

So sad that someone had to die again,but when you take wild animals, that for thousands if not millions of years have traveled thousands of kilometres yearly in the search of food and mate, then to put them in an extremely small space and expect them to not be frustrated and sometimes lash out in ways that humans would not consider normal is ludicrous. We see pictures of bears and monkeys chained up and cry &quot;wolf&quot; but a wale in a tank is a tourist attraction.

ppl cant trust wild animals ..........she shoulda known that.

Well it&#39;s in the name isn&#39;t it! KILLER whale?

stuff u
she got fucked up by a whale. A creature she loved killed her in the most horrific way possible lol (sorry) how is  that a death to be proud of?



now if the death was quick (which it def wasnt) then that differnt.

that shit is soooo koooool.

It&#39;s like putting your head on a tiger&#39;s mouth, he kills your ass, and people say. Tiger went crazy... NO! Tiger went TIGER!! killer went killer, surprise surprise!!

This sucks. I  dont understand why ppl feel the need to toy with the animals. Eat them or let them live in peace.

Tilikum said he had enough...

You have to be a moron to get into the water with these KILLER whales.



They&#39;re not called that for nothing, in case you were wondering. It&#39;s a name that&#39;s well deserved.

I really dont blame the whales...i would be pretty mad too if someone took me out of my home and put me in captivity.

this is so terrible but these animals should be free.

and my thoughts are with the caged whales !!!!

and my thoughts are with the caged whales !!!

gonna miss her alott... she&#39;s the best and experience trainer..... RIP...

Free Willy!

@happysomeday09 I think its too late to send him to the ocean.....

Hello, Minonvre, it's Magdaleno, I heard that they are going to kill the whale. I think he should be set free because it's not his fault. He was in trouble because of so much work. This is my opinion. Greetings.
that&#39;s what you get for annoying wildlife.. free the whales!

Does this make it a killer killer whale?

WALES RULE

Warm greetings from Chile to the family of Ms. Dawn (RIP) and for their peace of mind, many people, especially children, will remember her for her educational and entertaining work.
When you see the blue sea and the blue sky, I know where she is now. Once again my respectful greetings.
Byee
