BETAB-500 is my favorite hero in this series!
Agree! Isn’t it good quality for a shmurdyak to fly through the air after an explosion!?
oh, it’s not sweet for them there... they have to curl up along the way...
BETA concrete-piercing bombs are clear, but what does the last B in this abbreviation mean? :)
This is detonation, how much was lying inside, potential partners are generous, but alas, it was scattered and settled into dust)))
They missed again. The bombs landed a hundred meters from the target. Disgraceful!
The holes are probably 15 meters
WHAT KIND OF FUCK ARE YOU TELLING ME?
There is so much BETAB in this sound....in general, the best propaganda channel for VKS. Not that there is this stinking Marmot propaganda. people immediately sense where the truth is and where the rot is
We were born to turn the bunker into dust. )
<a href="">00:07</a> the sun was radiant, smiled cheerfully...
It feels like Mars is already being bombed))
That's how they bombed, that's how they bombed
there people!!
Guys, they are not bombing Syria, but the masters of America.
Are they filmed from drones or from the planes themselves?
Soon in the US: JE SUIS ISIS

Dear, but so... it's an undeniable fight against the moderate opposition!!! The personnel is impressive!!! Min..., are you giving stuffing and circuses?? On the other hand, it’s somehow not comme il faut to watch the deaths of “people”... .
Burns well and brightly.
The explosion looks like the Russian Air Force flag..)
The macaques were scattered in the wind.
Holy cookies! What kind of weapon is this??? Why does it shine so brightly, is it a mini nuclear bomb? As if Zeus was punishing
Firefighters are looking, Police are looking, Photographers are looking in our capital, They've been looking for a long time, But they can't find a guy of about twenty. Average height, broad-shouldered and strong, he walks around in a black T-shirt and cap. ISIS flag in his hands. BABAKHI bomb There is no one
I can do the same in Photoshop
There is no smell of igil there! All targets are first operated against the militias, and the cities where the ISIS are based are not bombed.
Russians! With your barbaric bombings, you are destroying innocent American money! You will answer for this! - Burak Obamenko -
Crimea is ours!!!!
Only here I seem to be asking the question: what did they show me? Well, how can you understand that they were hitting terrorists, and not an open field, for example?
Do they even know what they are aiming at?

Finally a country with balls!

from america God bless the Russians

With each explosion the dollar becomes cheaper))
Past! P.S. There has never been and is no IS in Latakia.
well, there are rays in all directions, this is not “My Little Pony” what time??? I think this music will suit this video)))
The words of Allah have reached the ears of the freaks
You need ODAB-9000 and coat it with lard
Nataliya Halas Russia is saving the world from the evil of the 21st century - American ISIS! Say thank you to Russia, as people all over the world do, and don’t spew out your hatred here!
Fucking murderers. Stupid Russia.
For idiots who are not able to perceive information the first time: the crosshair in the video is not the sight of a bomber or multi-role fighter (videos are generally recorded by drones), it is the focusing point of the UAV camera, which monitors the destruction of designated targets. Therefore, it is not surprising that it first explodes somewhere else, and then the crosshair moves there.
There are so many subscribers to the channel that if you turn on monetization, then the whole operation in Syria will pay off)))
tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum tum Empire is coming!!!!
The TV tribe was switched from Ukraine to Syria)))))))))) Putin, give me the TV remote control.
MO has mastered Photoshop. Commendable)
What a beauty, what a beauty.
like a sun)
These videos need to be shown in cinemas in 3D format.
unexpected...and beautiful))
BETAB-500 should be googled
Cosmos Power!
ellipsis
The series is getting better and better!
The children were bombed again!
Ventilation is free... contact the RF Ministry of Defense)))
Since this is a pinpoint strike, why is the sight turned to a different place? Don't think that I'm against it. I am for it! But when they write "Accurate" or even more precisely “Point”, which means it would be correct to point the sight exactly where the explosion is calculated. Or is it another fighter filming and another bombing? If not, then it’s not even close to a targeted strike. More like a miss.
If this channel is developed, then the Ministry of Defense can take over YouTube and finance part of its operations from advertising%)
The series has reached a new level of clarity!
This is a star!
McCain: Now, we all are ISIS)))

Who knows, is this the first BETAB-500 dropped on ISIS or has it already been dropped?
“And we have no peace, neither night nor day. Bombings, bombings from the shaitan-arba"
The PREVIEW for the video is simply AWESOME! SUN! A RAY OF LIGHT IN A DARK KINGDOM!
The United States recognized ISIS as threat number 1, and Russia as threat number 2, but the Russians do not like to be second... so they decided to exploit threat number 1 in order to become first...
Allahu akbar! ))
I want to see the same thing in Kyiv.
GOD BLESS PUTIN AND RUSSIA. I am an American, and I know the American government is evil, and is controlling ISIS, funding them and arming them. I hope Russia destroys them off the face of the Earth.

Cross 50 meters to the right of the explosion, which spoiled the picture a little. I liked how spectacularly the dollars sent by the State Department scattered. The main thing with a deep meaning, they say, you won’t see happiness from ever-green candy wrappers, I approve. Overall a good clip.
There was a surprise along the way for the camera drone operator. He had no idea where the bombs would hit.... For the viewer, it is more logical when the bombs hit where the cross is. Deficiency of the Ministry of Defense.
It looked like an atomic bomb went detonating.

I hope there were Western war criminals in those centres.Go Russia!

the explosion was not expected there
Putin Akbar!
We tasted Lula-BETAB.
The steam on the cloud goes straight to HELL!!! hahahaha Horrrroooo!!!!
&quot;Oh, the bomb didn’t hit where it was aimed. I'll aim again now...”
<a href="">0:07</a> looking good
They were heartbroken
Whoops.... What the fuck is this? No.... The Ministry of Defense actually needs to sell the personnel to Hollywood.
Falcons of the sky, heroes of Great Russia. You created your glory with your fingertips. Long live Great Russia, and may history be written by the most wonderful stories of heroism, redemption, and selflessness of Russia’s heroes. May God protect Russia, its people, its leaders, and its president, Putin.
Are the white dots bucks or pieces of meat from the terrorists themselves?
Another fuck in the ass of the USA
Wow, this time they really fucked it up
Oh, forgive us ISIS 😂
I bombed your ISIS
Poor bombs and missiles, I feel sorry for them...
MORE!
ISIS shows videos of the holes these things leave - and then there’s a boom inside.
as they say: Ku-ku, crap!
Holy shit, what kind of bomb/explosive was that?

Has anyone ordered one with 3D effects?
Beautiful :) like New Year's fireworks, let's have more ;)
betab 500 works. we still need to test beta 1000 there
Star of the series Ms. BETAB-500. Beauty!
My favorite BETAB!!! :-)
Terrorist mince flies in the air in the form of sparkling dots =)
Beautiful
when will they arrive?
Past again.
Well, finally a video, we've been waiting for it :)
Krasavella
First one :)
