Diljit
This is scene from chandiagrh

Kiara and diljit do more film&#39;s together&gt;&gt;u both look good.. And your chemistry was fire

Legend  diljit
Awesome jodi 

Nishi kispotta
Diljit Dosanjh
diljit 
They look so pretty together .. Kiara u are a real beauty

Very english. 
I love Kiara
<a href=""> v

diljit

Super hit Jai hind ji AMAZING Awesome Superstar

They actually make a cute couple! Dosanj is manly and a bit serious and Advani is all girly and giggly ...haha

Diljitdosanjh ️
Hate you for what you have did to Sir Sushant Singh Rajput 

They both look cute together

Are sadi karlo dono jodi aachi h
Brother, watch the movie... Awesome!
Waiting my good news

Who think Kiara and Diljit share a cute chemistry ?

Blockbuster Good Newws ️
Any one after trailer releas

Nice

Diljit nice
Naam ukha kr reha 22 tu punjab daBas apne pichokad na buli na
Who all are watching after the trailer launch?
Im here after trailor 
Wtf is very english ! Learn English ! Mann

Anyone after watching the trailer?

kiara️️
Brother, I will come after the exercise.
Awwww my DIL VERY ENGLISH
Big fan of diljit sir and akshay sir cant wait to see both together

Boring!!!

Diljit ne dil jit liye ne sari de.. ️️
Very English. hahhaha

He is the best

hunt in diljit
Very English 
Diljit
Thaa

Diljit Dosanjh
Can&#39;t wait for this Good News

hame entjar he movie ka....only for Diljit...

Waiting
super akki sir
Bollywood&#39;s sardarji - Akshay Kumar  and Punjabi movies sardarji - Diljit , their comic timings n acting together !! Gonna b lit , mark my words 

End

Set p ak &amp; paji.. wow ye to rayta fela dege bhai...

Diljit 
Why did Diljit look so thin, my friend? What did you do to your face? Pellan kinna wadia lagda si. Please become healthy now for god's sake.
diljit akasy best
Can&#39;t wait for the movie

Aa tempu diljit ne saari film di bund maar leni aa. Hor koi vadia actor ni milya tuhanu?  WHY JUST WHY him??? 
Kiara is adorable, both look good. Could be a unique one...

There are thousands of times better actors than Diljit. Like you could have casted Shahid Kapoor, Kartik Aryan, Sunny Singh, Vicky Kaushal, Ayushman, Rajkumar, Randeep Hooda, Jimmy Shergill, Abhay Deol, Vir Das etc. Then why him? 

GoodNews will be a all time blockbuster movie I love you AKSHAY KUMAR

Diljit doesn't even have an eyeful hat...
Akki fans  Hit like if you agree 
Finally Akshay and Dharma Production are working together. 

diljit kaira best
Diljit kaira advani jodi osam
Waiting to see diljit and akshay sir together

Wow Awesome Lovely <a href="">#GoodNews</a> LoveYouAkshayKumarSirKarrenaKapoorKhanMamKiaraAdvaniMamDiljitDosanjhjSir
Superb ....
Best luck l for new  start

I wish .......I will meet akiii someday

Super Blockbuster , excited for akki

Dharma productions..... Please upload &#39;Nanhi si jaan&#39; song video from 2.O....

Kaira&#39;s voice is very much similar to Deepika&#39;s

Good Combination.. Diljit and Kiara

Love You Kiara
Diljit paaji
It&#39;s Kaira Alia Advani not Ali in the title.

<b>All Lovers Hit Likes</b>
Diljit and Akshay both self-made superstars from Punjab.

Dosanjawalla is here.

Love to see both my favourites together diljit and akshay

Look at the cast it&#39;s already super hot

Sorry all but am here for my girl Bebo Kareena Kapoor Khan all the way ️

<a href="">#AkshayKumar</a>. Best actor.
Luv u diljit
She look like alien

Here only for DILJIT

Choor mahaye shoor.. Loot crores.. Akshay Kumar Tere deil  ka choor,,
Kiara ali advani or kiara alia advani ?
.

Kiara is love  
AKSHAY KUMAR SIR YOUR PERFORMANCE IN 2.0 WAS M I N D B L O W I N G          /100
haahaa Very English....

Miss u to Akshay Kumar &amp; kareena kapoor
Great news for all Akshay Kumar fan. Love u Akshay sir
Punjabi indarsty de diljit paji is great
Diljit Veeraa 
diljit fever 
Best of luck akshay sir 

Nice video
Sad Diljit in bade production houses ke changul main phass Gaya, ye to Aamir Khan se Thugs banwa lette Hain......I hope he follow Ayushman and RajKumar Rao

Lovely 
Hi Friends 
Who love Diljit Dosanjh  
Diljit Dosanjh Always best 
Dosanjhwala ️
Please stay with your sister.
We love You diljit sir

Am I the only one who thought they were saying that it is good news that the shoot has finally begun???? xD

Super

Kiara’s voice kind of sounds like Deepika!

She looks like deepika a bit right?
Which movie....?

Diljit rocks
nice

Kiara have Ali in her name I didn&#39;t knew.

Ye flm b ghatiya hoga karan johar banners ke flm sabke sab ghatiya
Kiara Ali
Very nice

Akshay Kumar and Kareena Kapoor Khan are coming together again after such a long time 

Akshay ️
One player is heavy on sb


Akki ke Name sei hamesa Good News ata hai all the best Good News tm super hit hogi movie 100%

Both are so cute specially paji 

any  Akshay Kumar Fan here  ?
Akki sir always the best......

Superb

Akshay sir super star

f u guys video ka tag kuch aur, aur video kuch aur....
Very English hahaha

wala dosanjh rocks
Love and respect for diljit dosanjh

Akshay ️️️️
Very english 
Where is my bebo kkk

Ye lexus khadi hain naa peeche
2.0 movie ko kisne to youtube pe download kar diya he movie ko delete karav chanal ka name he Bollywood cinema 

Diljit dosanjh self-made Punjabi superstar 
Diljit dosanjh only  biggest superstar luv u

Second Good News for akkians after blockbuster 2.0

Diljit jesa insan dunia me bohat kam dekhne milte h....he is what i call perfct man...respct for grls..apne kaam se kam...no stupidity...sahi bnda h

Very English

Go for it &amp; all the best Ak sir

Here for saddi shaan diljit dosanjh
Diljit
Wow. Hats off to Akshay sir. Right after a huge release of 2.0, straight to the next film shooting. . This is the Bollywood king Akshay Kumar!

Shair of punjab Diljit Dosanjh will walk away with this film. He will be remembered for his role no matter how long or short it is. Mark my words!

Pizzz SBSUCRAB My New Chenal Coming soon my hindi Song
Kiara Ali Advani...
Akshay good news
But Karan johar ke Karan 2.O ki advance booking release se kuch hours pahle suru hue jiski wajah se 2.O ko collection wise bahoot nuksaan hue hai only in Bollywood. Or jagah pahle se advance booking suru thi to wahan ki collection v dhamaka hue h...

Kiara's voice sounds like Deepika's
My favourite diljit
Love you Kiara Advani 
Very English diljit paaji is the best

goood

I love akki so much 
Akshay kumar acting in punjabi movie??
Very English

Diljit Dosanjh sir love you sooooooooo much...too excited for you.All the best sir.

What are you doing?
<i>Niçe</i>
Kiara didn't get any favors 
Akskay kumar or 5g kumar

Only for diljit ️️
Love you akki bhaiya..
Die hard fan of dosanjha wala

Her voice felt like its deepika speaking...loved her in lust stories though.

2.0 Fans Anyone???
Diljit and akshay fans hit like 

All the best

Kareena kapoor ko nikal do yaar mujhe wo pasand nhi hai

Movie name?
Pure world me Akshay hi ek aisa actor hai Jo ek film release huwi nahin ki dusri ...tisri...movies start with blockbuster. AKKIANS like and comment , mujhe koi like nahin karta.

Kiara Ali Advani.....???? Anyone noticed
Yes love you Akshay Sir Am waiting Good news diljeet paji love you Akshay Sir Am biggest fan of you
best of luck

Diljit Dosanjh love you so much
diljit paji grat job
super

When did kaira advani convert to Islam? Her name is kaira Ali advani

Wating for kesari
Diljit Dosanjh️
Neither the room knows, nor the sister-in-law understands, where the brother-in-law's heart is stuck, the sister-in-law understands.
love to see both Akshay and Diljit paa ji sharing screen together.

Best of luck

pajji super hit hogye robot 2.o
Akshyay sir, you have to show me the picture.
From when its become kiara ali advani

What is the name of the film Good news?
what is the name of the movie
Wow whatta cast 

luv u diljit paaaji
Nice video 
<a href="">

luv u akshay sir
Diljit or Akshay
Movie hit h..will book ticket now

Kaira is such a cutepie

Dosanjhwala ️
You guys are too much... i love all of you... and of course AKSHAY SIR LOVE YOU SO MUCH

Very English 

Who saw 2.0 in 3D?
Kiara looking so cute..and diljit dosanj your the best

Wowow amazing brother️️️🇮🇳
Akshay Kumar Fans Hit Likes Here If You Are Excited 
Kiara Ali since when did she bang 
Supar

How many people see akshay sir as their idol.

Nice

&#39;Superstar&#39; Akshay kumar&quot; New movie making is begin  <a href="">#Akshaykumar</a>
Paa jee tussi great ho..
<b>See me</b>

How many people are praising  akshay sir for his work in 2.0

Which Movie

Sir, its KIARA ALIA** ADVANI

Love you akki sir
I am first
Akshay Sir Is our idle I love him.... Superstar Akshay kumar

Best of luck guys ..

bakwaas film hogi
Gb
2.0 supperrrr movieHollywood movie...

Kiara ..i love you
Diljit fan like hit here 
when will akshay sir  start shooting??

I love you dilgit sir
like for akshay

how
Super brother
Kiara the cutiepie 

Very nice
Akshay sir congrats to 2.0
Movie

I am very big fan of akshay Kumar

Awaiting for this movir

Love you Akshay,my asli hero
2019 waiting good news akki sir
1st liker

If you love Akshat Kumar prove it and  hit like to show love 

First

salute sir ji
I am the six viewer

2.o Mst movie sir The worst Indian movie since today
akshay fans hit like

best akshay kumar sir
1st liked by me

Hola lalalalalalalalala
m 2nd butek number akshay kumar

First like

Do you love Akshay and rajni sir??

First

4th viewer
Nice

Very good
