Nothing is wrong abt it??  I am sure he was being humourous

Damned if you do and damned if you don&#39;t.

Yr daughter is a play girls who got husband but felling in love with a Gay like Karan Johar,first see whats happening in yr hse,then talk about others

he has a good sense of humour. He is a good personality. He didn&#39;t say anything like that to troll him

AMITABH BACHAN IS VERY CHEEKYHE THINKS THAT HE IS GREATN ALSO HIS FAMILYKHUD KEH GAR PEH NOOKSNAHI DIKHATA BUT DOOSARI GARPEH NOOKS DIKHATA.SHAMELESS CREATURESAMITABH BACHAN N HIS FAMILY.JAYA BACHAN HAS ALSO BIG MOUTH.
He just wrote that out of love i dnt think it was so serious to take

Yes

Useless  family

You collie are so consumed with the lives of the bollweirds

Isme kya galat bt boli unhone... ek fun way me Bola tha unhone

Why people first see the negative side of anything.... See the positive side too!!... He said in a jovial manner

As an elder he should be congratulating them and blessing  them instead of these silly sooo  called joke.

Whats wrong in this tweet. If their girls become cricketers of Indian team its eventually a pride for us. Nothing&#39;s wrong in saying like this.  Am not a supporter of amitabh but my objection is &quot; he just said for fun . Why can&#39;t we people take it as fun.

Why didnot bachchen become a poet then?

Amitabh your days are numbered

Big B has a big mouth I don&#39;t even Jaya I dont know  why  are they jealous of everyone

Hey friend, it has been said since childhood that don't make such a news.
Oh come on.... Ppl........ He just told...... Don&#39;t make it a bigggggg news as of. .... Focus on others problems in r country n not on useless things like these....

This greedy old man should go and hide himself.

I think all this hulabalu is unnecessary if big b made a comment on twitter abt the cricketers daughters i am sure it was not meant to demean anyone.  Come on guys dont make a mountain out of a molehill its uncalled for.

Whatever Big B says is misunderstood... People have lost good sense...of late...he said with good intentions... And that&#39;s all...why make fuss over this  just enjoy Life..

Faltu video



Please Respect our legend Amitabhji his wishing cannot be nepotism, please don&#39;t turn his tweets into hatred 

He was talking in a jovial manner because most cricketers got daughters instead of sons.

It&#39;s got nothing to do for anyone to predict or make remarks of whose daughter is going to be in their foot steps. Just watch out for your own family let children be free to live their life.

Take good rest 
No it is not right to troll Big B the Guy is just being humorous come on people get a life you are like predators waiting to attack

No this is wrong of smoky evening big b only write his thought as he want he don&#39;t get trolled

Dour, humourless denizens.

People they’re just jealous they need to he is right if your dad is a doctor you’re going to be a doctor

M.Bachhachan.veteran is Bollywood.an.no.besth.hero.corruption.and.fam.problm.drogs..
1st let him take care of his granddaughter whos sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Ugly...Then let him think about the rest

No I don&#39;t like 
Dont makes reumers ya
You read the main video since when has this drama been going on by tying bananas, baby, what has happened to others, will you try for money?
B B should not say anything about other actress child because his house is worst than anyone else. His whole life is based on cheating, bullying, arrogant.

He is become depressed ,mad

What about him his daughter is not actress she is druggist

He said a joke  I just took it as a joke

Bless him . He is the living god in india. And can say do wat he wants. 

Am sure whatever he said was with good intentions...infact it would be wonderful to have women playing in the national team.Thank you big B.

Abhishek is an amazing actor he can act well at less better than Salman

Hey this what call
Omg u people are crazy he just make a comment what&#39;s f big deal leave big B alone .

Bachan is a idiot. He have grand daughter too so that mean his grand daughters will be the head of the film industry Shame at Bachan to make that stupid remarks

Now their time is not right, let them lie low, they are tweeting nonsense, why not a single word has been written about Sushant's murder?
1st

Something has gone wrong with mr Bachman. He is idle so talks nonsense. Let him keep his comments for his grand children. Boycott

Justice for sushant

A gift by god daughter is a light,hope for your do the best as parent,do not take advise from others,they are also human,talking doesn&#39;t make sense or miracle happen,Anusha as a mother u do what Is right,don&#39;t bother them but not a flim star,,she must be something good.it&#39;should be a carrier in life.anusha I saw most your movies u r great,end of the day where r u now,she should have pride and dignity with,time had change,but pls not a flim star,once in life time,do good ,better and the best.god bless u three.good nite0

Said in jest. To be treated so

Who want Shahid Kapoor and Mira rajput love story by Smoky evening hit like to this comment let&#39;s see how much viewers are waiting for this video

hehe i am here

Big b is so  arrogant  as he is  no one  to  tell  them   that  what  should  their  children  to  do

Let him decide if his grand daughter is going to become an actress  first, then he can decide for other celeb children.

Please tell Big B who to me is now Small B to first clean up the dirt within his family before making comments on others, what an a..hole

What is making fun? This is not making fun he just said like that

Why you guys are interfering ziva and mahi in this video

Ohh god log chooti chooti baaton ka bhatangar bana dete hai Sahi matlab nikalana kyu nahi aata.And what if he did spelling mistakes Did the guys who are trolling never did mistake in writing.I just want to say kee baatao ko positive way mein bhi lena chahiye

The people of India just want to create controversies on stupid topics it was just comedy and small joke .... we know that a big B has a good sense of humour he probably just gave this statement as a joke .... BUT we all know people of India just want to create  controversies on stupid topics

Imagine smoking evening get heart to me 
Hii smoky evening
So what is wrong in this case?? It will be the parents and kids&#39; choices after all if the dauthers will be intrested in cricket than they will go,if not that they won&#39;t,no one can change thier desison.

1 viewer

Oh no! Shame on you! No no no. You can&#39;t make fun of Anuskha Baby! Anvi is nice name and your bullying? Bad bad bad.

Omg her baby is so/super cute

First view

Is anushka sharma left the bollywood ?Why she is not getting movies
