Which smartphone should I switch to now?

Lol

This is why foldable dual screen phones are a BAD idea, I&#39;m sure a lot of us knew that before they came out.

I think the world is ready now 2 years later we now have the fold 3 and at the end of this current year 2021 we will get the galaxy fold dual and hopefully the galaxy smart ar glasses! If your from the future say hi to my old ass!😁👌

When folded , looks like holding 2 phone

Does this &quot;not have enough room for a headphone jack&quot; as well? I hate these corporations with their excuses.

Who’s remember this garbage hhhhhh god I feel petty to people who bought it hhhhhhh

LG v50 🖤 it&#39;s a dual screen option I know you did a video on it already but it was awesome

MY HUAWEI MATE X PRO is on another lavel.

You talk much but sayin nothing. Like spiled child talking about toy.

taste

bangtantv

Cuz samsung is trash slow and expensive

alamak bro why u dont use that galaxy fold anymore?its wasted like that phone its expensive weyyyy..dont wasted la lol

Nothing can&#39;t be fixed by some duck tape ,

The sad music in the backround

I&#39;m from 2067 I figured out there is gonna be a phone that can turn into anything u could imatineO:

i would say folding it back and forth being addictive is actually a negative... more wear and tear on the screen

Hi daddy
weren&#39;t you suppose to just point out the issues and say goodbye, what are you blabbering about!!! seems like got your heartbroken!

He didn&#39;t want to let go his baby SAMSUNG GALAXY FOLD LMAO

Aww he was so in love with his baby SAMSUNG GALAXY FOLD LMAO

It looks like if the fold was horizontal then it would fix the closed phone skinniness

You are the burner... I love your videos... Keep it up... 💪😎👑
Its hilarious you complain about the keyboard in its closed position .... I have an iPhone SE with a 4 inch screen and i can text on that ALL DAY LONG WITH NO ISSUES so having a 4.3 inch display, I myself don&#39;t see an issue with texting on that front screen...I believe the issue is YOU, normally having a larger 5+ inch screen as your main and only screen to deal with, your used to texting on a larger screen and this SMALLER screen is only 4.3 inches so your not used seeing a smaller keyboard so its awkward now .. Its no different from driving a full sized chevy suburban then dropping to a Mini Cooper ... I saw this phone in person at best buy and i was seriously impressed. The audio was impressive, YES i saw the middle partition but only if i LOOKED for it, otherwise when i was playing a video, i didn&#39;t see that crease ....

lets wait how apple will do a folding phone

Nnnnnnnnntttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Its already have been re released

Now never remove the screen protector thinking its a useless thing its very important for the function of the device just never peel that off for satisfactions ok

I was literally playing the background song in my piano

At least Samsung is always ahead of Apple

What&#39;s the title of the background song?

The idea of this is to fit a smartphone and a tablet in your pocket.  The mate x did better because of the larger modern display that we are accustomed to today.  We need this kind of technology, tablet and smartphone in one

With all those things and bad things aside the phone is a really great and nice product

Ohh no !! Im crying right now are u crying to??

iPhone 11

Give it to me

iPhone 11 pro max it’s a good phone I own it myself

Review the Razor!

Switch to huawei devices

Huawei devices is the best in the world 🗺Samsung and apple 🍏 have to live under huawei shadowsBelieve thatPEACE ✌️ out

Samsung screwed up
Send me please

Still better than Iphone

Samsung kundey adikkeran
Its a 2 grand tablet that will break 🤮🤮

Hmmm instead of bending the screen, why not roll it? You can call it the Samsung scroll. Either way I think rolling the screen would be less damaging than bending it

Galaxy Fool😆
Cosmo communicator
Just wait until Samsung comes out with the folding lipo exploding battery....

if you going to throw it away the samsung galaxy fold,just give it only to me 😁

Biggest shitphone ever! Dont buy
5.53 .......... What ? a 2K smart phone may not be a luxury device?

Xiaomi Mi Alpha
Even Koreans are not allowed to buy. I really envy you. I want to have one, but Koreans can&#39;t buy Korean goods. Currently, Samsung LG is developing a rollable phone. It is a phone that is rolled out and unfolded. I want to have one too. Samsung Electronics~

Bigger than 5s bro

iPhone 11

Moonlight sonata.
Ugliest stupidest phone I’ve ever seen 😂😂

Nokia 3310
Samsung is the Bethesda of tech. Rough buggy launches, followed by gorgeous innovative products.

Its Going to be released on the 18th september, £1.900 pounds .who will be able to afford it ?

🤦🏼‍♂️. This is why I’ll never buy anything from Samsung. They should stick to TVs.

The new official Samsung Galaxy Fold released. Talk about it !

Now: Hello galaxy fold
GUESS WHATS BACK TODAY

Hey, galaxy fold is back review again and Switch now  galaxy fold.😁

Kew reminds me of Benjamin button, seems to look younger as time goes by 🤷‍♂️

Go back to zte axon m, it functions 😆

Already? Jesus that was a failure

Wahhabi YouTuber
Let&#39;s see the PIXEL 4 XL, unless you already did it and I haven&#39;t found it. Anyway I was interested in this &#39;fold&#39; to replace my long-standing iPhone lineage. Apple iPhone has become boring and the interface is now dated.

That phone is a joke 2000 dollar piece of shit

Also it miss pronounce, it should be named “Galaxy Flop”

Please choose Oneplus 7t

the floppest electronic i ever seen

Basically iPad Super Mini + cellular.Get it CAUSE APPLE STUFF FOLDS

nokia 3310
You speak like Morty with  slite tone of yours 🐼

NOKIA 3310 😂😂😂

Give me a phone

Trac phone

put it in an apple pro stand. for a G that thing should make calls

I&#39;ll come back to the fold in 5 years. By then it will be ready for someone like me that literally drops my phones probably once a week.

His Sim card moves around more than Terrell Owens when he was in the NFL

Jesus saves
I buy for the buds

Most of the issues were caused by the Bozos removing the outer screen layer.

Nokia Lumia 520
<b>10 years ago</b>Everyone: I bet we&#39;ll get close to holographic phones<b>Now a day</b>Samsung: let&#39;s go back to flip phones!!!

Samsung  I truly love.My TV is Samsung.My Sound System is Samsung.My mobile phones were all  GNotes.I love buying Gnote Fold by September 2019!I just 💞💞Samsung.

NOKIA 3210

Hehe. Hot topic

Did anyone notice he was watching a odd ones out video on his fold?

S10

In intro you hear moonlight sonata
I still don&#39;t get this, just get a tablet. I like the idea of roll up screen so we cane have something like Earth: Final Conflict communicators(less bulky though) or even wearable.

This phone is gonna create some porn addictions.

Cool Samsung, All the best. Very natural and normal for new technologies to fail initially. Hope you will come out of these teething problems ASAP and release this phone. Yes it will be costly today, but with mass production I am sure the price will come down,

Im watching the ads to get you the money back

Dude it am small youtuver

I dont kmow why you so baised if apple do this You always say bad about them yr common not fair If apple hv problem thn is too much You always say its expansive so dont buy okay You are tyoe of people you always use iphone but they dont give you money so they bad

can it facetime??if it does i’m getting me one

Nokia 9 The thing that has seven cameras

Creeper

I love my note9....

Wow that sucks, like the surface pro of Microsoft. We need to stop buying this products. Thanks for the video.

Huawei p30 pro
Back to basic is the most smart thing to do...every time a smartphone gets smarter the average human gets more stupid

Moonlight sonata
Note 10

Iphone are bad If I have to select a Phone i select The samsung galaxy s10

That thing is just ugly! It&#39;s too thin when folded and the folded display is a joke, how anyone at Samsung approved this for release is beyond me. There is no need for a phone that folds, this was just Samsung rushing something to the market so they can say they did it first. So much money wasted on R&amp;D on this stupid thing and it&#39;s not going to sell.....

Samsung note 10 pro
I would like the new version of the Samsung Galaxy Fold to have a bigger screen when the phone is unfolded so you can use it easly

This phone will really change user interfaces for websites

I absolutely love Samsung but this phone is just shit. No offense

Im a bricklayer. Monday going to get it. See how long will it last with me.

I knew it 😁
Use Xiaomi Redmi note 7

Me(only looking at the thumbnail): Aahh yess, lew changing his daily driver again to the galxy fo...Lew:  <b>no</b>

Rather use iPad and the price is ridiculous . Battery wise ??? I’d rather carry a bank . Oh Samsung stop ripping the people .

iPhone 10

&quot;We&#39;re coming out with folding smartphones!&quot; &quot;Oh, you mean like a full size phone that you can actually put into your pocket?  What a great idea!&quot;&quot;Um... Actually....&quot;

S10 5G Huawei P30 pro?
I&#39;m in love with mine and my whole family is with there&#39;s as well

Pixel 3 xl

The Samsung fold is coming back in September

Galaxy s10 plus
Ha.....hA.......ha.. .

At list motherboard didn&#39;t burn like mine...

Cant you just keep the phone?  Why are you obligated to give it back if you bought it

Go to galaxy a80

2020 samsung galaxy s11
Pixel 2 XL

Razer phone 2

sorry but i was just listening to moonlight sontana

Apple is seeing these bad Samsung reviews and since apple and Samsung both compete, now that apple probably saw this, they might make a better device that this one

Use the OPPO RENO

Iphone 11 clone

Alcatel One Touch 311. It&#39;s a bit expensive but totally worth it.

dont worry ill take good care of it

Note 7 again

Get nokia 3310
That’s what we said “not so fast “ before you 101%ready

Huawei P30 Pro
Samsung A80 or A8s
Huawei P30, or Samsung Galaxy A70
mate x

Switch to the Blackview max1.See how often you actually use the Built in projector!

Physical keypads are coming back

Huawei does a much better job

The new Sony Xperia

...I am not even 1 bit surprise.

10 days...

There was a better way of designing this phone. Instead of a flex screen that creases, they should’ve used three separate pieces of bias cut Gorilla Glass, a small sliver piece in the center cut in a bias on either side to (almost) seamlessly join them. Of course, that would essentially be three separate screens and the synchronization would possibly be an issue at first. But honestly, I can’t deal with the crease. Plastic, no matter how durable, especially with pixels involved, is going to look horrible.

Pixel2

I could bet that in the comments they are Apple Haters with hate comments on apple, even if the video is about Samsung.Lmao.

Ai bro just sent one phone

wow~awesome~This is my exclusive moment~
Samsung A80
Use a Samsung Galaxy s10e
Huawei mate x
S 10

If anyone is wondering the music in the backround is beethovens moonlight sonata 1st movement

I just think that if people drop 2k for a foldable phone. their pretty much morons, listen people its alott better and smarter to wait, a few years then go after the said phone. you want after all the issue&#39;s, are taken out. witch in all honesty. the manufacturer&#39;s should not put a phone, on the market itll they can 100% guarantee. itll work as advertised. if not no point on putting it on the market. dumbass/ignorant move. yes, i have the LG stylo 4 brand spanking new. but, news flash it isnt fold. so no unrealistic issue&#39;s. p.s. the battery only lasts 16+ ish hours. but, thats fine. the equalizer is outrageously amazing, with listen to all my favorite songs from numerous artists its awesome. The sound is better than beats quality. but you have to know how to customize sound. like me but anyhow my point is. dont go after aImpractical phone. like, that knew phone that is all touch thats mimicking the iconic razor phone. from Motorola pretty dumb making that phone as well and putting a price tag, 1.5k. like are you serious? dont advertise a phone unless you know for a fact itll make it. Thankyou.

OK u said that u think that phone is the future but now I are sayin the world is not ready

Lg did a better dual screen with the v50. Too bad lg sucks with their implementation and marketing. It&#39;s More functional than this &quot;durable&quot; brick

Samsung galaxy s10+ or huawei psmart
ofcourse its a luxury device! Jeez its 2000 dollars!

Um how about the iPhone 5c lol

Kyocera echo came out in 2011 with a similar concept.

I feel like it should have been made to reverse flip so when it closes it has like a beyond infinity screen or something

BLU r2 Plus 2019
So... A phone and a tablet combined? I’ll stick with my IPhone Xr

start using a jailbroken iPhone.

What a shame tho

It&#39;s completely useless device. You can have multiple high end phones and tablets with 2K or that pile of garbage.

S9+

Nokia 3310
Samsung a80
Feels great to hold it in fold mode.

Hey why he hate Apple’s products. I used somehow all iPhones from iPhone general to iPhone 6 and I never had a problem using it. I still have an antique working iPad 2🤣🤣🤣

<b>galaxy fold is just a flip phone that turns into a bigger flip phone</b>

This was the most painful launch made in android history

They&#39;re trying at least

This is MUCH better than the apple one apple doesent even listen to customers. screw em

This is MUCH better than the apple one apple doesent even listen to customers. screw em

I wanna buy one so bad can’t wait for it to come back

Throughout history we know that every one just want a regular phone, maybe a 6.2 screen phone, but for them fold phone, just give it up they all havr fail... I remember years way back sprint launch one folding phone with company i dont remember, but i bough it and it was a disaster.

you are a mediocre and ignorant

K20 pro

Waiting for the galaxy note fold!

It’s ok phew this vid was a month old

Not for long they’re revamping it

Didn&#39;t atm made a dual screen phone

Someone: Are you a tablet or a phone?Samsung Galaxy Fold: yes

Apple Fan Boy feels so good. :D

Redmi K20 Pro

Unbox Therapy: I&#39;m not a fanMe: Of course you are a human

1 word :GARANCY
Such a boring channel this has become...

You can use samsung A50 or A70 or A80

Beethoven moonlight sonata 1st
I would like to see you reviewing mi9 as it is a great device in my opinion. Especialy because of the price tag that comes with it and the specs

How about the Huawei Mate 20 or the 20 pro?

Samsung out here trying to make a full screen flip phone

S10+

your ads are what gave you the thumbs down

Samsung would have my heart if they just killed FUCKING BIXB Y yy

so we are pretty much going back to the flip phone

A phone that fold like that not worth getting anyways and it cost too much.

Nokia again the king of flip phones

Flip phones story:Galaxy fold released- phone discontinuedMate x released- company got banned!

Why you need a folding phone.

How about switching to the &quot;Fairphone 2&quot;?

Xs max

Yeah it is a very cool phone to flex since not many people can afford it

You should get a iPhone 2g

That phone will be a collector’s item, gonna be worth a lot one day

Are you capable of speaking good things about any device. I don’t think so

😂 😂 😂  Huawei Mate x  is the altimate.

iPhone 11

oppo a57
Can i just get a &quot;paper&quot;phone that can contort and snap back and is super thin just like the prototypes. Thanks.Edit: these things are justfoldable tablets.

Unbox therapy must switch to the One plus 7 pro

“samsung is better” they says

10xmax

Use the newest HTC flagship phone. Those guys are not getting enough love and they have the most practical features packed in for real world use in my opinion

At lest the galaxy gold did not explode 💥

Soonsil Electronics mobilized all their commenters haha, so fucking pathetic
How is this show useful, he is always switching phones and fan boying over tech just because it is new.

Recall alert!

You should use the htc desire 12+I got 4 weeks use out of mine. Even though it is currently an international only phone you can use it on an att network with 3g and some 4g and gsm networks only. Make sure the sim card goes in sim tray slot one or you will not get the network to work lol. I used the phone for about 4 weeks. Being around 200 dollars its ok. The battery life is like the best I have ever seen. The battery barely drained using YouTube for several hrs. It has a premium feel to it with the same elegant smooth design as the pricier htc u12 flagship phones which is nice. It has a really good fingerprint scanner. It can even scan a dirty finger and recognize it. It has a good bokeh feature on the camera app The power button as groves and the volume button is smooth so you do not accidentally hit one  or the other button, a feature more phones need to implement in design. It has an impressively light feel to it for being so big. When you start up the phone you have to navigate a foriegn language and try to get to a setting to change that to English due to it being an outside the us sold by htc phone. You do get a pop up stating the phone complies with EU standards Meaning European Union which means that the phone will have much better security options available than a non EU phone which I grew to quickly love and was the one thing I miss. The bad side of the phone after 2 weeks I started to notice the fingerprint sensor not responding as many times  meaning more times where I had to use the on screen password or code option. The camera is very unstable and overly sensitive and the tiniest movements cause a blurred or just plain bad image to occur. Like all bad designs the speaker is three holes on the bottom of the phone with poor sound compared to other phones. Talking on a phone call I had to repeat things or be louder constantly so the onther caller could hear. The phone on att prepaid had random connectivity issues and network blackouts while in a good cell coverage area which should not have happened since the phone was factory unlocked and gsm unlocked. The big number one issue I had is that the phone is not the slightest bit durable. Only one Fall ever no scratches  on bangs just one fall. One fall while slowly on my bycycle going slow as possible spider craked the screen and rendered the phone useless as this also caused connectivity issues big time aswell and at this point the fingerprint scanner no longer works after the fall lol. My Samsung j3 2016 from back in the day was cheaper and could handle many falls and scrapes like a pro. I am a fitness guru and since ditching the disappointing Htc Desire 12+ I switched to the recently new Samsung active series and love my Samsung galaxy A6 so much. I guess it was a final attempt to try and love htc once more and either siltick with them or forget them forever. I remember yrs ago having an htc desire 536 with super loud speakers and incredible specs for its time for between 55 and 70 dollars. Htc has had thier share of issues and will probably face more as the company heads on a scary downward slope to maybe its final collapse as htc struggles to try everything its got to stay in the game. And it doesn&#39;t have much. Anyway. Its an excellent starter phone. Would not recommend it as your daily driver if you have had other phones. Switched back to trustworthy good ol Samsung. HTC is now nothing more than a memory.

when i grow up i wanna work to samsung becouse i have alout of idias

huawei p30 probefore its to latewhen you bought already the phone you can get updates from googlebut if you didn&#39;t buy it after the august you won&#39;t have any updatesso attention guys: don&#39;t sell you current phones before august that is still working i have my huawei nova 3iand i have my update yesterday and it will be updated from google forever because i&#39;ll explain again just backread what i said tho🙂

so if you need it to go back to samsungare they giving 100% refund?

I think you should put you sim card in Nokia 3310 best phone everIt have games ,radio and you can use it as hammer and it doesn&#39;t explode

I meam the camera is cool but hows the pornhub. Bet you didnt think to try that out.

How sad. I wish it would last forever.

WE HAVE TO APPRECIATE SAMSUNG. FOR BRAVENESS TO CEEATE THIS PHONE.

Switch to the 2019 iPod Touch! Don&#39;t know how you will get your sim-card into it though...

Dope ultra boost.
Samsung Galaxy Fold is a good phone. This is a cell phone that I really want to own and use. (Nation will rise against nation, kingdom will rise against kingdom, and there will be food shortages and earthquakes in various places. All of this is the beginning of travail. -Matthew 24: 7,8 He who walks with wise men will become wise, but he who associates with fools will be harmed. -Proverbs <a href="">13:20</a>You must not feel pity. Life is life. Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot. - Deuteronomy <a href="">19:21</a> The righteous will possess the earth and live there forever. - Psalm <a href="">37:29</a>For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever exercises faith in him should not be destroyed but have eternal life. -John <a href="">3:16</a>He will wipe away every tear from their eyes, and death will be no more, neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore; the former things have passed away. Revelation 21:4) (Those with chronic diseases) drink water (your own urine) from your cistern (bladder), and drink water flowing from your well. - Proverbs <a href="">5:15< /a>
Weak shit.

Lithium Battery death, is still a huge problem for smartphones.

Samsung Samsung Galaxy s10 + i think thats right.

oppo reno
I am the exact 6470000th viewer

E

Miss me on this one, to many moving parts! My Note 9 is fantastic, looking right passed this one and on to the Note 10!

happy with my note 9......got another 15 months yet on my contract.....see how the &#39;folders are doing then🤔..  this one seem too thick for my liking!😫

The clickbait is real.

Rip

$$$$$$$$$

I hate the phone

My phone never did this all u did this especially to make a bad review video

Huawei mate x is better

Just shows that these big companies are only in it for the money how can they try and charge you two grand for something that is totally not built right ,how can a big company like Samsung miss all these defects

I hope that the next version (not the repaired, but next year&#39;s) will have a stylus. It seams like the perfect device for it. I don&#39;t have a note, but I do have the Galaxy book 12, and a stylus is amazing.

1st... Nokia 9300 is NOT a folding screen. Yes it folded but not at the screen. C&#39;mon people. 2nd Samsung calling back a product is a great thing, morally speaking, not letting consumers to spend money on a product that is not going to last. $2k is still ridiculous but if u have it, do you. Great review guys... Switch to Nokia 3300 would be hilarious for a week. Surprise to see if it still works. L8r bro

i am a careful person, but i work in a really dusty and dirty enviroment so the ip68 rating is almost a must, and with frequent work outside which do from time to time take place in the rain would a phone that isn&#39;t waterresistant be at risk big time. i used to have a phone without ip68 and it is proper destroyed from all the dust and water it had to endure

I didn’t see something suck that bad since the power glove.

That thing sucks ass. Stop sugar coating it.

FIRST THE NOTE 7! NOW THE GALAXY FOLD? LEAVE THE FRAGILENESS TO APPLE, THERE PROS AT LESS DURABILITY

Try mate X

Nokia brick plz
Guys, check out Meritmeter for this review, it has ratings too.

At the end game it is a flipable smartphoneFliphone: is this a jokeMe: I am sorry. I am here for you

switch to a iphone 1

I will never buy samsung again! They sold me a crap t.v and won&#39;t help me.

Anyone who paid that much for a folding phone and DIDN&#39;T expect the screen to break deserves anything that comes their way

Was that screen protector the touch overlay to connect both screens? Yeah that design was bad, it&#39;s just two phones stuck with an overlay 😂

Not 10

Props for Samsung for pushing the envelope. At this point that is juts not an attractive phone

huaweis folding phone is amazing

ZTE

Samsungs are the worst don&#39;t buy

Zenfone 6
Iam a biggest fan of your, your style of introducing the smartphone  is very cool

HUAWEIIUUUU
just waiting for a competent phone company like Apple to make a folding phone, no screen breaking, or battery explosions

To be honest with you i don&#39;t like the dubble screen its dum because u can possibly break when you open and close every time it will break trust me .💨😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢.Im not a huge fan of galaxy phone.💨😢😢😢😢.

And people complain about apple at least they haven’t ever put out a product that completely flopped

iPhone 5

what&#39;s the game at <a href="">3:36</a>??

Just caught the Jay&#39;s hat , good looking out! vladimir guerrero jr unboxing to come?

Nokia
How do you get phones to test them out?I want to start reviewing phones

Yup I knew it!!!

3d tvs lasted longer than Samsung fold,and 2,000 dollars for this garbage!!

I think u should choose iPhone x

Samsung fold this is not your era

Samsung try to bit Hwawei but lost and lost lol

S10+

Switch to one plus 7Plz 😂👍🏼

<a href="">3:42</a> lmao Geometry Dash. I wonder how it feels like to game on a 1:2/1:3 screen phone

Folding phones! Something nobody asked for and nobody wants! What a waste of money by Samsung! *cant even put a case on it! Whoever designed this should be fired from Samsung!

Galaxy fold is getting ready to face thanos tommorow...

iPhone 7 Plus. Jailbreak it with Unc0ver. Boom.

Nokia any thing, if you can find it

Just tape 2 phones together then bam problem solved.

Qthanks for being honest

It&#39;s a good option for people that game on their phone or frequently watch videos and movies on it. Options people! There is always options!!

Newest phone be a weak durability. -_-Too annoying when try buy a new phone xD

does any one know what is that white transparent panel on the bottom of navigation bar?

Let iPhone work on it lol

Redmi note 7

I loved the background music : Moonlight by Beethoven ❤😍

The only time I can see this being useful is if I needa watch a movie or sum.. otherwise this is just dumb tbh.

What&#39;s up with the shake in the camera with the opening shot. Don&#39;t you guys have a STM lens!? I know you guys can do a million times better ;)

use whatever  you want 😌

You should see how well the iPhone 5 performs today versus when it first came out.

HAHHAHA.. SONY WILL NEVER DO THIS..THAT&#39;S WHY I ALWAYS USE JAPANESE PREMIUM BRAND..THEIR PRODUCTS DESIGN IS RIPE AND COMPLETELY WORK WELL.. VERY RARE OCCASIONS OF FAILURE.. AND THEY DON&#39;T HAVE BIG MOUTH AS SAMDUNGPLASTIC SCREEN?? WHAT A JOKE

Samsung galaxy fool?
switch to one plus7

Grab yourself a KaiOS device! Smart-ish flip phones. Would love to see a vid of that!

if only they could remove the Fkn front facing camera..... dont wana be looked at wile watching bigscreen mia kalifa

Aosangmu
pop that sim card into an S10e !

Xr

As if anyone thought for a second this phone would succeed

Do review of Nokia 9 Pureview

Sir, switch to iPhone Xs Max...but that one please give it to me. Thank you,sir

What if you just didn&#39;t give it back?

Anything other than an iPhone

F that...huawei Mate X...legggooooooo

Xs max

Use the Xperia one for the Sim card

2k phone jusyt remove the plastic it damages

I told you. It’s not ready. They just want to be known as the first one to do it. LOL but FAILED leads to discontinuation

So like......they finna make a case for that?

Google pixel 3 XL
Is anyone geting Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy vibes from this phone?

if it had an Spen

go with vivo nex dual display phone

Huawei Mate 20 X of course. 😁

Try the note 9, it&#39;s pretty good. 😁

Aside from the physical flaws, it&#39;s Samsung&#39;s bastardized version of Android packed with half assed imitations of Google apps that nobody asked for, nobody wants and nobody can uninstall.

Love your YouTube videos,  big fan of all your videos.  thank you. After watching this video,  I found the Galaxy fold phone on Amazon. It is still for sale, I thought it was canceled. Can you tell me what&#39;s the story is. I don&#39;t understand. Is it canceled or not, that is my question? Type this in and it&#39;ll pop right up on Amazon. Samsung - Galaxy Fold SM-F900U - Cosmos Black - Unlocked AT&amp;T Model GSM (US Warranty).  Thank you 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍

<b>Nokia Entered THE CHAT</b>

U can see the fold line When its open...

S10+

2k I provably pay $100 for it! Phone companies are ridiculous

Also Samsung... stop trying to make Bixby a thing.

If the &quot;top layer&quot; of your screen is a fucking screen protector... sorry... there&#39;s something wrong with it.

I think Kyocera Echo was more reliable! You should get that one! Lol

Apple is way better sumgsung been having trouble since there 8 or 9 come out that sucks I am staying with Apple I never been having trouble with my Apple phone I love it

$2000 flipping turd, go buy 20 Wal-Mart Samsung galaxy express $100 phone. More phones for your dollars.
The s 10

Fragile phones are not the best choice for me!

can you give it to me sir  ahahhanice vid

You&#39;ve had it for 3 wks and only used it for 3 or 4 days and now it has to go back.  Sad.  You must have already taken your sim card out for whatever you have been using.     I would have used it for 3 wks. if I liked it.   Thank you for sharing your thoughts and info on this product.

Use the iPhone 4s

which smartphone is the best

Where can i buy your hoodie man, looks really good

Royole flexpai

The bixby button has got to go.    Or at least disable it entirely so that even long presses do nothing.  Though the new razr excites me more.

SAMSUNG Galaxy Note 9 with the yellow spen still the best...

Mistake #1 was spending $2000 on a phone

pixel 3a

Use the razer phone 2, I’ve been thinking about switching to that from my iPhone 6s+ but I’m not sure how it would hold up in daily use

Iphone

S7 Edge still on the top, no point to buy newer

Tablet meets smartphone

Nokia3310
One plus 7t or 7t pro
Use the G8 lmao

Samsung at it best
Nokia 9 pureview sorry for bring late

choose the OPPO find x

That’s why apple is better

Where do you get your background music? It&#39;s great with Dolby Atmos and Eizo Rewire Pro.

The major issue is any random person who doesn&#39;t keep their hands to themselves might even try peeling the display.

Galaxy S10 Plus 5G
Panasonic F1
NEC P3lol

IPHONE

What mic does he use can anyone help pls?

The new king is Huawei.. idc about security reasons that they throw about it..

Bought Huawei P20 Pro last year and it is the best thing I got ever. Am Satisfied with every single function it is delivering

The only people who will still get a Galaxy Fold are those who have already ordered the $2,000 device and who tell Samsung specifically that they still want to receive it. “If we do not hear from you and we have not shipped by May 31st, your order will be canceled automatically,” Samsung told all Galaxy Fold pre-order customers by email this week.

Go back to one plus, its the best there is, period.

I&#39;m not ready. Could try a scroll out screen somehow

Honestly, Huawei had a better looking foldable phone than Samsung. The fold seems to go against almost everything Samsung itself has been selling to us like very thin devices, the Fold when it&#39;s folded is very thick, and bezel-less displays, the external display looks awkward nowadays.

Use a Nokia 3310

Beethoven  Moonlight

Stop whining girls, they did something no one else did. You have done quality control for them, they will fix this shit and make a better one :). When they solve these issues, this device is going to the best phone Samsung did since S2.

Just s10 plus

Great video, thanks for taking the time to make it. Galaxy Note 9 is still my favourite.

pls try the huawei mate x!!!!

They have rush the fold phone to quick with to meny mistakes

I&#39;d say an honor phone so maybe honor play or something

S10plus
You should use the real foldabke ohones with a real keyboard

Samsung:(sad face)Apple:yes we can kill Samsung now
Switch to Nokia 3310!!

Well, if Apple will release a foldable Phone they will make sure that it works

Samsung s10
I&#39;m lost for words.

That phone is caca 💩. Haraki

iPhone XS Max

I like it but when it&#39;s folded it&#39;s trash

$2000.00 for a cell phone lol especially when your note 9 still works like a champ minus dumb ass bixby

New Google pixel
Just get a Nextel  walkie-talkie phone , that’s heavy duty !!

iPhone 6

Why do companies always rush these products to market without solving the existing problems first

NOKIA

You should do the Galaxy s10 5g

2024: sold my used samsung phone, bough used bentley instead.

Switch back to note 9

okay but like they&#39;ve just made flip phones again but this time they&#39;re even less functional

Oneplus 7
I remember  having a Palm Treo, and I think the palm generation before the Treo, and people would have the same response. They would ask me why would you want that, it is so big? Everyone wants a smaller phone and you now have a monster. They would proudly pull out their flip phone and tell me I was wasting my money.  And when I bought my first IPad some thought it was cool and others said the screen was too small compared to a laptop and it was too heavy to replace an iPhone.  And to a certain degree, they were right. But they couldn&#39;t envision all the apps that would be created that would almost make the iPad a replacement for a laptop.  I am a go go gadget girl and I will probably purchase the fold when it comes out for consumers.  If consumers buy into it, I think we will see apps create user interfaces that work well on this size platform. And if enough of them do, other third party software companies will create apps that today we can&#39;t  even imagine  that will help define the use and purpose of the Galaxy Fold.  Its always a risk investing in the newest technology. I mean, my parents purchased a Sony Betamax instead of a VCR when I was a kid. 🤦‍♀️

The luxury business phone from last video

Kudos for Samsung for innovating, but at that price &amp; at that level of fragile ness.. I think people will be more than happy with their regular phones. To cough up over $2k on a device that can easily get damaged by a slight bump, nah.

If i get it i will use it. Because i like it very much

Why have a foldable phone? Honestly.We had flip phones ages agoDid we find something better? YesDid we still want the flip phones? NoIt’s only unique because it’s a foldable touchscreen And I don’t believe it will aber be a real hype because if you want something Larger than a phone you get a tablet. You can get a good phone AND tablet for LESS money than that foldable Samsung

iphone xr

Moreover, when you fold a book, wrinkles appear, but it is natural for the screen to wrinkle. This is just a fate that can never be solved.
Rape Samsung. Love Huawei
P30 Pro

The rog gaming phone u unboxed was super cool switch to that one

<b>stop putting you hand on your face and look depressed</b><b><i>THE NEW STYLE IS HERE</i></b><b>Now only put your old picture from your old YouTube or first video!</b>_

Companies that put that much (useless) effort to a box are just a joke, no matter how big they are!  Sumsung is a mediocre company with money and only good for televisions period.

What.What happened

Its s phablet

At the end <b>You could even write iphone</b> 🤣🤣🤣

Choose Pixel 3/Pixel 3 XL

Pixel 3 xl

Flip phone : Am I a joke ?

You can try the Nokia pureview

Oneplus 6t McLaren!!!!
&quot;Fragile&quot; so i feel like a device with such new ingenuity probably now should have had more cushion-time for practical users or critical users. It would of done a lot better in that aspect of it slowly implemented across different markets and not the average consumer market. I would of suggested this to private businesses or organizations who wouldnt produce high demand but you can learn about possible threats to the device and handling over time in a manageable pace.

S10e

No brainier, LG - Exalt VN220. This is the best flip phone on the market right now. :)

this is why im staying with iPhone 🥵💀

What happens if you keep it

Every company makes mistake

Use a BlackBerry Key2 or New Palm

You should put your sim card in the newest Google pixel

&quot;One handed usage,&quot; 😈

You could use an older phone like a nexus 6p or a oneplus 5 even a blackberry classic or bold

THERES TOMATO

OP7 Please...

Is this mean Huawei wins? 😂

Flip Phones: Why is technology going backwards?

Iphone 3G :D

Why hasn’t huawei contacted you yet?!?! Reach out!!! Get those connections! Get your hands on the MUCH cooler version of the galaxy fold. Mate X. No question. Cooler phone. Want to see your hands on.

Kinda off topic but what hoodie is that?

iPhone XS Max 512GB is the way to go

Tracfone

Lew is such a Samsung fanboy

I want won

waiting for HUAWEI mate X

Try mate X

Galaxy s10 5g

You should use vivo v15

Old Nokia

Apple will never make a foldable phone. However Samsung will make a junk broken foldable phone.

where&#39;s the cc man?

Funny how you don&#39;t hate on Samsung but anytime you get a chance to poop on Apple for the smallest thing, you most certainly do.  Your angle is very obvious fanboy.

How about the new razor that&#39;s coming

Huawei p30 pro of course

Anyone hyped for Oneplus 7 ??

When will the Meizu 16s be reviewed?
Lol this is just proof of how dumb some people are. The real reason Samsung is forced to recall their phone is because dumbasses were pulling the screen off, thinking it was a protector. The only thing Samsung is gonna change is a note in the instructions saying &quot;hey dont pull off the screen&quot;Its dumbasses like that why we need warnings for everything -_-

I phone 11

galaxy a80

I think that the Huawei mate x is better than the fold

But TG still sticking with this device.

Try the iPhone 11

Great review man, VERY new sub, but you hit exactly how I felt. Lux phone, it&#39;s awesome that Samsung is pushing the envelope, but working in a paper mill, it&#39;s just not for me🤷‍♂️ That can&#39;t ever me justify me hating on the device! You keep doing you and I hope that ALL companies keep doing them. Bread bakers to phone makers, be passionate people, and I think the good people appreciate you!

Lol this phone is terrible... design wise

Hello fan from moraccoI relly was thinking why you dont try the infinx compeny it has a great mideum phones for relly relly good price i highly recemand to try one of does

Moto Z3, it&#39;s old but I never saw you do a video on it

I&#39;ve had every galaxy phone, and I always have otter boxes on them, ever since they added that dumb ass Bixby button I always cut the Bixby button off flush with a knife so I&#39;m not hitting it constantly instead of volume down. I have never used Bixby.

Switch to the new ifold iPhone 11. It’s coming out or has came out..

Samsung to smart. They know everybody&#39;s going to take it and open it and see what&#39;s inside of it so the first  they did it was the bad one so everybody can copy the bad system.

anything from motorola

You can try Honor 8X that I&#39;m using. If you curious about it.

I swear this man fucking cries in the thumbnails so much I’m surprised he isn’t 20% water

I would keep it, itll be worth big money one day

A wiko

why not mateX

Note 9 please

Try to get your hands on the Motorola Razr as soon as possible

just switch back to huawei p30 pro

go to the minimalistic Light phone

U should choose Mate X

I&#39;m done with Samsung as a company. I&#39;ve been Bixby-ed to death...

You hate every phone...

I love samsung but I think this phone is only for trash the money, if you want one phone like this, Buy a Tablet LOL, or one phone and one tablet

I have ocd and that crease in the middle will bother me to death.

I don’t really think foldable phones will ever become a popular thing. Like what’s the point...

Huawei Mate X
Can you try out a Camon, or something from Tecno? Technically, Tecno is Chinese, but you see a lot of Camons in Africa. It would be interesting to see a First-World perspective of a Third-World phone.

It was a good try though

<a href="">0:00</a> to <a href="">0:14</a> good Chandler impression .

This is why apple never does stuff first.Except for iPhone. That was first.

OPPO RENO 😼😼😼
The p30 pro would love to see how you feel about it

People! The Huawei Mate X is way better than this, my god.....

Iphone 4s

I think apple pays you to attack thier rival&#39;s product .. which isn&#39;t fear at all  👍

You don&#39;t went Samsung fold ok give me 😁😁😁
Rooted note 4.... you know how they review classic cars, and they also review a classic car that has been updated (new engine, ABS system, etc).  You should do upgraded, non OEM classic phone reviews.... 》》》THE SEARCH FOR THE HOLY GRAIL《《《 A classic phone that raises to the level of new phones... I thought it may be interesting... just a thought

Samsung should pay us $2000 to put up with Bixby

Try to used a mid range phone...

Switch to iPhone 3G

Not like they dont have 30,000,000 just like that one

No a surprise, SUB TO me if you read this :-)

iphone 6 has been folding for years now.  Samsung is gonna get sued.

Rip for galaxy fold? Yet. They should make it better. PS the fold is epic don&#39;t lose this

Ximo Pierto i see you fam. Real baskball goat.
Came for the goodbye,Stayed for the Moonlight Sonata.

just go back to the note 9, best allrounder and it has a pen

Do you do give aways? Lol

Royole flexpai

Im sorry, Huawei Mate X Fold? Test it. And then, bend the fucking Samshit

I saw geometry dash

2 Grand? It&#39;s just a phone right?

Still the same horrible, irritating, ugliest voice. This guy should just move his lips and have someone with a soothing voice talk for him. His voice is piercing. God!

ZTE AXOM M

Nokia 3.1 plus!!!
I hope Samsung fixes the issues that this phone has. In addition, I also hope that they create a stylus for it that&#39;s just as good as the Apple Pencil. I feel that this phone has the potential to be amazing if it gets its own well-made stylus. Without a stylus, its just a convertible smartphone, which isn&#39;t really that useful. However, if it had a good stylus like the Apple Pencil, it would provide the benefits of both a phone and a tablet, which would make it much more valuable. I wouldn&#39;t care much about a foldable smartphone to pay such a high price tag, but I can justify it if the phone has a good stylus, because this would make the phone much more useful. I think Samsung should really consider making a good stylus a standard part of this new foldable smartphone technology.

Is it practical to use an apple iPad mini as your daily driver phone????

now you need huawei mate X next

Nice to handle,👍Nice to hold,🤩If you fold it, 📚 Consider it sold 😱This is failed project by Samsung.Even if it succeeds, at $2,000 most people would prefer say a Note 🔟 and $1,000 Smart OLED TV 📺

I wish you would speak a little more softly! :) Nice video

Folding phones were called Flip phones back in my day. Cars don’t even come with a spare wheel anymore, not even a donut. Only a Fix-a-flat. So you see folks, sometimes old stuff is good in a way but you’ve got to know how best to implement it. 🤷🏻‍♂️

Galaxy s3😂

just keep the phone bro

Nokia 3310
One plus 7 pro after may 14 seems to be good idea, try it...

Thickness is a major drawback in this phone. And u missed it : o

Noooo please dont

Huawei Mate 20 X
this man is crazy, he gets a lot of money from apple to make samsung negative in his videos ..

Its garbish and another PR diaster! If happened to Apple you and others wouldnt be so kind

<b>STOP BUYING EXPENSIVE PHONES!</b><b>New phones don’t cost more to build than their last ones! They will continue to go up in price until they see people starting to push back!</b>

But you can buy a tablet and take it with you, and it will cost you less, having all the features + no squeezed middle line. To me this product has no value as it is now. I can only review it for money, not spend my own. Only thing this device serves now is to test if 2k $ telephone has some market share.

<b>I hope to God these phones are shelved and never coming back...</b><b>The last thing I want to see are tons of people holding up phones the size of tablets to take photos at concerts...</b> <b>People will start smacking them out of people’s hands.</b>

Get Huawei Foldable phone that one is more reliable

But samsung is better than Apple.. 😂

a crap Phone from a crap Company and shitty silly dev&#39;s.

Xperia 1 if you like ..
People are idiots. There is a protective film over the screen you remove when you take the device out of the box. The other protective layer that’s on the screen after you do that is obviously a part of the design and not meant to be removed. God ffs.

Ok

Considering the price tag, it&#39;s definitely a luxury device and not kinda.

I propose you switch to the other end of the smartphone spectrum, the SONIM XP8.

NOKIA 6620. You better do it It is the opposite of the samsung fold and far superior in allways

3x more Galaxy fold  were gave in Europe and there Was no problem in Europe

Try the Samsung Galaxy S10E and compare it to the S10 :)

Why so soft for Samsung while u bid adieu....

This was a test run for samsung.

@unbox therapy LG G8

RIP. How can they release it with problems. It was good that it was not rleased globally or the greenery would have just flowed out from our pockets.

Oh yeah, such a fresh form factor. I didn&#39;t know 4:3 was a thing again?

On plus 7 pro
P30 pro

Samsung galaxy fail ....
Perhaps the Xiaomi  M9? greeting from NL.

You advertised the crap out of this man on your first video. Get the products and use them before speaking for them man. Be honest.

Note 10

Atleast they took responsibility

Switch to OnePlus 6T

i think that ZTE Axon M had a better design really.

New phone - Nokia

Motorola ara
Nokia 3310! 😏😀😀😜
Pixel 2 xl.

Get the phone that the screen is the speaker

That phone is garbage.

This is only Samsung&#39;s second flop though so....

I’m an iPhone user but bring the S pen to this and widen the folded version of this and I’m on board. I say S pen because anytime I ever did switch to Android it was always a Samsung Note

Ive broken every phone I&#39;ve had even this one im on has a   sapphire screen make a decent phone that just won&#39;t break thats all i want small screen like the iPhone 4and fucking indestructible

I like Samsung, but I was worried about this device being a disaster. They can&#39;t really afford another oopsie after their exploding phones. Hopefully they get it right. It&#39;s good they&#39;re listening and reconsidering some design issues.

Go with a payphone with a bifold door. :-P

Xperia 1 next :)

Foldable phones should be to put the sizes by half, not by the double..

Samsumg s10

it&#39;s great and all but like somebody  Down below said  that we having the folded phone back it&#39;s only 10% cent of new things that is remade for the younger generation that&#39;s all

couldn&#39;t they just have two displays side by side when unfolded and not have one continuous panel? no discredit to the manufacturers making the folding phones like the Galaxy Fold and others, but honestly, if it is going to be like this (Foldables) then it wold make sense to have two displays with extremely thin bezels at the current state of technology vs one massive panel that folds over itself.

The Huawei Mate X

OnePlus 7pro?
I haven&#39;t seen your videos in a while, YOU LOOK GREAT MAN!!! Awesome work !

Samsung has really gone downhill. My S5 is still alive, but my S7 Edge bit the dust with one small drop. I now have an LG G6 plus that has survived numerous worse drops and works flawlessly.  Also, my Galaxy tab&#39;s motherboard fried in about six months. Samsung is not what it used to be. I will stay away.

switch to S10

use 3310

man that is an ugly phone. when you have it closed you carry a bulky double phone item in your pocket. The Fold looks like two S10&#39;s welded together, very shoddy.

I just need a good phone, not THIS.

It’s a piece of shit.

Samsung copies nokia&#39;s ideathe nokia communicator phone!ever watch die hard 2.0?
* Samsung recalls all galaxy folds *<b>Moto Razor makes a comeback</b>

WP... earned every penny from samsung

Waiting for the infinix note 5 stylus review ...thank you :)

Ugly samsung fold
FxTec Pro 1 keyboard phone. 📱
&quot;Unbox&quot; Therapy is putting a phone back in the box?Change your channel&#39;s name :))))))))

Switch to Samsung A80

Nokia 3310
Please review galaxy tab s5e..

I would love to try out a couple games on the big screen. One of the downfalls imo is the side screen, which looks incredibly small. Hope they make it bigger.

i will be surprised if we see the galaxy fold come to market. as a premium product and price tag it will have to not just be cool but premium build and quality as well. i don&#39;t see how that can be achieved with the current setup and materials involved. with the continued use of opening and folding of the screen. it will inevitably wear and deteriorate. maybe a fold-able phone could work but not a fold-able screen.

At the beginning it was like a friendly studio
Xperia 1

You can see the fold line ??? Nope that&#39;s a deal killer . Hell no for 2k . Fuck that . If I pay 2k I want to see no fold line .

I wouldn&#39;t pay half of what they&#39;re asking for

please change that ugly inappropriate carpet, it ruins all the good well matched stuff

stupid talk
Review Huawei X mate.
Iphone charging issue &#39;DO NOT BUY THIS&#39;Samsung screen breaks when folding &#39;the cameras really nice though&#39;

6000 koreans disliked this video

Use LG G8

You Should Go back To the HTC G1 Throw Back Tech TUESDAY

Try Huawei Mate X. It&#39;s another foldable afterall. And then compare them.

The more of your videos I watch the more I enjoy them, you’re quirky and it’s fun. 👍🏻

Note 10 😛
Use the Poco Phone F1

Switch to Sigmatel. 3 SIM phone

I think your next one is whatever someone gives you for nothing

Goodbye unbox therapy.

R.I.P SAMSUNG GALAXY FOLD

Bixby did it

Motorola g6 Play Just check it out

PHABLET! heard it here first folks...

I think it will take more than a small tweak. This could take many months to fix.

Nokia 3310
I want one so bad ;-;

Razer Phone
Try the Huawei fold

Does no one else find him hella annoying and very biased?

P30 pro is a great option

Garbage fold LOL

if you buy the folding phones... you waste your money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!if you want to have a folding phone, you have to wait more than three years!!because it took three to four years for Samsung AMOLED to become usable.

R.I.P.

The smallest iPhone in the world

use the s10 now

2K for a phone that will be obsolete in a years time. What a waste of money

Sony Slide!!!
When Apple makes one though...

IT&#39;S PIECE OF SHIT PHONE THAT&#39;S NOT EVEN WORTH $2,000.  NO PHONE IS EVER WORTH $2,000.

Change to the razer phone 2

Your outfit looks ridiculous, what are you 16?

2009-2019      fold phone to fold phone

iPhones be like first there is the flip phone and everyone’s like it’s so old and then there is the standard iPhone or Samsung phone and everyone’s like it’s okay and then Samsung realizes they just recreated the past

iPhone 1

It reminds one of GMs original electric car. How they only leased out a small amount of EV1&#39;s and then after a while they demanded their cars be returned. Then they were destroyed. Definitely interesting to see.

i feel sad

MOTO Z3 Play

Switch to the xperia 1. Sony is still the best.  They just suck at advertising

xperia 1

I preoothe s105g

DO NOT MAKE THE FOLD ANGRYIT MIGHY BLOW UP IN FACE!!!

One Plus 7
I love that he put in his background moonlight sonata by Beethoven

P30 Pro , S10 X
I love the idea, but huawei did it better

Lew&#39;s sim card every two weeks: Ah shit, here we go again

At least the flip phones of the early 2000s and late nineties didn’t have screen issues and were straight forward. the Fold is a cool concept but I wouldn’t waste 2000 dollars on it.

S8+. It don&#39;t get better than that.

switch to p30 Pro

Can we see some Xiaomi love? ~

Can’t use a phone case with this either.

Let&#39;s go use Google pixel
infinix

Another Samsung flop oops fold......

Is he wearing makeup?

HTC Shift

Moonlight sonata is CLUTCH.

was the flip phone worth it? people want to talk shit about apple for literally anything. But they typically don&#39;t ship such INFERIOR build technology. Mate X is going to break too. I can&#39;t believe how hard people are trying to fan boy over this &#39;it&#39;s fresh new tech&#39; until it breaks.Samsung proved they are not ready to ship a device like this.

Try it man. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro.

NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro.

NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro. NoMu S50 Pro.

In my country this shit costs my 3 full month paychecks and i have a middle range income..

MOTO RZR FOLD !!!!

I&#39;m still in love with my ZTE AXON M Z9999

What don&#39;t go please this video is hate

Your a business guy, go with the Samsung note9.

Well stick your sim into a Nokia communicator. “The first folding phone” 😒

I miss the galaxy active phones 😭

It&#39;s just a screen problem it would be fixed soon

they know this will gonna happen.....

MI9 Transparent

Try an iPhone XS clone from China for a week. I wanna see how usable they are

I stopped buying Samsung shit since I discovered Xiaomi, half the price for slight better performances.

WOW This is not the future!!!Honestly the screen is too big for a phone and too small for a tabletIf you want a &quot;bigger&quot; screen,u should go for a tablet but no a so called &quot;phone&quot;but if you want a phone ,it is definitely not a best option

14 m sub. Hold
🤢 ah iPhone 📵 children OS, Android it&#39;s following him and so poor, 👀 and Windows OS is doing 20% some apps like them😭, i hope SONY get out of the box and make a software for phones📱. 😢

what i want to see is an iphone 5c with iphone x hardware. mm yea small screen, small form factor, fast hardware. f*** all these big phones, reaching all over these massive screens strains my tendons. i need a smaller phone that has fast technology. my eyes are good, i dont need a 32&quot;tv to read. i want SMALLER SMARTPHONES.

It&#39;s time for Huawei Mate X
What a terrible idea in my opinion.

Ｇａｌａｘｙ　ｆａｉｌ
Switch back to iphone!

That looks and sounds like it&#39;s an utter peice of fucking shit.

Samsung phones are hot trash.

What is the punch camera

Really objective view on the device, thanks for good review

Nokia 3310...😂
Just say.. Its rubbish.. A breakbot.. 😂.. Not fit for purpose...

Shows an Attenbourgh  climate change video.. 😂 😂 😂 😂..

P30 pro

P30 pro

Its okey samsung u can fix it

I buy stuff after you review it. You’ve been so helpful with all the information. Thanks

Samsung Galaxy S10e
You should sometimes switch to a budget device

OPPO find x

samsung = garbage
cant really focus on what you&#39;re saying because of that moonlight sonata

I have S9+ &amp; it&#39;s amazing!Please Unbox the S10+ &amp; use it for at least 2 weeks. Thanks.

Wow 😯 . This dude is actually saying something bad about a Samsung device??! The end is near..

Iphone xsmax please 💞💞

I&#39;m still in love with the idea of this phone, just really hope they can find solutions to all of these flaws, and they seriously have to adress the price point, $2k is just rediculously unreasonable...I&#39;m a galaxy fan, but they have most definitely have to do better...I&#39;m sure plenty of your loyal supporters would be more than happy to say they own this, but Samsung, please fix this mess you made...From a true fan, I know you can do better than this!

Its a folding phone thats probaly never been done before so obviously theres problems

Nokia 2600
Bro try some midrange phone...try the mi 9...

Cant wait for these to be 500$

s10 plus
Samsung A80
I need help which one you guys think is the best. Huawei P30 lite or Samsung A50?

Do a new Sony phone. Never get to hear what&#39;s so great about them

they have given it to reviewers just to see if the phone will pass the test, but its cool phone, lets see what samsung will do.

Try a mobile in sony

what is so fresh about it? its that same o same o.

Huawei mate x is more interesting than tha

I LOVE Huawei phones. The recent unpleasantness between the US and China has limited my options. I believe an Honor 8x Max will work in the states and for sub $300, it has good specs including a 7.1&quot; display and a massive battery. Thoughts?

Best new features are: compatibility, headphone jack and real battery life!

One plus 7
Switch to the A80

Hi-Bye. I think it will come back, 10years from now. It was not ready for the public, let’s be clear that.

Every time I see Samsung foldable phone...I want to put a piece of prosciutto and provolone cheese in the middle, grill it and eat it. That’s all I got.

it fold forwardit fold backbut most importantlythey cant make a case for that

First Folding Phone~~

Lol

Dang I’m legit just learning about this its real cool tho I’d get one whenit comes out if I had money lol

BACKPEDDALING AFTER PEDDALING...Hmmmm

A phone is a phone in the end...I have an Apple iPhone XR and it’s great. Samsung and apple are basically always going to have this stupid competition it’s just personal preference lol.

Xiaomi foldable
Mate 20 pro or Galaxy s10+

Nokia 8310
All phones have problems in the beginning. Remember when the iPhone 6 came out and it would legit overheat and explode or it would bend so easily same as the iPhone 8. Also The iPhone x is having problem with its charging.

The Samsung note 10 in 2020

Apple must be so happy

There&#39;s litterally no reason to half a phone that folds 😂 wtf. Especially with the price. It ain&#39;t a fucking laptop.

At least your honest

You should use the Razer 2

G zone rock
go back to the flip phone, the og foldable phone

The food is a all glass version of a DS.Change my mind.

How about reviewing a phone that is the fastest operator for normal everyday use.  Google search, maps, and general productive work?  Cameras, animations, funny colors and other crap do not matter.  Just my opinion.

U 12 +

I&#39;m definitely not ready for a phone like this. For one thing, I am clumsy. I rely on using a case that cushions my phone when I drop it. I&#39;ve never smashed a phone, or cracked a screen, but that&#39;s because I choose cases that protect my phone from impact when I drop it. Something so fragile and difficult to protect would not suit me at all.

Samsung Origami Phone. America Folds . It is not a bluff...All in.

Who else noticed Moonlight Sonata in the background at the first part?

iPhone XR just a good cheap-er mainstream phone

I love my galaxy!! S4.... but hey it keeps me happy

go to a Samsung s 10 plus

i like how everyone is crying about that crap.  I mean, WHY TF WOULD YOU BUY A PHONE LIKE THIS? There is not one extra feature, and you could have known before that it will break...

Waiting for the galaxy fold version 12.

is it any good to play games on it, when you use big screen to play games? if not why word you pay $2000 for a phone you can&#39;t  use big screen to play games on it. i use $2000 to buy a gaming laptop then.

I REALLY like the way it looks.  I cant wait for this to catch on.  cant wait for a foldable iPhone.

The Sony Experia Play is what your next phone should be

We never needed it, I never wanted it, Samsung can keep it.

MateX.....

Can you remove the screen protector ???????,😂😂😂😂Don&#39;t remove that extra layer because taht is what makes it foldable . Also dont put a screen protector or anything else because it will damage your screenAlso the foldable is note 7&#39;s son......

If this device was Appel.. Would you speak gently about it!!!!!!!!

They’re gonna tise again!!!

This is why I always wait Haha but wait you only giving it a negative review because they asking for phone back what a loser period fake review

did you check the Lenovo Z6 pro? told to be flagship killer. Please make a review on that.

Switch to upcoming one plus 7

No, the hottest phone is the Sony Xperia 1. Everyone that has a YouTube channel should have a serious look on the Sony Xperia 1 (XZ4) due to the great video editing possibilities and the super great camera!

At least You&#39;re allowed to get on a united/delta flight with the Galaxy Fold. And that&#39;s not something very naturally with Samsung devices

Great 👍
Huawei mate X please...

I’ve been lucky to use both the Mate X and Galaxy Fold. I felt that Galaxy Fold was more fantastic. Infolding is easier to carry and more stable. In particular, Samsung fold user interface was amazing; despite the controversy over durability.

How about iphone SE :)

Xiaomi Redmi Note 6 Pro. I don&#39;t necessarily care if it is this one in particular, I just want to see you use an ultra low budget phone ($200 range). It would be an interesting experiment going from something so expensive to something very much the opposite. I want to know if there is a legit reason we spend so much on these little pocket rectangles. The Redmi Note 6 Pro is available on amazon if you are interested.

LG V20

iPhone X

i sill luv samsung

Flip Phones are coming back. Also, $2000 worth of Disappointment 🤦‍♂️
It’s too much of a novelty right now. There’s no way to mass produce this and have it grip the market like the phones that are already out. It doesn’t make sense to me.

Mi 9Mi 9 Please

iphone xs max

Appreciate the notebook piano song as the background music

samsung is the BEST SMARTPHONE so far..Apple is mother fucking hell yeah!!..bye2 to Apple Idiot.

Samsung A80
galaxy a50

I kinda knew that there would be a problem with this phone.

In all honesty i would rather have a practical phone over a first gen luxury phone with moving parts. One day i want to get a folding phone but now is not the time.

How can a company like Samsung not foresee this catastrophe as a possibility and act accordingly before the release?

I have an off topic of the video question. How does he have split on his Netflix??

This phone is so lameeee lol idk why people even like it specially for 2gs? People that bought this are trippinnn

If only the next innovation was battery life. God i&#39;d like to have a phone that i shouldn&#39;t have to charge constantly, and i do not even use my phone that much.

huawei p30 pro
It could be very interesting if you switched to the Nokia 1100 😎

Should never have been released if it&#39;s not been perfected. PR disaster.

It would be cool if you could press a button and it could open up

Galaxy fold is trash... huawei&#39;s phone is much better the folding there is much smarter and its look much better than the fold

Thank you for your honesty.

Use galaxy 10
Oh please.... as much as I appreciate your reviews... if Apple had done this and failed so catastrophically, would you honestly be so placating and obsequious ? Isn’t this EXACTLY the fucking reason why a company would be conservative in  its’ releases ... or does that not factor in?

I think the real horror their is when you reach the warranty period and the phone is showing some  unusual hardware failure like dying motherboard I guess you know what I mean 😆

Why not P30 Pro?

I love how he has the most OG games on his phone. Geometry dash and BTD 5

Motorola

you are the keemstar of tech bro

Drop it on the ground

Matex Huawei

To me, the display on the front is kinda dumb. I&#39;d even prefer something smaller even to just show the time/notifications instead of having a terrible experience using a screen / never using its potential (Waste of battery)

That phone is a wast of money.

Switch to the huawei p30 pro!!!!!!!!

how much would the fold cost if apple made it

Samsung Galaxy Note 10
It&#39;s just ugly..

S9+

I dont think that we need to fold a phone..

The most hard device to find a phone case

didn&#39;t they test it? lol

Fucking Handys,.... They make you stupid

You should switch to a Galaxy J1 or a Motorola moto E

I’m waiting for this guy to come to the realization that he will never find happiness in a device.

but i dont remember that we had said hi !

Anyone love s9+ 📱
Try 2 cups and a string.

Just because the American reviewers. Only American reviewers got problems with Fold...From the beginning of the announcement, I was excited about the Fold and I&#39;m still exciting.We have to criticize if we want to make progress in technology but people don&#39;t need to be extremely hard in critics with a new technology like &quot;we are not your beta tester..!&quot; (Not u) The first product from a new tech will always let us feel as a beta tester because this is the first gen and all 1st gen from a new technology have problems... ✌️✌️✌️

I would keep it and say it was stolen...

Flex phone will be pain in the ass forevah!

Samsung when screen goes out  - &quot;There&#39;s something wrong with our phone, we need you to send them back to be fixed.&quot;Apple when phone blows up - &quot;That&#39;s your problem, you must have been holding it wrong.&quot;

samsung is just crap since the battery exploded. don&#39;t even want one gifted. would insta sell it. gimme lg, huawei or sony

F this piece of shit.. should 900 bucks...

Unfold Therapy

Huawei mate X
whoever asked for a foldable smartphone?

Try mi mix 3

iPhone 8 Plus 🤪
huawei mate x
Dealer - raise or fold ?Samsung- folds

This is dumb why would you not just have a tablet and a phone ?

I phone 4

Game over

I called this spot on.

if you spend 2k on a phone you need your head looked at

My flip phone is better than that

I want it. I didn&#39;t give a rat&#39;s ass about phones the last 7 years or so, but this is taking it to the next level.

Google pixel 3
This product values ​​appearance more than quality, even packaging compared to the product
At least it didn’t explode.It’s a kind of progress.

nokia 3310
The razor lol

The technology is a failure

iPhone X??? I enjoy it a lot

Nokia from the early 2000s

Switch to Nokia 2100

People can say what they want, but I&#39;m glad samsung is always pushing the boundaries and trying to push the envelope too. Yeah this one may not be completely reliable right now, but we don&#39;t see apple doing shit like this. To each their own, but, I&#39;m excited to see what else samsung does. Can&#39;t wait to see their improvements. Can&#39;t wait to see next gen. Or even 2 gens  from now.

If Samsung microwave lasts for a few months, what do you expect from a phone?

I’m happy that they didn’t start selling it

Stupidest phone I&#39;ve ever seen

How much is the galaxy fold?

&quot;The hottest thing to happen to tech in a very long time&quot;



God that&#39;s sad.. some dude super excited about a 1st gen folding brick with creases. We&#39;re being fed drips, the technology behind this monstrosity is decades old.

Bend test that shit then send it back

Sorry I’m sticking with my XR

Does the backtrack not sound like VIXX’s Fantasy in the beginning

what about the bphon

Nokia 3310
Mate, this phone is just a glorified tablet, meets old flip LG phone

You should switch to One+ 6T Mcleran Edition

Samsung realized people are stupid user&#39;s..so they have to redesign it to be idiot proof..thanks testers for the stupidity amongst us...

Thor died to Batman

Cool. Apple would have just deemed it as a user error, and given everyone the middle finger.

iPhone XS

I use hardline phone instead of folding phone 🤪

cant blame any manufacturer for putting out anything thats 1st gen that failed. the fact that it didnt start selling it to consumer and then made a massive recall is good.  1st gen tech is always met with a high percentage of not meeting standards or fail, but thats how tech gets to develop to be better. so good on yah samsung. cant wait for the future.

First folding phoneNokia:Am i a joke to u

I&#39;m sorry but that small ass screen when you close it is shit and pointless...

Easy come, easy go huh?

Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr I&#39;m haven&#39;t you do not note 7 exploded and not Galaxy fold screen problem, that&#39;s it I Can Barney error again!!!

I want a phone that goes from a wrist watch to a phone to a tablet

Am i the only one who thinks it looks like a remote when folded close

Huawei Mate X!!
This design was bound to fail in the first day

Doggee S series

The fyre festival of phones

Nokia 3310.
im buy foldable phone from north korea - samseng

Hawaii pro
I&#39;m still rockin my s5 active. Never had such a durable phone. Samsung realized this when they released later phones. No removable battery or back plate.

At least they really care their customers and doesn&#39;t rush

People who bought this didn&#39;t know that they were stupid

The Koreans are not as smart as the Japanese or the Chinese!

Sucked in Samsung! I&#39;m a note 9 user but fuck em and their fucked up ego thinking they can do that without issues. Koreans are no where near as intelligent as the Japanese or the Chinese!!!!

Huawei mate X
Sony xperia 1
Looking for a new phone. Switching from iPhone 6. Is the Galaxy A70 really the best choice under 400€/$?

Like the ad that comes first
Every single other smartphone has those temporary removable plastic screen protector things... So its extremely stupid of Samsung to put those plastic screen protectors on their phone, that if removed, will break the phone, because lets be completely honest... instinctively, people are going to want to remove that plastic off their brand new phone, like they would do to every other phone. There were so much reviews of the $2000 phone, where majority of the reviewers instinctively removed the plastic screen thing, and the phone broke or glitched out. So, it WILL happen to people that end up buying the phone and havent watched any reviews on it.

<a href="">2:01</a> ...&quot;I&#39;m the realest &quot;

iPhone X

The never ending race of this profit oriented world. Take this as a warning!  The insanity of this “war” for the first place will have the consequences. And such big mistakes :)) i’m sorry but this is a big waste of time, energy on useless shit that does not heal this dying world.

I like that ur doing that at 50 min past midnight

The irony is calling anything a &#39;phone&#39; these days. Nobody ever makes calls on them.

Why not try the Mate X. Huawei&#39;s folding phone. Just for comparison. Infold vs Outfold. Would be very interesting....

Galaxy 10 should be the phone of choice... or if you want something unique, Ubuntu phone

I suggest the new LG G8 I works life your perspective on it since I have the LG G7.

The solution is to paint it with gold and put some diamonds on it

To merit it&#39;s price

Xiaomi Redmi note 7

Lol

Now it becomesIt Unfolds

I&#39;ve been lucky to use both the Mate X and Galaxy Fold. I felt that Galaxy Fold was more fantastic.

Infolding is easier to carry and more stable. In particular, Samsung fold user interface was amazing.

in spite of the controversy over durability.

A foldable phone... come on, who the hell needs that. Haha. They can’t think of something, so lets fold it. Pffffff

Rar

Could you try to get and review the Pioneer Club 7 speaker? And maybe even compare it to the Soundboks 2?

Samsung: “*First folding phone*”Motorola: <b>Am I a joke to you?</b>

RIP Samsung 😂😂Apple rocks !
Nokia 3310..
I actually predicted this

I hear that 👀 moonlight sonata

aye who out here rockin&#39; the galaxy a7 2018?

...or you could just save your money and bring an iPhone and an iPad wherever you go or just an iPhone or just an iPad.

2k$?i could buy a 4k 65 inch hdr smart tv for this and a xbox one x.

Switch to iPhone 3G

Don&#39;t listen to him I have the phone and it&#39;s brilliant this guy has no idea what he&#39;s talking about

Where&#39;s the p30 pro review?

So many haters though..as if all were going to buy in the first place..half the commenters here can&#39;t even buy a good flagship from apple,samsung,google etc..and they are dissing the fold..let the tech mature..who says just go buy and not as if they started shipping and then you noticed the flaws..like the battery debacle of the note..these same arguments were made when galaxy note was launched..now look where the industry went..

It&#39;s a piece of shit... luxury what&#39;s luxury about plastic 🤔 &amp; yess am a galaxy s10... always had sammies.

Use nokia 3310
Apple, now is your time to shine.

If someone drops it it’s toast!

Nokia 9
ok you have a big crush on galaxy fold, but its a diff story if you actualy buy itthen it breaks,then the crowd you tried to please doesnt realy care.

My thoughts:  For about the same price you could get the best iPhone and iPad or the best Samsung phone and tablet.. Each is much better quality from what I’ve seen.. I just don’t see the point yet it seems like a novelty and not really practical..

Why the fuck would you even buy this 2k phone far more isefull stuff out there

probably a full size phone with a screen that bends around the back which can pop out, like the slap on wrist bands would be more ideal.

Folding phones are just a gimmick who needs one?

Samsung Galaxy S6 Iron Man Edition
That was embarrassing for SAMSUNG.I Phone : <b>Back to the Chat</b>

<i>apple laughing in the background</i>

I would like you to review the Pocophone F1 again but this time running lineage 16.0.

Switch to Hawaii p30 pro

NOKIA ...

What happens if you DONT send it back???

Goodbye Fold!

This phone and every other phone 1k or above are garbage

AHHAHAHAHAHAH

Switch to poco f1 again

Put your sim into a Razer Phone
It’s a folbet?

Give them some time.....and i m not liking ur recent videos.....every one predicts what will be ur next video&#39;s thumbnail......less unboxing and much much talking......hate this

Galaxy RoLL uP..

R.I.P. Galaxy Fold &lt;3

My two note 9s are far better haha

Your thumbnails are hurting me now

S10e

This guy doesn’t deserve the amount of subscribers he has

your new phone should be an ericsson.

If this worked, this would be awesome

This is the future. Samsung won.

Like the korea girl face this phone made of plastic

another one of Samsungs fuck ups

Pixel 3

Nokia thinks they made the best fold phone....Samsung: <b>HOLD MY BEER</b>

looks like 2000$ mice trap.

Yes it might be fresh but it’s just not all there yet...

Samsung: we are the first folding phoneApple: ya it&#39;s rewind time

Apple bitch

The very first thing I thought when seeing this design for the first time is &quot;The crease is going to go bad over time&quot;Literally exactly what happened, but even sooner than I thought

Samsung  s 10 5 g  switch to samsung s10 5 g   screen breaking  foldable samsung f  foldable that is not worth 2000 thousand  doller s   that breaking is only worth one  thousand  doller s

Samsung fanboy
Dude, it&#39;s called don&#39;t drop your phone that costs two thousand dollars. I&#39;ve had androids for so long and have had my clumsy moments but I have never broken one. An iphone on the other hand.....yah don&#39;t drop that ish

Why put too much efforts on foldable and not make a good simple reliable phone.

Galaxy fold is a really great smartphone it should not get wasted

With a price tag like that this phone better be plated in gold or give head or something.

Huawei will do it right

iPhone 3g

The Oneplus+7 should be evaluated.

Just like every new idea its gonna struggle in the 1st generation n come back stronger.

What was his final review on the p30 pro?

Good phone

The new OnePLus 7 that&#39;s coming out soon

Me: <b>just buys it an gets it set up</b> Sweet!!!Me: <b>folds it the wrong way snapping it in half</b>Fuck .-.

Nokia 3315
Trash 100% 😒
The WORST phone in the world: Will it Explode ? : I Love Apple

Moto Z

$2000 phone&quot;it&#39;s kind of a luxury device&quot;kind of

2000$ phone1$ case

Give it to me

Moonlight sonata😍
Galaxy s10 duh
No wonder..
That’s why Apple will always be king

Shocker 😱😱
Try the note 10 when it gets released.

Im waiting for their 2fold release.. Thats much wider.. Lol

the huawei max 1

I dont know why all this problems werent caugth when they disbthe trials and their testing pf the equipment before launching to the market. 🤔 weird!!
