No one can hate them

I love when he said this award is dedicated to Irfan sir and his voice got so emotional. Such a genuine person

It&#39;s good that ott awards are genuine

This should be the actual filmfare ️

Haryanvi
Dedicated to Irrfan Khan- well that sums up everything 
Well deserved
Why this discrimination with them why not the keep award like bollywood mafia 

The best thing When your wife is taking your pictures

Ak 47....rocks

4 months since this video released on u tube and appx 45k views... m sure agar ye main stream movies ki award show hoti jisme nanga nach hota he and zhandu actors ko award milta he that would have got several million views by now... humare desh ke logon ki choice hi ghatiya he...

Poora batch hi talented hai

At last we see talent on stage,Now commercial movies are not so popular. OTT is the new big screen and we have awesome talent in OTT.Few big screen actors have also redefined cinema like Rajkumar Rao, Ayaushman khurana and many more.

Asur has been amazing bad decision

Very happy. OTT Platforms are the best places to recognize some of the best talent of cinema

Times are changing.Hardworkers strugglers and ordinary people getting their dues because of this OTT platform.The only positive thing in this lockdown.

Perhaps the only award which is genuine

Thank god he didn&#39;t said ..benchod in the stage..

Jaideep Ahlawat,  Manoj Bajpayee,  Nawazuddin, Rajkumar Rao, Rahul Bose, ...the list goes on and the room is filled with pure talent.Missing Irrfan Khan, Sushant Singh Rajput...Now this is what you call a true awards function!

Best Director Award deserve karte hai Oni Sen for Asur...Mind-blowing writing and direction tha..but wahi hai Ye awards hamesha unfair hi rahenge...No doubt pataal lok bahot achi thi.. but Asur mere liye pataal lok se kahi aage hain..Asur was the best series of 2020

He&#39;s a very good actor no doubt.. But Asur was more deserving than patal lok.. Filmfare just given all awards only to amzon and Netflix series/ movies..

Jaideep Ahlawat says I dedicate this to Irfan Sir  and tears came to his eyes . I think the whole bollywood is smaller infront of these talents

Married men has thank their wives 

Really best performance in patal lok

Everyone is cheering for each other no jealousy or fake emotions 

Best award... Genuine award show... Well deserving.. Atleast filmfare have understood n recognised the contribution of such talented actors who have kept the film industry going on...

I love you Jaideep sir, my heart desires to meet you once, when you came in Commando 1st part, since then I have thought of you in every beautiful role, I also feel that you must do a passionate romantic role and you are a lot more. to do, (thanks that you remembered my dear Irrfan sir' I will always remember that one soul never stopped loving another soul) love you Irrfan sir, you are still here to see the temple- I am not busy in my heart
Irfan sir miss u sir
Awesome 

Only award I want see again and again

He dedicated to Irrfan sir....️️️️
Anushka sharma she gives chances to the real talent 

True gems , these actors deserve the most recognition.  A room full of talented and hardworking actors . 

He also acted in kamal sir&#39;s vishwaroopam movie️

Family man was way bttr than patal lok

Anurag Kashyap effect.... Work in OTT.
Truly deserve..... He is very very tallented actor......

I liked his character very much in patallok <a href="">#hathiram</a>

Salute bahi jai deep sir
He and abhishek both deserve national award.

He and abhishek both deserve national award.

This guy is genius

Very deserving person

Yo.... Jaideep Sir  .. absolutely wonderful in the series PataalLok

Forget Hathoda Tyagi dear friend 
<a href="">2:00</a> best moment
why diff award for OTT...he deserves best actor irrespective...

Boari gen
Paatalok is my favourite

U deserve it jaideep

You deserve it hathiram

Chalo at least OTT awards to genuine hain

Isse bjout jiyasa desire kerta hai yeh actor grt grt actor
Wasn&#39;t Mr. Nags retained by RCB ? Why is he anchoring here

Very good Actor..

First comment
