Cuteness = 90s aamirEven today&#39;s actors with all these evolved make up, cosmetics ,diet routines, new age styling n costumes couldn&#39;t match this cuteness.

1990-1994 this is not a very good period of his career he only had moderate success with films only blockbuster he gave during this time is DIL (1990).

Handsome gentleman.

Does red color attract bulls?
Aamir was linked with Madhuri Dixit and Pooja Bhat. It&#39;s true.

What year is this

My style is my own, but I can't forget it
Back then, these guys were more honest in these interviews but now they are full of diplomatic filth. See his answer about awards and you will know what I am talking about.

Super star ector aamir Khan sir 
He is looking so handsome ️

I&#39;m his biggest fan since childhood

Who else is waiting for Andaz apna apna part 2 with Aamir &amp; Salman ?

He is right about awards.  He was the first to figure it out in 1995 when he got robbed for Rangeela for best actor.  Award shows have gone down the drain afterwards.  Other actors figured it out too  (Akshay, Salman, Ajay, Emran, Kangana, Manoj Bajpai, John Abraham, etc)  This year it was Gully Boy Filmfare Awards.  Amazon sponsored the show and the movie is on Amazon Prime.  So that is how Gully Boy got so many undeserving awards.   Aamir gives the finger now these days to award events.

Aamir Khan was jealous of Salman Khan every time on the sets of Andaz Apna Apna movie. He did not want Salman Khan to ever move forward in his life, but see, the father of Bollywood is only Salman Khan and Aamir Khan is the father of Salman Khan in every film. He gives interviews and gives good ones and also tells good things. Brother, I would say that never be proud of yourself, you never know which superstar will become big and which one will become small.
During the shooting of Andaz Apna Apna, Aamir Khan had told Salman Khan that he would never be able to become a superstar and he was jealous of him, but with time he turns into a young man, today Aamir Khan praises Salman Khan, Ghar Movie Ka
Close to Home Called Dolin
