I wish we got such a gift from someone. I feel a little better.
love you deepika love you pranjal
sometimes they say that deepika and alia are enemies of each other and sometime, says that they are very good friends.

My friend gives me a makeup  set and 1 lakh

He can build a house with this much money
Who bra in the thumb nail, same u did in Alia video

Deepika Padukone is best

Arre yarr amhi konachya birthday la jato tr amhi tyana biscuit cha puda deto to 5 kiva 10 vala Mari gold cha
I hate Deepika Padukone
For me 100 rupees is a dream because i only get 10 rupees as my pocket money !!!

All stars gifts are in lakhs never in thousands and my birthday are always in hundreds never in thousands

Deepika calls u in her bdy party how u know this

Wow so luck are you

The word too much should be used too much here

Karan johar
My mom give me her blessing in my birthday and that&#39;s so much expensive for me

7 month agoKo yeh 2020 btare hai

Hello gays how are you.
There is a lot of money but these people do not want to help the poor but they have to give lakhs of gifts.... I wish this video shows that all the celebrities have given or sponsored only a few gifts to children or old age people. ...
My friend gives my car

This video is very funny because how do you know that prices and how do you know that deepika likes it muchLike plzz

Are you also there in her birthday Or she calls you to say these all

Inki party mein ho toh loan lekar jaana hoga
Muje koi btayga actress ko gift kaise bheje my favorite actress deepika  please tell me guess

My friends gift my favourite candy

They have money so they give expensive gift we have money but not like them so we don&#39;t get expensive gift but we should be happy and take the gift if it is ₹1 gift also then also we should take

My friend give a 1 pair of sneakers and denim jackets.

Alia and deepika gifts are similar..

Is all the informiton given here is true

Im not showing off but my dad gifted my mom a iphone 11 pro max and i think its nothing infront of these gifts

I think these people spend all their money in gifting. They will have many friends in Bollywood. They will be having their birthday parties and these people will be giving gifts which worth lakhs of rupees.

My sister gifted me phone  iPhone 11 Pro
Agar ma o ha hota to ma osko 2 dozan mask and sanitasion

Ranvur has extra money
How the hell do you know all these

Who hates Karan Johar  One like
How lucky she is i never celebrate my birthday I never got a gift...

Last year my husband gave me  umbrella for my birthday

My name is Mariam iam 10 years old and my birthday also comes in 5 January

My brother gifted a IPhone 11 I am so happy I wanted to share you

How do you know

Tiffany and co nahi , rolex

Why are all gifts are 1lakh to 4 lakhs

My favorite  actress Deepika happy birthday 
Deepika love the gifts but smoky evening love the gifts like it came down from heaven 

Deepika tell you that her friends and family gives her these gifts wow

how do u know this?

Kaun dethahai issko ye details bakwass

What a joke did Deepika told you that the the items worth

Shahrukh KhanAlia BhattKaran JoharArjun KapoorSara Ali Khan
Instead of giving that much costly gift to deepika they can help the the poor people

Alia is canjuse person she gifted deepika a branded coat for just 1 lakh main kya hota h

No gift matters but the thing that matters the most is how much they love you.....

This year My husband gives me a nailpolish for my birthday

Rubbish and false information

I would like to inform you that Volkswagen Beetle is discontinued so how he can gift Deepika a beetle... Common give the correct information.. Because i have worked with volkswagen headquarters

How do you know the prices of gifts if she has been came to you and told that.

Money is temporary...But love is permanent...
These actors like to gift things made from skin of calf no humanity bloody hell actors!!!!

Ooooo

Choose the app based on all the pics and choose which one to keep
Calf skin
These videos with this lady’s sound is so annoying 

39 lakh k birthday gifts ...baapre

How can sharukhan gift animals skin gift

We want priyanka chopra birthday gifts please make video

How u got to know this info,has she put all these items on an exhibition with price tag or what nonsense

Any one's birthday p itne expensive gift no data
How did you know?
Deepiks padukone ia my fav

This means they kill innocent people for fashion
My friends gifted me Mask and Sanitizer

Had Deepika told  you about her gifts and about their cost?  Rubbish 

Your  music  is  so  loud  I can&#39;t  hear  what  you  are  saying

How gives a bra in birthday gift 

Mujhe to 200 se upar gift hi NHI milti

How did you get all this?
Nice

My husband gave me a package of aalloo bhujiya on my birthday. 
In shraddha kapoor&#39;s gift video you said hermes brand bag is of 2 lakhs and now you are saying 7 lakhs

Desh ke Gaddar Gifting each other.. Urban naxals

everybody is fucking
Why people jealous so much for celebrities ? They have hard life and trials for themselves , they have to show off their body parts and beauties, may be they do not like to live this sinful way , they respect each other according to their richessness , just noticed some are donating great amount for poor people, needy people, and developing villages

Priced high was sharukhan&#39;s gift Worth 7 lakhs. hand bag

You have sung this story and I have come to tell you that.
Spend those money to poor people who suffers for food and clothes richer getting richer poor people getting poor only do some good works stars people salutes u instead of this stuff....

For them 1 lakh is equal to 1 rupee

My birthday is on 6th jan and its true

Nice

Barbaad krdea ok . Then gifts bas or koi film bhi nh ranveer ko na is ko .

How can u know about all these

I love deeps
Do you have any prove that they gift deepika those gifts ???

Kuch log bol rha h fake news toa bhai dekhne kon bol rha h

Where is that expensive bra

Did deepika reveal this to u?

Why am I obsessed so much for Deepika 

How do you know?What the stars gave to Deepika

Dress ke nam pr itna short

It&#39;s fake

what&#39;s that bra shown in thumb nail?

What nonsense you look donkey...
Love u
I want give u some gifts deepu

Wait ....how do they know 

<a href="">0:16</a>  this javed&#39;s birthday not deepika

Donate for poor

They are not environment friendly look shrukh has given her calf leather bag.they are such a creep.

Why don't you talk a lot ????????????
How much truth is there in this?
All the money is being wasted on buying such expensive gifts. There is so much poverty in India.
A meeting where we all put on old torn bras and finish our lives. 
Deepika is one of my fav celebrity I love her

All fake Chopard starts from 1 cr

Ameer o k chochle

Bhai itni to sab badi badi baate karre rahe ho unko paise  kisse milte hai hum se kyunki hum unki film ki ticket kharid  kar dekhte hai.utna hi hai to tickets ke paise kisi garib ko dedo. Baatain karna aasaan houta hai bro nibhana mushkil.start a new step spend movie tickets upon poor people then advice to others. Ok bro bye bye

world of drama
Dikhathe kuch aur hai .Bathe kuch aur hai

I start hating her after she met aishe ghosh. Deepika should be ashamed herself that she is supporting those people who are destroying the unity of her country just to promote her film . So money minded people

How uhhh know ?????

Oohh realy!! Now you say what you give deepika in her birthday??

Its All FAKE.. Imagine Ranveer giving  Deepika a Car that only worth 22 Lakh... Its all fake..

Who has watched this video for whom?&quot; What bra did he give??
Rinveer Singh also give Audi car

Kisi poor ko khilate khana itne peso Ka to DOA bhi milti

How does she know about the gifts

Bas etna jhoot ta aur nahi
Abey yrr!!
She is not a leading lady for sure now

I was born on 2 January

Karan Johar is in trouble
What did I give to each other? You wait and see who got how much. I gave a gift. I made a wish and gave a chocolate worth Rs. 20 and it gave me a lot of happiness. Deepika would not have got this much happiness from a gift worth lakhs.
1 Lakh 2 Lakh 3 Lakh 10 Lakh 22 Lakh Yaha to do a few things in one Lakh Or to live a life or set up a house in 10 Lakh To live forever One birthday How do you know what happens to the rest of the birthday That's why we remain poor or poor Or rich or aamir......
Who giftd tat &quot;B&quot;?

Wow you are so close to Deepika that she gave you all the information. What you have gifted her on her birthday?

Love u deepika 
I will pass this way to our house 
Sale in paise me garibo ki madad ho jati

Hit like if u r birthday is in january personally my birhtday is on 12 january       and I&#39;m proud to have my birthaday in January

Woah...alia gifts deepika?
Ha tuje brake gyi h na bv
What is illegal money and how can I use it?
Deepika told her people what gifts she gave to whom...itna time h unke pss...??????
Congratulations to you dear 
Calfskin bag  animal skin to save the year
Very costly birthday !

Showing Rolex and saying Tiffany and co cool.............

I wish these people would spend their money on the poverty of India, but they will give their party to their food, but these people will not do this.
Bag tar dam 1lakh??? atato 1000 tk diyei kina jabe
I like the diamond earrings verry much Its amazing

How do you know did she call her and told you                           stop making stupid vidios

Instead giving expensive gift to her  spend some money  for a homeless children

Full fake 

How do u know?
That's all 
Do deepika knows this?

Wake up cinderala this is life. Pathetic fake people fake friendship. Pathetic fuckin pathetic. Wake up

Talking about Tiffany's watch and showing Rolex's watch... how much fake news is it....
Sara Ali Khan gave a gift of only 1lakh

Calfskin ? 
There are so many problems in our country  so please  focus such problems to society do something to reduce  don&#39;t do such a waste useless topics

I think she is the housemaid of deepika .

Vai bhut poor hey jisco khana nehi milti se asb na karke vai poore ko vaai
India ki garibi ke liye Kash yeh donate karte to aaj koi bhi garib na hota...

What is the use to buy such expensive birthday gifts, when there are still thousand and thousands of people in India that don&#39;t have money to buy a puck of rise. Why people are wasting so much money un usefully for an actor that don&#39;t need all this expensive thinks!  It&#39;s all very shame from them and hearing all this stupid shamly thinks makes my heart 

Guys if you go back and see the cover photo of this video There is a glittery bra among the gifts

Pls someone tell me one lak in dollar . thanks

Depika ko itne expensive gift de rahe h aur koi gareeb maangta h to apni car bhi nhi rokte h aur inke body guard unko bhaga dete h to aise logo par nalat h Jo gareebo ko na samjhe

Congratulations DEEPIKA for becoming new member of tukde tukde gang from JNU....

Deepika is the leader of tukrde gang
34 ni 39

SAD that every gift mentioned followed by a price tag. Like that’s the most important thing for these people I guess that gift must cost a lot to account to anything.

How ul know wat gift she got

Fake news

<b>I love Deepu....So humble</b>

When Deepika came out with the students, all the media came and gave her attention, but we did not get any time from Pakistan......
She is very sweet

Fake

Deepika may be told you..

Purse made of calf skin 2 lakhs
U certainly work hard on ur lies

I&#39;m fully exact to watching a movie with Salman Khan with Deepika padokone

Happy birthday Deepika Padukone

Where do you say that SRK has given the most expensive gift because RS is DP's husband, it is clear that he has given the most expensive gift.
How u know

Pooziyan is still there
Bra kisne diya be .

OMG ur voice is just soo good

Of course what is the source!!!

If these celebrants give the money for throwing so many birthday parties to a poor person then how much will be lost and by throwing this party they have got the same gift which helps the poor people so that every day the poor people can live happily.
Sara

Very wrong. I feel even in  India Hindu is a majority religion but Hinduism is not safe anymore. Every person comes in favour of Muslim because they know they will get popularity only if they will support Muslims. No body speaks of Hindu Pandit’s miseries in Kashmir since nobody will get support. India or Bharat is a nation very safe for Muslim but if you go in Pakistan lots of atrocities are there for Hindus who are living there. I as Hindu really feel unsafe to live in India now. These celebrities have lots of money and can get the citizenship of anywhere . Also Deepika is not an Indian citizen. She has no concern for India she came as her movie is releasing. I will not watch her movie because I don’t want to see her portraying Laxmi . I know lax is story and salute her for her courage . I don’t want deepika to explain laxmi’s miseries. I don’t like youth like kanhaiya. I am afraid what India will become with youths like kanhaiya.

Vy

How about Katrina dose she give Deepika anything ?

Deepika come to u and tell u her gifts.. Go to hell.. Mtlb views increase krne k lie deepika k dosto  k ghr chle gyi uski price puchne k lie.. Awesome

malaika: &quot;Arjun, i cant find my diamond earrings..have you seen it?&quot;Arjun: &quot;oh sorry! i gifted it to deepika.&quot;

slaughtering a calf and making a handbag....carrying it around with pride....sinful people

This is crazy 

Who give the bra . In this video it was not shown then why this bra u putting on thumbnail

My husband gives me a rose for my birthday

Very sham poor people help that is real birthday

They not help poor people very bad

Y SHUD V EVER WANT TO KNOW ANYTHING ABT TIS STUPID WOMAN WITOT BRAIN

How did you know you  Make everyone fool

No body can beat SRK gift 7 lakh big star

Love u Deepika and Happy Birthd bless you in your life 
All Jhooti h
Srk big love
Each yr of her bday u show us cars pic but I have not seen them in any of deepika&#39;s pic

Nothing is less than 1 lak 

how do you know ??

Someone sold me a bag worth Rs 3 lakh and then threw that money for 10 years at a bday party.
Ameer father's family. bade happiness fazul kharche
Chhapak will disaster,this is big birthday gift.

The gifts shown in the thumbnail r not mentioned by u

Fake

My daughter birthday comes on 6 January

Kanjoos Karan and Alia

Hahahaha Dolce and Gabbana trench coat for Rs.2lakhs it seems  may be it is a duplicate coat ... For 2lakhs you will get only belt.... That only shows this video is irrelevant

Birthday Brother, America is here, we are here for our birthday, we are remembering our family members here a lot.
Why yes sab dp ne tumko khud bataiya?
Where is. Priyanka

Even a little to get Matlab views!!
Chopard watchs costs around 5 to 7lakhs..Not one lakhs its wrong

Deepika's face is full of joy..... The beauty of the heart or the courage should be there.
How do you know about her gift??Deepika me me bataya aapko..bas bna hai kuch bhi ..news bnani .. sach ho ya hota hai…mostly hota hai hota hai..fake k k
Your thumbnail didn&#39;t matched the video.....

Nice ️️️️️️
Deepika is older than my mom

How can sara gift a bag to deepika because when deepika birthday was there she was in new year vacation

The most precious or beloved gift for every wife is from her husband.
When will u tell what my boyfriend got for me on my birthday plz come and ask 

Fake

Happy Birthday Beautiful Deepika

I have the same Rolex I bought for 2.5 lackhs ️

Broo you don&#39;t know the pronounciation of LV

depikka charu khan 
Happy birthday Deepika didi
Who are you ?

waste money  she can donate for poors

How do u know all this Ur just making fake videos for views

So they don&#39;t eat beef because cows are seen to be mothers or God, but can use bags made of their skins.

I don&#39;t like Deepika.

Who told u

a love depikka pandukonne ans charu khan 
that bra...

I like Deepika, but I heard d bag is made of Calf skin, I dnt know!

Happy birthday Deepika mam
Lol.. who told u

Lol

Lol..

Sabar accha tha in my choice jo kartik dia tha and obvious ranveer ki dia car .and guys  did u noticed where ranbir kapoor s gift

.....if i sold myself....lyk thousand times.....evn that wont b enuf...to match up 2 her each gifts....Its not about low self worthIts about Bitter truth

Kash hame vi koi deta
In the video you have showed Rolex watch but you have mentioned Tiffany and Co. Please guide your self in the knowledge of brands

Does these people need these expensive gifts ? Why not do something good like sponsor a child or school under that person name which will be remembered ? Just imagine how many people tho would feed or educated or hospital treatment how people this would save ? Just a thought ... I get people to donate to a charity for my birthday

Who likes deepika ,She is too cute and her holes ,ausumn

Who likes deepika ,She is too cute and her holes ,ausumn

Most talented lady lots of love from Nepal

ur there when they gv ?or dipika come and tell u with the bill?

Bulshit news all pictures are old

Nice we love deeepika paudkone Shes cute  Lucky And pretty Whos her fan

Nice video
