All that plane to only carry that small amount of bombs??? It looks like something stolen from a museum!

After this, only beards remained.
Bravooooo RASSIA pradaljaiytes tak yebat etx gomikov, Amerikanskie petiki, oni ne musulmani, eti Amerikanskie musulmani oni za dengi gatova daje svayu jenu mat pradat, yebite skolko xatite im lijbe dengi dat, Azeri vovremya se yebalis iz Siri, u Azerbejanca nyux xaracho work.
They give bearded people a light
Yes, we can smear the same Ukraine at least 10 times using ordinary means. The ships would smear Odessa, and the infantry and tanks would be from the Donbass all the way to fucking Kyiv. These omissions will be easily erased.
and where is bucklebes equipment?
Oh... and you too!!!
The operator has balls of steel))
living people were killed...
Was there any technology there? can't see anything
JDAM would have hit the house, not nearby.
Russian aviation - it&#39;s beautiful
very well done Russia

Shoigu, bitch, why am I paying money for this? Can't you put normal cameras on drones? Compare with videos of American drones or even amateur quadcopters. Am I sitting here on the couch in vain, bitch, make a normal picture, it’s bad to steal money.
The laser guidance  is that a placebo sighted ? and it was good camoflague anyway, well proves the infallability , of ecr and confirming kills. Perhaps they wanted the main target intact for capture, well yeah that would be finesse and fine tuning,where da bridge go now.

Makes you think... such a small "box" under the wing of an airplane and what the force of the explosion is.
Long live Mother Russia, cheers from Mexico.

Well, everything is fine. But where is the technology? Otherwise, the rebel headquarters is destroyed every time. Do they have a central headquarters in every village???? And for propaganda, the video will of course work - epic. Just what's the use?
But there is a strong side wind, imagine the skill.
NEW MOVIE 2015 THE LAST WITCH HUNTER <a href=""> DIZEL
Competent PR specialists have appeared in the Moscow Region...
THERE IS MISSING THE FRAME WHERE THE CAMERAMAN IS FILMING HIMSELF IN THE BACKGROUND, HAIR IN THE WIND AND CHEEKS SWELLING UP
Handsome guys! It would have been like this a long time ago!
I wish putin was our PM...I wanna see them stabbing people in the street with putin in control.

K R A C U B O

You're sitting there cutting your head, and then a bomb falls on the bitch's head)
Considerably bombed.
I've seen porn that starts exactly like this
Is this possible in Kyiv?
Good job guys, i believe Russia can do the right thing and end the suffering of innocent, Russia have what USA lacks its called Russian way of handling things.

Damn, the distance to the rocket is even different in the video. Where the bombs fall is generally a circus. The forest was formed in Syria. Shaitans. Well, well, applaud enthusiastically!
and at the end of the Su-24M: “I’m done”
This turns out to be why they trained so hard in Shagol) there were especially many Afghan approaches
This is humanitarian aid for ISIS))
a bunch of dirt...where were the vehicles?

Oooh, real action!
ISIS has asked the CIA and the Pentagon to bring back American bombing.
Well done Russians, at least someone will actually fight against ISIS terrorists. It is immediately clear that there are Russian troops in Syria.
They asked for a camera for the plane, you did it. Or we can ask that the next time a cruise missile is launched, we can also install a camera on it, so we can watch it fly 1,500 km. If you feel sorry for the camera, drop off your wallet number, we will all chip in for it, your directorial idea is really good, it’s been a long time since we’ve made such a high-quality film. Like it so Shoigu can see it.
This is the movie
100,500 ISIS members went wild, 100% proof.
good russian

Filmed with a DVR?
Awesome Vasya
Hooray! The Basmachi are retreating.
BEAUTIFUL GUYS....KEEP IT UP.....continue))))))))get everything down to zero there
Finally. No matter how much you talk about these problems of terrorism, chatter will be of no use. If Russia had not intervened, this story would not have moved forward. Or rather, it would have moved, of course, but... Not towards the legitimate Syrian government. Russia alone has always been for these poor orphans. Although no one can fight back against America anymore. So there was no way out. We must protect our friends.
Polite operator!
The Kremlin has money for everything: Olympics, championships, gigantic construction projects, bombings, but they have no money for their own people... how quickly prices, medicines are rising, AND WHO WOULDN’T THEY BE INCREASED SALARY, PENSION???? bureaucrats moved to domestic vehicles? stopped fattening on our money?? how the media professionally knows how to zombie people...
Fucking fucked up, the whole army of armchair military experts of Ukraine has gathered
The West beeped. For them, Russian ships are just that, old vessels, airplanes are rusty pieces of iron. Why were you whining? Well, just think, “rusty piece of iron” turned off and scared "Donald Cook" and today it is destroying terrorists in Syria. They whined about something in their media.
I'll go and distort it! This is epic!
The Avengers are coming! God save Russia and freedom!

We, the Union of American Army Veterans, watched this video as a whole! And the entire union expresses our complete approval! This is how we need to destroy the terrorists holed up in their underground bunkers! How many civilians would they (terrorists) have killed if they had not been destroyed?
How I went for some bread
Happy birthday to Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin! HURRAY, comrades!!!
Subscribed, lol
Now you need to put on some upbeat music. Like so they can see!
Well done! And for the correct presentation of information <i>(in the description, and in two languages)</i>, and for the more detailed - and impressive and clear-looking - video. In general, a good <i>input</ i> you do information - it all started with just a couple of simple, uninformative videos from satellites, then they slowly moved on to a more detailed “picture” - and now, a ready-made video from the plane! That very informativeness and clarity that leaves what is seen without comment. And that does a very correct information job - not aggressive and meaningless propaganda and agitation, but an elementary “iron” message. an example of what and how the Russian Federation in general, and the Moscow Region in particular, can do. Thank you very much for the work - indeed, all that remains is to replace the camera with <b>"HD"</b>, and well - as everyone else should" ;let's play and "twitch", as well as "classic" television show - introduce the host of the broadcast, and experts discuss the video at the end of the video - and there will be complete chic for the audience, and complete shock for the spiteful critics;)
azaza hit the civilians azaza saw children down there?
It's becoming more and more like the American reality show when Iraq was bombed
If in two days the video about how Russian planes destroy ISIS militants has already been watched by more than 1 million people, then the number of people who began to respect Russia has increased by 1 million. We need to show this video in Ukraine so that they can see how Russia is at FIGHT
Don&#39;t care what Us and nato says . Russia is doing exactly the right thing  , with love and support from India .

Those GoPro videos are pretty good.

While Western "colleagues" in the fight against terrorism they are doing something unclear, the Russian Sushki are actually solving problems. Now the State Department can only deal with the release of fakes, as they have already shown how they are fighting ISIS - no way. Good luck and fair wind to our pilots!
best tube channel
This looks like a fake. Could the bombs have fallen so quickly?
OUR OWN correspondent iron egg eSkVlyuzVivno for you under Bart fighter is filming for you, good afternoon iron egg, what do you see? good afternoon, sofa studio, as you can see, I am under the board of a fighter, we are now taking off, I am filming directly at the bombs, and my twin brother is the bombing point, so we took off, here on the screen you can see how 3 bombs fell off the airframe and rushed to the release point. to be continued. (probably, maybe, I don’t know) leave me alone)
fuck russia they suck ass USA better

Under the blow of punitive forces, Under the roar of bombs in an open field, a swarm of selected fagots perished, What ISIS was called until then...
A good series that comes out regularly.
A good film.
This is what I understand, people try hard for the sake of subscribers, great video, great channel, but a stream would be cool)
Bye bye Takfiri tanks.  :-)
No wonder they played air darts.
Awesome!
russia go go  to  victory!!

Look, Ukraine can do what one regiment of the Russian Aerospace Forces can do in a few days. Then think about what would happen if Russia really attacked you with a group of thousands of troops. Look further at your Ukrainian media.
Where you bean Russia 1999 ???????? Agains fucking NATO?????

Dear Russians, I would like to propose a trade. We would like to have Putin as our leader and you can have Obama. What do you think? Sincerely, An American who hates ISIS

I see a fighter dropping bombs, but I don't see a group of fighters below. And the Coloradoans don't need any more. They have any picture shown by the Kremlin drama
Soon we will be sending SMS messages and voting while the bomber circles over the targets, in real time. Then he drops bombs for the option that received more votes.
This is the most awesome series I've ever seen. This is even more interesting than tank biathlon.
and they say Russian films are not able to remove)))

enchanting feats in the international field... but for us Russian citizens... well, at least some kind of tiny feat...... well, at least Dima Medvedev is weak to resign
another bunch of terrorists have gone to Allah!!!!
They bomb civilians and lie to the whole world that they destroyed the terrorists
We are waiting for video from Tu-160 and Tu-95MS over Washington. Maybe they will listen to this request too :)))))
Glory be to God
Subscribe to our channel, put "likes". And we will conduct a survey among our subscribers: in the next video you would like to see: 1) The destruction of militants from two aircraft; 2) Install a camera with data transmission on a missile/bomb; 3) Filming the destruction of militants by a group of MI-28 and KA52 helicopters at night time, incl. using aircraft machine guns (this content is available only to Premium account holders); 4) Infrared photography; 5) and for VIP users - real-time turret control (paid service).
What are these FABs? Highly accurate. In the best traditions of World War II.
It smelled like Oscar...
Soon they will also put recorders on rockets)
There used to be cats on YouTube, now war is a trend.
690,000 video views and only 39,000 subscribers need to be fixed!
Our jammers suppress the signal of "moderate" signals. and &quot;immoderate&quot; That’s why the opposition doesn’t take MANPADS.
Cinema from the Russian Ministry of Defense, 20th century Fox sucks!
If they post a recording from a go-prosha attached to a bomb, I’ll subscribe to the channel!
Probably the only case when I don’t mind my taxes being thrown away.
Fuck it!!!!))))
Soon they will start to shoot them down, that’s when it will begin!
We are waiting for the video of how the brave Syrians cut off the heads of these Putin martinets.
On the heads of the terrorists trained, financed, armed, covered mediatically, politically and diplomatically  by the Zionist/terrorist Axis : Paris, London, Washington, Tel-Aviv, Amman, Doha, Ankara, Riyadh !May Allah blesses the Syrian Arab Army that resists to the NWO terrorismMay Allah blesses the Russian Army that fights the NWO terrorismMay Allah blesses the Algerian Army that has resisted and still fights the NWO terrorismMay Allah helps the true Libyan Army to revive and be patriot as the one that tried to resist to NWO terrorism

try attaching the camera to a projectile and dropping it, it will be cool!
ahh
poor wood
hmm, looks like the aircraft lost something midair and had to return to base immediately. <b>lol</b>

I don’t understand, where are the accumulations of equipment? I see a forest, I see a clearing, there are no accumulations of 30 units of equipment. At best, 2 shabby tanks. Well, they bombed the forest, boasted, reported, and inflated the losses by a factor of 10. So what of this? Has it become easier to take Aleppo or Holmes?
Brilliant. Final respect to President Putin. The best world leader of the free world.
I still haven’t seen the technology
Oil prices have already gone up, success is just around the corner. Oh, how good it was to receive free oil from ISIS while the United States was slowly conducting its operation to destroy the Syrian government troops...
fucking missed. Laser guidance, hit accuracy 2 m. Thus, even in the Second World War they bombed. Poor Syrian children..Russian fascist)))
They poor people don’t know where to hide anymore)
Meanwhile, at the terrorists...we are waiting
All liberals are impaled!
I know why the Ministry of Defense is bombing Syria! So that you can make money while watching YouTube! Look, they don’t get off the top))
great bombing pattern!
Why is Syria so similar to Kazakhstan?
Although I dont like Russia because war in Bosnia, I respect Putin in this one. Go Russia destroy filthy bastards!

hat shot
Can you make it even louder?
When will there be sponsors at the beginning of the video?
=AND WE ARE GOING FURTHER=
Destruction of civilians by Putler's Lufftwaffe! Shame on you Russia!!!
Don't gather more than three!
As I understand it, the wishes of the public are taken into account here. Make the next video from the camera that will be attached to the bomb.
Cool channel, subscribed. Thugs and barbarians should be sent to “paradise”, where they themselves want
The inscription “If you liked the video, please like it” is missing. Don't forget to subscribe to our channel" :D
Oh, those Russians! They have video recorders on planes!
AM I the only one who thought that there was nothing there except a wasteland?
Sooner or later the first Russian plane will be shot down, and then the mood will be completely different! It's only a matter of time.
The show was staged
dropped the larvae onto the base!
Guys, line up so people can see... In short. According to the Russian media, they say that the USA, NATO, Poroshenko, Obama and terrorist groups are to blame for everything. I appeal to you, Ukrainians and Americans. Express and justify your adequate point of view about what is happening in your city or country. You just don't know who to believe... =)
Any whim for the money of Russian taxpayers.
Attach cameras to bombs
It lay down in a heap, apparently due to the rain (c) You won’t envy the Barmaleys...
☭GOD BLESS RUSSIA☭
and I see the wishes of the commentators are taken into account, so soon there will be a video in 4k
But I still don’t understand how it is -&quot; the spread of an aerial bomb from the target is no more than 5 meters" . I do not believe !!!
All that remains is to add an advertisement to this channel - then finally it will be =)
for all the killed civilians, eat the bitches
after this strike, the militants posted a video... who knows where I can watch it?
Europe has always spread rot on Russia, the country that later liberated Europe from Napoleon and Hitler! History repeats itself, only this time they decided to cut it in the bud, in another 50 years ISIS will take over Europe, and they pretend as if nothing is happening(
38,630 subscribers • 11,648,226 views I’m sure that the majority of both subscribers and views came after the recent release of a new super series on the channel! ))))
People are dying down there...
Wow! The Ministry of Defense listened to the schoolboys and whining about the lack of color video and attached a camera to a combat aircraft! On the one hand, it’s true, it’s better to watch the Moscow Defense Ministry’s YouTube channel than Malakhov on TV) You can also ask, if there is a break with videos from Syria, or some other window and date appears, please post an interview with the chief military conductor of the Russian Defense Ministry - Valery Mikhailovich Khalilov. Videos with him rarely appear.
Well, they attached the camera to the bottom of the plane? And what? Everyone is so happy, as if they saw something extraordinary.
As everyone knows, the military are very stupid people; they are not specifically taught to think so that they follow orders. Private Ivanov, drop bombs on the neighborhoods, bad people live there. I obey the commander!!! Today the military works for corporations, not for people. Who are they actually protecting there, people or established social institutions? Don’t you think that we need to make sure that no one can make money during the war?
“Russia: the economic collapse has accelerated.” In the second quarter of 2015, Russia’s GDP fell by 4.6% compared to the same period last year. At the same time, in the first three months the economy lost 2.2%. These are the preliminary estimates of Rosstat, which turned out to be even worse than those of the Ministry of Economic Development. The economic department, unlike the statistics department, expected a decline of 4.4%, and Minister Alexei Ulyukaev assured two weeks ago that the bottom of the crisis had been reached. Rosstat will present the “final diagnosis” in mid-September. The figures demonstrated the dependence of the Russian economy on energy exports: oil and gas revenues in the first half of the year brought 45% of revenues to the budget, but the price of Russian Urals oil fell from January to June by 47% to $57 versus $107.3 in the first half of 2014 (estimates of the Ministry of Economic Development). But the economy and budget have not yet been affected by what is happening on the market today - the drop in the price of Brent oil, on the basis of which the price of the Russian grade is calculated, to the minimum level in six months.
Putlerov's "bread baskets" to help starving Syrian children they dump...
No bases, no war.
And just imagine that Russia would really attack us.. oh :O
Tell me, do you clap your hands for joy at military parades when trained killers with machine guns at the ready pass by in organized rows? People will object to me; Well, how?!.. they protect us! And so it is in every country. People become maniacs in the same way that soldiers are given a machine gun and taught to kill, but being a military man today is considered honorable in society. We live in a very sick society. Do you understand me???
This is an epic video, there would also be some music... appropriate!!! Bravo to the pilots!!
<a href="">0:15</a> They couldn't have fallen so quickly! Maybe they are showing us a video with a delay? Then how was the centered camera pointed directly at the place where the bombs fell when the plane began to move to the right?
Now I understand the expression “They covered the clearing” :D
When's the next stream?
I want the planes to still fly past and the sounds of pew pew, and I want Rimbaud to be so tra ta ta ta ta, and so like
SAMO PUNI ROKAJ <a href="">#ISIS</a>

Crbia-Pucia!! Serbia Russia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<a href="">0:25</a> they missed

Beautiful, and scary.
Once again Russia&#39;s use of unguided bombs miss the target.  At least there were no civilians in the area.

Not bad! Not very good sales!!!Can I have a camera for a bomb?
There, at the first bomb drop, you can see the shadow of a helicopter hovering over the drop site! And at the beginning the plane takes off... How to understand? Like there was such a helicopter hanging and waiting for the fighter to drop bombs to remove it or something????
IM FROM CANADA AND I LOVE PUTIN!!! Russia is the best.

Did anyone see the equipment in the footage?
Putin his the best man ever Not like others helping ISIS and they pretend they don&#39;t!

Looks like a plane just took a shit.

Where is the equipment? From level flight, 43rd bomb. year of manufacture missed in the desert!!!! It's such a shame...
Now, it’s already watchable, more or less an action movie
In the next episode they will attach a video camera to a bomb...
don't give a fuck about piling up
well, damn it slanted... the cross is looking in one direction, bombs are exploding in another place. Logically, the cross helps to aim, but here the explosions were clearly not in the crosshairs
Throw cinder blocks, cool
somehow the bomb quickly moved away and immediately exploded on the ground
Clearly! You can! :D
I’ll promote my channel, take my radio-controlled plane, and tape my cell phone with a camera to the plane. Then I’ll invent some kind of mechanism to drop bags of water, and then glue it to the plane. And then bombing by a package of people and all this on camera.
After growing up in the west I never thought that we could have been the bad guys..I was wrong. Thank you Russia.

DVR for the global community.
&quot;for today, light precipitation from &quot;fabs&quot; and minor high explosive hail."
Go Russia, show them how it&#39;s done. Support from Croatia who is unfortunately in NATO with USA because of our stupid crooked politicians who sold the country and are so deep up western politicians asses only their feet are sticking out, but trust me, 95% of people in Croatia support Russia.

Get baptized bitches before it's too late!
I wonder what these 2 crap things are that open during takeoff and landing?!
These Russians even have video recorders on their bombers.
I watched it, it was an epic movie!! But they say there is no cinema in Russia. Yes there is!! Looking forward to new episodes!!!!
New series from the Ministry of Defense?? I'll be happy to watch and like it. No wonder I signed up!!
Does anyone know how much the film's budget is?
7

Bravo, brothers from Russia ! greetings from SLOVAKIA !!

On the way back, bomb the junta....
Good series.
ISIS thought that the exercise would fail.
Typical Syrian forest)
Tell me when is the next episode? How many episodes are there in a season?)
Beauty
where are the new episodes my tea is getting cold
thank you god i'm not a needle. P. Poroshenko.
Yeah! then they were shooting, killing, hooting! Now we shoot, we kill, we hoot! Man cannot live without exterminating his own kind!((


The excited rage subsides along the way, unlike the first days. The people received another portion of “spectacles”. Even without bread. Go to work, come back to reality
There is a plane, but there is no normal camera...
This is the import substitution program in action. For Americans, Amazon delivers small online purchases by air using flying drones, but here, as we see, larger gifts are successfully delivered. Moreover, unlike the Americans, the accuracy of delivery to the “client” is controlled by several drones. And also, in order not to disturb the client and not ask him to sign anywhere for the delivery in the invoice, video recording is carried out. The service is at the highest level, and with laser precision. Everything for the client!!!
Thank you Mr. Putin for the transparency.

People write this kind of nonsense, how do they get there from such a height??)) "The X-29L air-to-ground missile" has a laser homing head. When a launch occurs, the pilot illuminates the metal laser sight, and the aircraft can continue the maneuver.”
Why does the dryer release the brake flaps during takeoff?
The Moscow Region realized that Youtube is the most promising platform for increasing popularity among the advanced population. The filming format is cool, it would be nice to add more quality!
They also entered Afghanistan so enchantingly, it’s scary to think how all this will turn out for Russia.
I can see how popular the channel has become! First-hand - here's ACTION))))) Well, the guys are trying, well done!
Give me the camera now on the bomb itself!!!!!!!!!!!
Why do the front side bombs wobble so symmetrically when dropped (the left one goes to the left, the right one goes to the right)? Is this the effect of air currents or do they touch other elements of the aircraft with the stabilizers? The central ones separate evenly. This is unlikely to reduce the spread of hits from unguided ammunition.
Syrians dislike.
Make 10 hours version pls

Dolbit normalno
It’s not clear why they screwed up(
You need to put a camera in the cockpit.
SPENT!!! and the music of the completed mission from GTA SA will be perfect)
I sorted things out and went on to drink tea))
Burn in hell, sheep! this is for Volgograd!
AHAHAH HERE YOU ARE FULHD
angels of death.. how many children died?
Postanovočnoe show from Tockogo polygonu....
RIP my ears

The representative of the Ministry of Defense, Major General Igor Konashenkov, summed up the results of the Russian Air Force operation in Syria at a press conference. In particular, he said that as a result of the FAB-500 bomb, the ISIS command post was destroyed, and the farts of about 100,000 liberals in Russia and neighboring countries were blown up. About 500 ISIS fighters learned to baptize themselves. About 100 foreign jihadist instructors recalled Russian swear words that they had not uttered since the Soviet Afghan campaign. Refugees travel to Europe directly in armored personnel carriers. A rally of thousands took place in Ar-Raqqa with the slogan “Putin is our president.” “The operation has been temporarily suspended, but will continue as soon as the sandstorm caused by the mass exodus of refugees to Europe subsides,” the military department spokesman added.
what height? 10 kilometers?
The Russian army is the strongest army in the world! Thank you for fighting EVIL for the sake of the world and people who have lost hope in kindness and humanity. I'm not Russian, but I'm proud of the Russians! And I envy the light. I wish you well-being and prosperity, competent politicians and fewer greedy officials.
fuck yes, davai rusi.

WELL DONE TO THE RUSSIAN ARMY. IT WAS HIGH TIME TO DESTROY THESE TERRORISTS FROM ISIL EVEN ALL THE REMAINING TERRORISTS SHOULD BE DESTROYED BECAUSE THERE ARE NO GOOD TERRORISTS. NOT LIKE THE AMERICANS FOR WHOM SOME OF THESE TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS ARE BAD AND OTHERS WHO LISTEN TO THEM ARE GOOD. THE TERRORISTS THEY ARE TERRORISTS AND THEY MUST BE KILLED TO SAVE HUMANITY FROM TERROR. THEREFORE MAY GOD SAVE RUSSIA AND PUTIN BECAUSE ONLY THEY CAN STOP THE THREAT OF TERROR AND THE THREAT OF THE AMERICAN DICTATORSHIP.
damn it's some kind of bullshit, it's a drop in the ocean. where is the great Soviet army, they threw 3 bombs from 1 plane and rejoiced
From Russia with love, fucking ISIS =)

Damn, they threw bombs worth several million into God knows where to no avail, but here the collectors are ready for overdue payments. loan thousand rubles, tear off your head. where's the justice?
If a bomb lands on its nose, why not attach a wireless camera to the projectile? If not, well... But if you think about this matter...).
Putin set for the leader around the world Go ahead RussiaGreetings from Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Handsome guys - they approached the process creatively. They set up cameras - it's like a reality show
rename the channel to we bring democracy
Afftar jjot)))
Angry Birds - Russian version.
targeted airstrike ept.plus minus hectare.
We fed the ISIS fighters))))) Bon appetit!
I demand the continuation of spectacles in 3D, a sea of ​​blood, explosions, fires and screams, ala I'm off to the bar!
Applause for of Russia!!! Tak trzymać !!! brawo!

The entire world is thankful.

Was there any satellite footage of the explosions?
Good episode
Well, when will they attach an action camera to the bomb!!!!!
Where is the technology? Bomb an empty field.
informative and ad-free
Lol, where is the accumulation of equipment? All I see is wasteland. Is bombing vacant lots now a new tactic?
This can be nominated for an Oscar, what a sensitive directorial idea
At the request of viewers, it also comes with sound.
God bless Russia

Why do bombs hit the rear holder when dropped? Does this affect the reset accuracy? Can bombs detonate?
Initial selfie.
And here is the music put on the video)))))
go russia \o/
It would be better if they attached an action camera to the bomb itself. P/S/ For the Ministry of Defense. It would be stupid not to use such footage for good PR of your armed forces and your position. It is necessary to provide videos with detailed comments in Spanish, German, Chinese and English. IMHO
I'll probably subscribe
Gentlemen, this is the discovery of Russian Pictures.....and somewhere on the sidelines lonely Hollywood is crying)))
Thanks Russia from America!

Please indicate the date when the air strike was carried out, otherwise the chronology of events is not clear!!!!!!!!!!!
The best series of 2015, and episodes are released frequently)) It would be nice if specialists in deciphering images from UAVs commented on the videos. For example, it’s impossible to understand the technique at all.
normal video) Discovery is resting)
Planes are flying and tanks are burning...... Batyanya battalion commander......!
the video is getting better and better... someone is trying))
I think this will be the most popular channel)
looks like Vine
Storm and pushed against ALL Mohammedan enemies. We must destroy them
Now we need to remove it from below, from the ground)
Where is the accumulation of militant equipment?
indicate the date when the air strike occurred, otherwise the chronology of events is unclear. This video has already been posted, now they have added a view from another camera
The video of this air strike has already been posted, we just added video from the camera installed on the plane to it
Here's "Allah barn" for you.
However, at Palmyra the Syrian army is forced to go on the defensive, the fighting is so heavy that something is not gelling yet
beauties
Give me a GoPro camera on the rocket! Please take into account the wishes of your comrades
And give me another video of the bomb, how it flies to the target
Beauty
weighed it normally.
Glory to Putin! Glory to Russia!
Why aren’t trees blown away at a relatively short distance from the explosion? Is there really enough power to destroy equipment?
not direct hit on little house, but guess those bombs are at least 500lb each and destroyed the little structure anyway.

Damn guys, buy a normal one already, otherwise it looks like it was filmed with an iron. Well done, great videos. Subscribe, like!
Hollywood is taking a break :)
BEAUTY!
A cluster of equipment? I saw only a clear clearing there, lol.
God speed Russia........Greetings from Portugal...........

Sharovarniki, fas. come on... sing... it's all a production they're bombing peaceful children they're children
Good day! Is it possible to attach a video camera to one of the bombs? The desire is not violence, but the desire for epicness.
Justice in action
I want to believe that all this is a cut-up, because the bombs fall to the ground in free flight in just 2-3 seconds. And this is at a height, if I’m not mistaken, of more than a kilometer! It would be interesting to hear the authors' opinions
Yes, the marketing manager of the Moscow Region eats his bread and butter for a reason))
What a blast wave! Thousands of kilometers from the fall, 74 farts detonated
Just like I ordered, a camera so that you can see where and what is flying.
Thanks, from France.

Cool ! thank you Russia, thank you Putin.

Wow, what a beauty. Let's have more videos, and more.
The most epic video!!!! Just f*cked up!!
mentally late
Let's chip in for Go-Pro. the path with each bomb is caught. no pity.
Did they hang up the cameraman? :)He drives a camera..What kind of plane is this, I can’t understand? Su -24xx?
Great job!
Salo is in awe)
The Gandons are indignant!
12 points go to...... RUSSIA

ralryenrpp
Blpralsykr
Imagine what will happen in a month...cameras will appear on the ammunition itself) The video is certainly one of the best on this channel.
Let's go with a resolution of 720 or 1080, guys, then I'll even subscribe to your channel.
thanks rusia!

Fascist Russia is bombing civilians again!
Well Done Russia ! More, more and more.

Wow. He ran straight into the clearing. In short, if I join ISIS, I will hide my equipment in the forest.
Hang up advertisements for military-industrial complex products.
Oops. This is not a dove on your head...
Everyone is SUCH euphoria... No one thinks how these games can help the “brotherly peoples” may turn around.
I don&#39;t normally praise violence and destruction, but it seems the Russians have done more damage to enemy infrastructure and support equipment in the past week with great effect and thoroughness (so we are told through the media) than the US have done in the whole of their imperialistic campaign over the past 10 years.

everyone is fucked up! will fly in via Garmin and with Go-Pro to hell with everyone in Karkalyga!!! and also a Jedi sword and a megablaster!!! throws all of Syria into rubbish
Damn, the Ministry of Defense is starting to make special effects)) Each new movie is better than the previous one))
Put the Red Stars back on their wings!
It gets better and better with every new video! Good luck :)
It’s strange, they dropped bombs in Syria, but they’re bombing everyone in Ukraine)
It was soo beautiful! I cry tears of joy every time I see the commendable actions of Mother Russia.

Well done, the people are with you. Cover your activities more! Every citizen should be proud of our Army.
In my opinion, the best episode so far!
Spasibo, Russia! :-)

How many people saw the accumulation of equipment in that blurry video? I didn’t see anything there except the boarding school. Let's prove the scum.
If only you could get better microphones and there wouldn’t be a price
uffffffffff, rude!
it&#39;s just AWESOME !!!!!!! AMAZING and so on ....

It looks like they actually missed their target.

Go Russia!

Awesome video of incineration of the vandals who have recently been systematically destroying the incomparably historic Roman era city of Palmyra.   Russians should be bursting with pride right now and deservedly so........their military is doing God&#39;s work.

wow the vids are getting cooler and cooler =)
so this is the video that was already in the upper left corner, the blow was struck yesterday and not this afternoon. 20 militant tanks destroyed!!!
Go Russia! I would like to ask somebody here how Russian people generally view this war because don&#39;t believe any media out there. Something good, bad, not very interested,... I personally would like Russia to smash ISIS not only because it is evil, but to destroy American hegemony once and forever. But for that to be achieved military will have to have support of its people.

God bless you brave Russian Soldiers!!

who wanted to chip in on GoPro?..
Cool video!!!
Woooooooo))) Excellent)) Something new)) RF Ministry of Defense... Continue!!!)
Oh, at the request of TV viewers, we’ve already started with the plot :) Well done to the Moscow Region.
For the first time I see how the bombs come unfastened) All that remains is to film the rocket launch, and then install the camera on the rocket itself. The Americans bombed Iraq like that for TV.
Dear Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation, if possible, indicate the type of ammunition used. Thank you.
Subscription and lois! Author, have you seen more videos like this?)
I see the blue distance, It’s just a pity to disturb this.
As they say, he covered the clearing.
Wow, this is already the second season, as I understand it :) Soon the third season will probably be with editing and 720p
Thanks for sharing!

1943)) uncontrollable bimbos through peaceful cities
Everything ingenious is simple. I think it will win a prize in Cannes.
Vanguyu, videos coming soon, straight from the bomb itself  GoPro rules! 🇷🇺
I gave a shit to the ISIS people! 
And where is this “accumulation of technology”? Everyone who looks must imagine it themselves?
All! I subscribe to this channel.
Like, subscribe! I hope no wild animals were harmed :D
The film deserves an Oscar!
Hooray! Sound turned on! ))))
God, Shoigu eats
this is the most highly accurate))))
Better than porn.
good job! greetings from czech republic

the channel is like a series every day there are new episodes and most importantly I’m already hooked on it)))
If only they did night filming of takeoffs and landings from the airfield, RT did it, it doesn’t look bad
Well done! The main thing is don’t start inserting ads!!!
We need to use Arthur Sargsyan! He could have shot a whole action movie there. )
The Ministry of Defense makes better films than Mikhalkov!
missed by 200 meters...
so it's passing by again.
the clearing and the forest were blown up - ISIS is in shock
And then Ahmed suddenly realized that he no longer liked being a terrorist (c)
cool let's play))) I'm subscribing!
Like if you're looking forward to new episodes!
This channel should be at the top
Let's roll up comrades - &quot; For high-precision weapons! &quot;
We asked for videos in the best quality, with a plot - get it) Channel admins work at 5+
I observe “black paid traffic of the Kremlin”. Ugh. The kamikaze is probably throwing up a fart.
Am I the only one trying to look out for the equipment???) Or are they bastards in the trees???
Happy entry! Handsome guys!
TO HELL !
Continuation of the serial film)) so creative)
I wish I could add 2 cameras :) 1 - looks down at 90% 2 - looks back at 45%
How cool that the blogger takes into account the wishes of his subscribers)
Now the video is in color, it would be more like this, otherwise everything is black and white.
35k subscribers and 11 million views. Stop screwing it up
Handsome guys!!! Thanks for the video from taxpayers!
Guys, next time let's use 1080P or 720P, otherwise 480 is somehow not modern anymore. Stick the GoPro to the bottom.
who asked to hang GoPro?) MO fulfills requests!)
Wow, great video, keep it up!
No, well, that's a completely different matter! A qualitatively new level of video!
Great job! The whole family watches it every day! I even bought a 4K TV on credit so I could watch the guts of women scattering through the forest)) All you have to do is attach a GoPro 4 to bombs with a 3D effect, and DOLBY ATMOS will generally be shown in cinemas)
The most disgusting video of all!!! Three little babies boomed like that!!!!!! I wonder how many shaitans went to HELL!?
The sad “alaakbar” is appropriate here. as a soundtrack.
What series will cluster bombs be in?
So that Russian Post delivers so quickly
At the request of TV viewers directly.) Thank you min. Defense! I'm proud of Russia.
Applying for an Oscar!
You wanted it with sound, you got it! Yes and how..
The sniper works great!
Well, stupid.... At least someone in the Ministry of Defense will notice that the mechanism for dropping bombs simply jams - the legs do not retract completely, they just jam and the upper bombs touch these legs, so much so that they even bounce off a little. What are we waiting for? So that the bombs detonate? Where are aircraft technicians looking? Does everyone just need winning reports? What are all these comments worth, like - I watched it five times - great! Assholes.
Oscar for editing! Have you seen the bombs we have? They have just been dropped, and after 1.2 seconds they are already landing next to the target. Don't believe me? Watch this video! Why didn’t they paste a video of ground explosions in the upper left corner before the reset?
I'm proud of our pilots! did a good job. I have never seen such a detailed video! Well done for capturing it like that! The air brakes of the Su24 are interestingly located)))
Does he hang in the air like that? Or is this what it looks like on the map?
Damn, this is the level of shooting!
Hooray sound!!))
There is not enough female voice in the background saying “in 300 meters turn right”...
Now the Ukrainian branch of ISIS will start hysterical that children were picking mushrooms in that forest.
Write the subtitles and title in English, otherwise the world community will again be in the dark. We know that our videoconferencing specialists accurately screw whomever they follow!
The guy who filmed the video with the SU-34 has balls of iron! At this speed, even his hands don’t shake!
This is something new
Not a bad movie. The dude who filmed while tied under the fuselage, you are our idol! )))
Oh, at this rate, the Ministry of Defense will soon connect a partner program, yay.
Wow, they're starting to film better now
Progress in the quality of videos is obvious. It is necessary to slightly delay the moment of impact in the corner insert: explosions occur almost simultaneously with the release, which does not look very good. On a full-screen replay of the impact filming, it is better to remove the background sound. The take-off and landing phases can be made a little longer and composed of several fragments of several seconds each: for example: landing gear release - touch - run - taxiing.
GREAT SERIES!
From Russia with love I fly to you..

if it was filmed on a go-pro camera then it’s funny and offensive ;-)
Interesting episode/would like more
Great
My favorite video blogger!)
&gt;about 30 units of automobile and armored vehicles were destroyed, including tanks and motorcycles?!
It would be good before delivering the "gift" look at the &quot;recipient&quot; from all angles.
norm
I watched it five times. Great job!
Fuck it, clearly!
Well... better quality videos... we need to start installing cameras in places so that they can be seen in slow motion and from different angles!
To understand the future, you need to know the past well... 14 centuries ago, the Prophet Muhammad raised the green banner to fight the pagans who slaughtered men, raped women and killed children. Then the words were spoken that every Muslim knows from childhood and pronounces every day " Peace be upon you and the mercy of Allah." There will be peace in Syria... because the truth is on our side...
The Su-24 was nicknamed “Snake Gorynych” for a reason... When it takes off in afterburner, that’s all - such a roar, it not only hits your ears, but actually everything inside shakes... Even here in the video, the headphones were at 50% volume — as it did, on takeoff, even my brain swayed a little... The Su-24 is real.
Star-worthy.


I almost came. And with sound and in color and the moment of release and hit. Everything is great! The day was not in vain.
stronghold is better
At least put a watermark on the video... otherwise they will rivet fakes
Russian fun straight up. We love watching bombings
The MO director begins to show creativity, combines camera angles :)
Why is the camera not made domestically? Do we support the USA?
Soon they will write, they say, hello people, if this video gets 10,000 likes, we will drop a vacuum bomb on the Wahhabis))) IN THE meantime, LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE!)
I read the comments - there is nothing to add. I join the grateful viewers.
Soaring... higher than the sky... without knowing any barriers... pieces from terrorists... fly, fly, fly!
And they say Russian cinema is shit, Russian cinema is dead, etc.
By the way, the target is not visible.. the bombs are detonated behind the bottom edge of the screen.. and the camera films the columns of smoke rising from the explosions.., but I hope that it, this target, was there..
Great. Right on target. Unguided bombs ofab 250/270
Nonsense, how did the bombs reach the ground in 2 seconds?? Putin go lie somewhere else.
Hide guys, who can!!))
How lovely..
Canine.
But you can’t buy a bomb! For example, so that it would be written on it. Greetings from Sasha the fierce to you!!!! And how much would it cost? And they showed where she would collapse with this greeting!!!!!!!!!! In short, I would love to help my men in Syria.
There are no maydays in the comments. Why are you quiet? Download! Where further away. Or do you see Khreshchatyk in your videos? Don't worry. It won't hurt)
Thank you very much, Ministry of Defense!
Yes, I honestly still can’t understand how it’s possible to hit FABs at the same height and speed, even with some kind of aim.
This is an infection, everything is for the people! If you want spectacles, I have them))
Thank you

What did you want to show with this video? The fact that bombs explode? Why didn't they do a more extensive survey of the area from the bomber itself? So that we can look at this place on the map and say with confidence that this is ISIS territory, since you tried to prove that you are fighting with ISIS.
poor Voronezh...
We want a vacuum bomb for ISIS! Let's like who supports the workers' request!
THIS IS AN OSCAR!!!
insert the copyright and date in the video, otherwise fakes will be attacked later
The Ministry of Defense is mastering a new genre. The pen test was successful)
This episode with sound was the most interesting! 
Keeping up with the times) the MO channel surprisingly adequately responds to the requests and wishes of its subscribers!) Well, let's have another <a href="">#goupronabomb</a>
Finally with sound!
Be sure to add the cries of ISIS. Like el rusi el rusi shaitan machine el rusi alah babah alah babah el rusi
The director has changed, great =)
Just a qualitative leap in documentary directing :D
it’s too cool you started making your videos) you’ll probably start a live broadcast soon and put Malakhova there nearby to chat
I watch the video and realize that I’m smiling)
Better than any special effects. Well done, guys.
The only normal Russian series, I think it should be called “Flying Taliban”, scripted by V.V. Putin and S. Shoigu starring the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation. I’ll wait for 2 xenons.
The holiday comes to us)
You need to attach a gopro to the bomb and show the bomb falling from the first person in slowmo. :)
briefly and clearly!
In the videos that were posted in the morning, someone asked that the cameras on the plane film the fall of aerial bombs, and in the evening such a video, the Ministry of Defense actually reads the comments, it’s just like an order table, you’re spoiling us so much
This is awesome! 20% cooler than other videos!
I remember someone wrote about the stream - I can already imagine some general in the webcam - who talks about all this)
Oh, Ministry of Defense, I almost regret that I turned away from the army.
New episodes))) Now with sound, we are waiting for HD.
Best episode of the season!
Finally, Russia has learned how to make quality films.
Truly Allahu Akbar!
very impressive. It would also be great to insert negotiations into the background. something like: - I'm fifty first, approaching the target. - The bombs are dropped. I confirm the hit and return to base.
Apparently Mikhalkov was hung up with a camera))
In!!! Now there are videos from an airplane, and even with an overlay of the target of fire! you just had to ask! I like this channel more and more!)
in their place there could be "Right Sector"
I don't care what height he threw them from, he also hit the right spot)
They spoil us. Soon in all cinemas of the country in 3D.
The Ministry of Defense will recoup all the costs of the operation in Syria with views on YouTube =D
Subscribed to the channel))) Super!!!
Great.
Fabulous! More cameras and good quality!
Handsome guys, take your wishes into account! Connect your affiliate program and use the proceeds to organize a banquet for the inhabitants of the base!
After watching the video my ears continued to hiss)))
This is what I understand, it’s based 100% on real events))) Hollywood nervously smokes on the side of the road. Fuck you bastard!!!
All videos would be in this format
I’m even afraid to imagine - the second season will be in Tripoli?)
Nichoshi. At the request of the workers, the prokhs visited.
We hope it will soon reach the camera on the rocket. Like to be seen!!
The most interesting episode of the first season.
MO channel three days ago 11 thousand subscribers, now 35 =)
Cool)))
Great, it's cooler than Hollywood
You can also directly attach a camera to a bomb and drop it on the head of an ISIS militant! This will be a trick)
I didn’t think that the Ministry of Defense would listen to ordinary people on YouTube. Closer to the people :)
Can i ask you? Were the filming of the bombs dropping and the filming of their falling being filmed at the same time? Question for the Ministry of Education.
Well, at least once from the cockpit video with a sight! I know secret information) but at least dream!
A new episode of your favorite series is out)
A big step towards meeting the audience. Thank you very much
With action, the movies turned out cooler!
Very positive! ))
N-na ska!
Gorgeous!
more cameras on planes!
No way the height! How is it even possible to hit a target at such a speed at such a height?
the channel will be at the top soon
and this is your favorite melody, the group AC/DC)) And the soul flies to the Gurias)
Hollywood smokes.
Surprised! =) in a good way =)!
This is a bird, three bombs * good and all three are on target, it would be great if there were more videos like this)
good episode, plot beginning, apogee, quick resolution. The movie was a success, I watched it twice!! Can you at least put the comments in subtitles???
The new format is cool)))+
Finally they screwed the camera to the plane :)
Soon the video will be even more epic!))))
New format. It seems that requests in the comments to install Go Pro have reached the management.
this is cool!
Directing appeared. )))))) Blessed, blessed! )))
at the request of viewers
we need more videos like this
Yes, I see MO hear people. They work on the video, with the sound, and trim the video. Takeoff, bombing and landing)) And they themselves already like to make standard video materials))
Who knows what kind of shields open during takeoff and landing?
What a job! Interesting, doesn't get boring! Keep it up, guys!
Thank you to the channel admins for listening to the requests of viewers!!!
good video. Thank you!
what a deal! I've been asking for sound for a long time!
First!
