FAKE
Yes yes bring the targeting to where the bomb dropped instead of dropping the bomb where the target is.  No wonder why everyone laughs at Russia.

Yes, McCain is hysterical now!
Well done! Bomb this scum!
again some barn was blown up. fuck, guess what they're blowing up there
Another moderate opposition kindergarten was destroyed by the Russian Aerospace Forces... Damned Russians!
Back to the creator.
in Russia they reduced payments to teachers and doctors and at the same time increased government salaries. officials, but what difference does it make if there are similar videos
really a warehouse of weapons and ammunition! the explosion was very powerful
Let the United States supply weapons to militants, spend millions and we will give them one missile.)))
If they have Amer. weapons, then this is a maximum of 10 percent of those who defected to them. And "moderate" the opposition is those who advocate a secular system, that is, those who do not need the Sharia system of government. This is the difference between them and ISIS. And there is also an armed confrontation between them.
you are all idiots and morons, destroying people is not humane
And where is the shooting done?
I love it when problems are solved correctly. And ours are a model in this regard. From the first day they began to crush the bastards. At least write textbooks for America.
Bang bang bang bang!
Good must be sown with an axe! Vodka and tobacco - one health!!!
Did you drop the lard?
Oh my God, Russia is destroying US property again! How do they tolerate this? Why don't they shout about a blatant violation of international law? Everything is bad, everything is very, very bad.
Then straight to Donbass!
It bombed in direct proportion to the ass of OUN UPA supporters.
Ukraine fought with Russia for a year and a half 
No matter how much I look, I just can’t get used to these hellish flames. It’s truly breathtaking. Haven’t the barmaleys yet realized that they will lose in this war?
50 shades of grey! ... sadomasochistic torture of ISIS by Russian aviation!
It was a hell of a mess, and there was unexploded stuff scattered around, I hope the abreks come back to see what’s left.
Negotiations with terrorists must be conducted correctly....
Now, when watching this video, somewhere McCain is crying and suffering.
Give us color angles from additional quadcopters!!!! )))
<a href="">

Let thousands of explosive Russian waves cover the Islamic fascists!:)
Maybe at the same time you can recapture the Syrian part of the Golan Heights occupied by Israel?
code already ODAB-9000
Why is the movie black and white? I want color FULL HD and for at least 5 minutes!
We know that this is the equipment that was recently supplied by ssh@.
thumbs up for showing the explosions in full! otherwise the Ministry of Defense has relaxed lately and is sending us snippets
I will appeal to the ditch defense department with a request to provide data on what environmental damage these airstrikes caused in Syria
Of course, I would like it in the color of the Lord. Well, in principle, it’s not bad.
And show me the militants there, provide proof that your exterminators do not kill only ISIS fighters and not civilians
