Where did you get the title from?
Woh Roz karta hai , aur video banane wala yeh sab chupke se dekhta tha , taaki baad mein woh video bana sake

What can I say, I don't have the labs to say anything.
Sir, I have not said anything about the video that you named the video.
Both of these couples look good to me.
Brother, please write the headline in a polite manner.
Ajay Devgan  is a gd person &amp;  with him KAJOL ALS ...CUTE PAIR 

Bhai tum apni ko kothe par bhej do... Bhosadik thumbnail me apni maaaaaaa kyu <b>******</b> ho... Mulakalt karo tumko latiyana hai

<a href="">

The daily struggle is over
Shahrukh Khan Kajal Kapoor Inki Jodi Acchi Lagti Hai
Nimrit is a vamp   real villian  of.big boss

My favorite jodi

Ml

Hiiii

Theek h but hm phla or akhiri naam Kajol with srk

Ajaye &amp;kajol

You guys are not ashamed to write such nice things for Kajol.
my favorite bollywood kajol devgan and ajay devgan 1990

What kind of thumbnail is this?
Bakwas

Who came to see the thumbnail?
Ajay kajal love you too nice 
Arey waste fellow where there is everyday karthatha, pagal bulle

You were watching the lamp with him, it was so bad
He also writes something for views, why defame someone's name for thumbnail?
Abe, where are these crazy secrets? We have come to know more than I am, the more people have learned on YouTube channels, the more they have written the wrong thing, the more people have understood that the thief is the woman's jhoot...
Ghanta hai hai
Tum dekhne gaye the

Thumbel banane wale ko 21 topo ki salami

Hey brother, what have you written in the thumbnail of the video, I used to say this every day because if Ajay Devgan sir gets to know about your marriage, he will tear you apart.
Simply why you people spoiling some body s name on screen pls don&#39;t that and spoil some body s name for publicity Ajay ji nis a nice person pls  don&#39;t.publish nonsense and give his loving people wrong information and spread simply rumours and break some body happily married life be happy always and let others also live happily always ️

66

And why are you waiting for someone to meet me again?
what nonsense
How many fools have the logo been?
Aajeydevan.agar.shadinahi.kiyahota.kpi.oldege.budda.secandhandmilta.thanksboloajayko
I like his girlfriend very much and I keep watching her movies.
Ajay Devgan and Kajal Devgan beautiful
Super jodi...
bohuth aaccha laga
Super jodi

Kajol and shahrukh khan
Brother, what little work have you done in the past few years to earn money in the wheel of MTLB?
Did you know that you spend time with your mother
It's because of Kajol that I didn't suffer like this in the night too.
Why are you fooling my friend? Don't betray a good person.
Roj pelta tha?

Thanks

Thumbnail 
What should you write in the heading of 'Bhosdi'?
Bro, why are you misleading?
I love this jodi best in whole world

kajal great️️️️
Khapodi tod salle ka
Mister
Rubbish
Gn

Excellent jodi
Kajol achchi lagti hay
In the video you say something and show something, first decide for yourself whether you want to show good or bad...we are just viewers brother.
H pm e: hji
Madarchod midea, please also write about your mother's wife, you idiot
Super jodi

Tere ma is  ka vb7

Video me to sab accha hi batate ho to phir ye sab baat screen pe kyu likhte ho

Best couple in the world

Duniya ki sabse achchi Jodi

Kajol's daughter is a disgrace to Hindu's name.
Bhai tera thumbnail ne toh pura excited kardiya
Ajay Devgan and Kajol Devgan are such a super hot couple.
This is what happens in the film world.
Single gender film honi chaiye.
you talk nonsense
Very nice jodi

Not kodi kajon sarukh khan jodi perfect
This is the headline of very dangerous news
AP.logo.ko.jindegi.sunne.ke.bad.ghin.ata.he
Very good bro

My favourite couple 

Good

These YouTubers are doing the same thing by writing something more in the title on the cover of the video and seeing something more in the video. Now how can anyone understand that they were fasting so that's why they are posting. To get views, first these changes have to be done. Please write whatever is shown in the video on the cover.
It is not a surprise for Kajol and Ajay Devgan to get married, this is a Bollywood film, everything that happens in it is a judge, from here it becomes clear that caste and creed should not be asked, no one should worship Hari.
Sachi vat che nice
Yahi bollywood shadi he jo etne sal gyi or humesha esehi sath rhe kajol ajye or unke bchche 
Not needed to be emotional. Such things are common in Bollywood. It is not wrong if ajay debgan  married kajol. Shadi to kise karni hi thi.

Gyanchand
These useless people,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,-
Very.  Nise

Kuch to sarm kar

Ap logo ko or koi tarika ni like pane ka..had h rumour ka

Please kicharh n ushalo, they are living successful  married  life.heading itna ganda,  sharm kro kush, voroti kha rhe ho jisse, beech mein achi baat, bahr kitna gand.

Please kicharh n ushalo, they are living successful  married  life.heading itna ganda,  sharm kro kush, voroti kha rhe ho jisse, beech mein achi baat, bahr kitna gand.

Please kicharh n ushalo, they are living successful  married  life.heading itna ganda,  sharm kro kush, roti kha rhe ho jisse, beech mein achi baat, bahr kitna gand.

Please kicharh n ushalo, they are living successful  married  life.heading itna ganda, sharm kro kush, roti kha rhe ho jisse, beech mein achi baat, bahr kitna gand.

Please kicharh n ushalo, they are living successful  married life.heading itna ganda, sharm kro kush, roti kha rhe ho jisse, beech mein achi baat, bahr kitna gand.

Ajay Devgan superhit hero hai Kajol ko are ready do teen bacche ho gaye hain Ajay Devgan se shaadi karne ke liye Teen Char Hero Ne line Mein the

What's the point in this?
Chudai roj hoti hogi

Jabrjast
No Kajol and Ajay devgan  is not perfect coupels

The crazy guy has said the opposite about Ajay Devgan.
100+

Bahut bhakland ho tum....

Naari, ko, ijat, sikh, lo
Bakwas kr raha tu

Thumbnail
Nice jodi
Chuthiya Media has the intention of breaking the house and bringing down Ajay.
Mast

Good Jodi number 1
Thumbnail me thodi to maryaada rak 

Full Clickbait 
Sale bahar kuch or ander kuch or

Very nice

they r succesful in mrg life,then why u said in begining of video that &quot;ajay ne itna ganda kaam kiya&quot;..hell

Vry nice jodi

The guy didn't say anything in the video. fake news


all wrong hai

Yes no skta
Any video heading should be clear
How many channels are there?
Thumbnail 
Meri fobret actress Kajol ajay devgan
NJ on oh oh in kg kg oh u kg hCree
Do these people work or not?
clickbait
<a href="">

Why are you doing so much baking? First he is talking, Ajay Devgan is a great man and then he is talking to the best pair. Do you understand what the public likes? Jo Marji wo batane lagte ho na sir hota ha na per
Very nice

Bewskuf
No. 1 Jody

Isam Hameed
Fake news

Kajol na hoti,  toh aap roti kahan se khate.

6

Why do you give such a stupid title that someone's mother is not here
How much do you write about the path or how much do you tell?
Ok

Kajul is not tej kajal
You are crazy, then why did you give this dirty title about such a good couple because your mind is dirty and you want to fill filth in people's minds too.
Is all this true?
lode sach bat karna

Abe chutiya had line me kuch or hitha

Sharuk Kajol
Kajol aor sarookhan ki Jodi ek number
Make a video of your wife also
Kajal aur sarukha

What do you do to get log sal views?
Nice jodi
Asi jodi ko bura kiu btarha he tu

Jodi achi hai
You resort to filth to show shame.
What is there to think about it?
Very nice jodi ️
Gadhe

Very good

My foe brit  jodhi

my fevret hiro
What have you written about me, sir, that this day you have said this to your wife too?
Ajay Devgan is better than the mother. Kangana Ranaut was about to commit suicide and came outside Devgan's room. Kangna Ranaut would love to stay together in the same room once upon a time while shooting in Mumbai. Ajay Devgan took Kangna Ranaut's dick and Kajol found out this thing and Kajol warned Ajay Devgan. N he cut off any relationship with Kangna Ranaut. And Kangana Ranaut did full drama in the hotel by drinking alcohol outside Ajay Devgan's room. Finally the director handled the situation and Ajay Devgan Bach came. After that came Hrithik Roshan. Do you all know what happened with Hrithik Roshan.....
Kajalkichutmainpaipghusadenchahiyein
Disliked due to wrong thumbnail

Hero Ho to ajay oske jesya nehi hai kohi Ajay and Kajol jodi no1


Now you say what do you want? Pahel said that Ajay's character is not true. Then he said that both of them were not in love. Then he said that both of them used to date. Then he said that Kajol wanted to get married to share their happiness and joy. Abe aur kisliye log shaadi karthe hain c##<a href="">#ye</a>.
Rub ney banady Jodi kajol and ajey devga very  very nice good sweet beauti full lovely my hot  favourite Jodi god bless you both are you Jay mataji

Jaat se battar jodi dono ki
Best jodi
I don't understand why you said such a thing about Ajay sir at the beginning of your video....?
Please

Please don&#39;t write this type language

Best best jodi, don&#39;t talk falsely,

Hhhi

Bast the ship
You r c

What can you say about this pair of couples, the best pair may God give them a healthy life and always keep them happy.
first karna live
Juth juth

I love you

Kahi pan feku nakos.
Shahrukh is not worthy
Best jodi I like both
How much did you like the crazy log?
bakbass
Nice jodi
Nice jodi
These people are such bad people, you can see how many dirty things have been written in the thumb line, what despicable acts they do to increase the number of others.
We like Ajay's company. Kajol is not a city dweller who is still a prostitute. not like saif ali khan
Nice jodie

Kajol kisse date kar rahi thi

Yeah
You are requested to run Rewa Chirmiri as soon as possible.
Nice jodi
Haramkhor, you idiot, you write anything.
Jews I Andha I code
Jawanee andha hoti hai 
Sex like nothing else 
God bless them Sukhee bhava....

Nice

Mohan Jaiswal Chhattisgarh
Talking about work is like talking about the world.
A bhe.panoti

I love you jaan
Sutiya

Ajay devgan want to know your location 

sexy movie
even a little
Super 
very beautiful
Write a joke, tell me what is going on, you are selling dung.
Good luck Ajay sir
All rubbish
.

Good 
Idiot  ediot ediot you are giving wrong news different title. What wii happen when somebody wiil give such fake news about your sister or amily member?

Kya bkwasss line likhte hai

Saurabh Gujjar BJP
Very hot sexy and hot bhabhi and hot anti g ke liye 8266042585 my number please call me ok hot sexy girl 8266042585 my number please call me ok

Haramkhor thumbnail acha bana 
Why did you write wrong information in the Thumbnail

My favourite

xx
Beautiful jodi
Like
Fake news

Sala mule h
Who is here after seeing the thumbnail 
Bakwaas
Ne s

Jhutt

Kjjhhi

Kjjjkll
CT

Very  good  jongi

c
Haha

Nice

Op

Nice

Very nice very beautiful beautiful Jodi
what is wrong with this
Scattered black hair, thick long hair, your eyes are very beautiful, pink lips, smiling face, you look very smooth dear, you are very beautiful, your teeth are shining like pearls.
Hello

Okay. Ropar call me back Rajesh Kumar 8360222150
Who would have written such a beautiful thumbnail of Besrami? Where is the account of Haramkhor?
Details

Hello, without Kajol, without Ajay Devgan, a complete video can be made, I will get one comment, yes or no, it is beneficial for them, their habit is bad, they have also become beggars, that is why they have ordered us to make this video, what do you mean by UN people?
Chutiya

J

Sabase no. 1 jodi
Best Jodi

II
mukesh.patel.friend.friend.
This couple looks so good
Brilliant speech

Why is he misguiding people with the title of the funny video?
That's why there is no such thing.
It is useful for people to apply the masala of evil to extract their own side, you bastard dogs 
My favourite jodi

Good
Xxxssz&#39;z

thanks for sharing.

Very nice   jodi

Nambr 1

Hello

Roj krtaaa that ka kiyaa mtlb, tu nahiii krte ho roj salaaa tital sudhhhr
Nice Jodhi

Who is it?????
Hi️
OMG kya mast video hai  mujhe v same karna hai koi hai jo mere sath ye sab kuch kare but kisiko na bataye 
These people show something else and tell something else.. Why who agrees with this?
Nice

Hindi movie watch online free watch later today if possible please send

Hi

even a little
Very nice

Tell something about other Heros like sharukh khan

Umeshkumar mahato

Fake news

Ye chanel walei jhuthei aur kuttei jain
Tanuja wanted to make her daughter's house her own.
Ajay sir weds kajol mem  couple  is super fantastic

Sharok,sir,Ka,shat,bhi,kajul,ki,Jodi,Acha,lagtha,ha,

Bhut,Achi,ha,Jodi,ha,

7

Ajay kajal best couple ️️
Rong information

They don't do anything for Shatabdi channel, they write anything, tell them anything, just like and share and less by comment, it means that it doesn't matter what we say in the comment.
So nice jodi

Pagal

kya karte roj
Nice

You are writing spring, or you are writing it again, your thoughts are disappearing. Crazy mental.
Love

Use by

Pahle bataye nahi to ab husband ki beijjat karna bakwas

The dog eats and eats and eats and eats bastards.
Tumhe koi or chapter nhi mila

Sale

Hi

Nice

nice couple 
India.media.is.exactly.100%.mental.n.silly.doggy.alsoanother.job

Ha

what a dick
Saale title chutiye sahi kar chutiye
jodi salamat rahe
shut the fuck up
It's a false story!
Hii

I don't want to change my title.
It's raining. Both of them are thinking...this is how it is with me...
0yyyyvvgf
Hello,        Actually we are hiring 10 serious and dedicated person for this work from your area,No Investment in this businessIt&#39;s Part time and Full time work.Training facilities also available.Whatsapp  8290566693

U0

Mayur

More and more videos are shown in the thumbnail.
7 hi

Report this gusy ..it&#39;s fake

Devgan &amp; Kajol ni Jodi Achhi He. T hanks Very nice Jodi.
Everything seems to be of no use, it's ok.
Nothing has happened to Sharuk
Sabikaran

Saala headline one more story and dog
Best pair
Chutiya

Mujhe Kajol ke sath Shah Rukh Khan ache lagte hain

It is a request to all Bhojpuri watching brothers to watch the video by touching the blue line and I am a resident of a small village <a href=""> href="">
Good

Good

Kute kamine how many youth bolte ho
8i

Jodi is very good
Very nice jodi

Good jodi
Nice

Write something for publicity.
Ajay Devgn Kajol
Good pair, both are good. The character of Subhedar Tanaji Malusare has been beautifully portrayed. Namaskar, thank you for doing such work with love and good luck.
When you were born, your father would have eaten it, how could you have eaten it so fast?
 loda le le mera
K

8601832013

Which metal man's wedding tune is used?
PayPal h tu

To galt kya h tuuke

Thumbnail why did you enter like this brother?
Why did the bastard say that Ajay has done less harm? Or Roz Karta, what is all this written?
9867805371

Why are you so interested in seeing?
Teri to sale harami

You are foolish .

Very nice

I don't care about you.
Pagal sala Kuchh Bhi headline deta hai abhi Tu mere Samne Hota  To Tu  Ek thappad Katha

Tu ustime dekha tha hack karun kya

His love marriage. ️best couple.. 
Jodi Superhit
Such incidents should not be said to anyone.
Bullshit video...money making nonsense
What's the matter with you?
This heroine did the best work.
what a joke
Amazon

Cmments k bàad b videos hatayi nahi...salute tunhe or tumhari sahan shakti ko....

Jitni gali likhu utni km h teri is hedding k liye

Best jodi
bhangar video
wish
Good couple

Yes

nice cuple

Anil kumar

Chutiya Hall
Abe sale

Very.very nice video hai ️️️️️
Jodi 
good

ⁿⁿ
Nice jodi
Koi Chutiya Tera tha  mil kya hai gandu kyun karte hai hai
Chutiya sala kuch bhi lekhta hey thumbnail pey

K h o babli tred
Total kuch aur video kuch total fake

Nice

<a href="">shorturl.ca/girl77porne6hc

</a>











look to surprise the nose, after a long with Rajan says that people think we have 
An unidentified man is suddenly taken to a series in front of a man named Restaurant.
What the Hell Sherry He Couldn't Come To, He Miss Car
number 1 pair
Jhuute
3rd



Badiya

You people are the creation of worthless dicks.
B hip fguuuu8
your pagel h
H

U

BBBkkkk️ l  Love  you
60th birthday Jio

very good

Super Jodi
Chutiya h
Perfect jodi
Best couple

Lovda

To
Ok

Beautiful Jodi

a lot more
i
Faltu video

we care about the movie
Sharuk Sala said the city is
sale juthe
You can put any heading to show the video…..
Nice jodi
the pair of both is very good
Yjjhďþ
best jodi ajay and kajol

Kajol and Shahrukh Khan best jodi Kajol and Ajay Devgan 
.

Pue

Jodi khub jamti hay
Where is the scene I used to do everyday in this, he is making boss's cunts go away?
Speciallist: done-done, love-marriage, step-in-law's sorrow, getting rid of enemy, vashikaran, obstruction in marriage, discord between husband and wife, love related, desired love, love marriage, convincing angry lover, convincing parents for marriage, lover vashikaran Girlfriend Vashikaran, Husband-Wife Vashikaran, Son-Enemy Mukti, every difficult to difficult problem of your life will be solved for sure. We solved all your problems Whatsapp +91-8824145589
Abe sale isme galat kya h bee

Ohhhhhhhoooo
q
I like it

bahuramar
Tere ho gye shdi mrko ne lgta tere hogi ho gye h to chlegi ne
<a href="">shorturl.ca/xxxbadoom235

</a>





This Judy Stevenson no he cried
No

Sala dikhata khuch hai batata khuch he fake video wale

Haram khor tujhe to jel me Jana chahiye a is a vedio Banat a hai

Good couple.Not heard any adverse about them.Happy family life.

Likhte kuch or hai batate kuch or hai

They are both good couple. Kajal is lucky. Ajay is also lucky
Bhoot too much
,

Home Service Facility ------////-----///------ 【07224083079】We have brought home service facility for you (100% confidential) The woman who lives alone at home, If you are a widow or a divorcee, whose husband lives outside the city and you wish to have sex but for some reason you are not able to do so, then you can message or call us anytime on WhatsApp. I assure you that we will Whatever happens will be kept completely confidential and if you wish, this facility will also be a home service facility for you. Try my 10000% responsibility of fulfilling your every wish. Your happiness will return again.  07224083079.
We have always liked the pair of Kajol and Shahrukh Khan and today.
If you also want to meet me then please subscribe to my channel. <a href="">
I see

Nice

Ammi

This is the best marriage and no actress will be married.
nice

What is the thumbnail used for? What is the main meaning?
If you make a wrong video then you don't feel like a jerk.
So nice jodi

kill nonsense
Jhut bolna Band karo

Correct
ledijcallxx8879292408
You are crazy. Ho kuch v chap dato hai
No

Are Kuch bi year bar bar Ka MATLAB

Ganjadi Nashedi Bevade
Why are you using this dirty language in your log?
Dislike

Faltu ki video Kyu banate Ho

Waiste of time

Vvgvg

My fvrt jodii

Number and good luck with your friends

it is fake
Good jodia
)m

Ahshay, both of them are making Ghosi or both of them are making Ghadi..Wah.
Jagdamb
Good Jodi

Jhut he ye

My fan

Yes

V Good. Have faith each other.

Did you make a false video, did you make any video?
In truth, I have applied for publicity, how much can I say, how much can I say...or like who does it, I don't care..how stupid are you?
Very beautiful like this, she wants shaadi jeevansathi
Don't you guys have any other work?
Fhaltu tha

Lovely couple ️ &amp; my favorite jodi
No

I lover Ajay or Kakol

H

View this thumbnail and report it.
.   .

Saloo kuch bii mtlb Kya likha tha rooj karta tha



Hii

Mib

Come enjoy youth and subscribe the channel.
faltu log media
Here bikkukacba nahikegti
Sexx

Saale
Chutiya

J

By making this video I did not get anything except you Galiya.
Bi

chutiya ho
That dog looks wrong
Stupid

Report all videos
Both of you have fun, Jodi Bhai
make up
Inper case karna chaiye
Hi

Bakwas

Ajay is so sexy

Byzxvbbc of kk usDv

Sale to is my coming pile bigger than the food
hm ullu na bna

H

Office romance<a href="">

battamiz kahi kahi
Nice

Good

Ajeeb Sa Poster Daal ke aur Kutte Title Me Kya Lika Hai... Double Meaning...
Sale film actsr yesa hota hy,,,

Hii

You liked the video
Nice

<a href="">shorturl.ca/lovesexslustf13

</a>





I felt a rough hand on his forehead
Sharuk Khan. Kajal best jodi
Bakwas

You write such dirty things
Teri...... Ka

I don't like Kajol and Shahrukh Khan's pair very much.
Cute couple
Sala kutta harami
What did you write in the video, what did you tell us, who will make such a video and who will watch that video, tell me about the royal video, brother.
Of your mother's material
No no
Bakwas video

Great Jodi

9784827748

Oh friend do bass
Kya bakwas chutiya video bane wala
Very bad Video.

86209 87209 whatsapp

what is the wrong word
Sale ab apnl bahn karde tu
Why don't you go on the road or get no less?
Why are you wearing khadi?
T

Happy your maried

The most amazing video is Kamina Kahan's
Bakwas vidio

Very nice Jodi 
Hi

Is me ganda kya tha kuch v bolte ho

How good are you O Mother..O Mother.. <a href="">
Impossible ajay is best

wawawa we also showed you the food
Good

Bos dk MC
Not intersted
sister's dick
Very very nice, Jodi and Kajal look very HOT even today.
Same
Very nice

dogs never bark
Kutte games
WwwbfvideoOnce upon a time<a href="">Thank you - Wiktionary<a href="">Thank you - Wiktionary<a href="">Thank you - Wiktionary
Bheda saram nahi ata
There was difficulty in sleeping alone, hence Kajol got married so that she could sleep with someone close to her. She was not able to sleep properly.
Bhut acchi jodi h
Bolte kuch or karte kuch or hai

Brother, now you will be happy with fake report.
J

Poster pe galat na likhaa kro bhaiiKmm se kmm kuch to sharam kroAgar report hoggii to phir...

Kamina kahi ka log jute se marenge
This mother will make you grow
scoundrel
Nice  couple.

Bev kuf sale madal kidde pade tuje
Chutiye

Lampblack
Very good

Yeh video banane baqat sharan nahi aayi
There is no such Kush
Cut to
Pafect jodi
Best

Chodu shu banavto hato

X,.

 Why do you open this channel to see and like it?
Sala kutta...
Sab YouTube ka durupyog kar rhe sale

What kind of things are you doing to get the likes of your blog? Don't show any respect to anyone at least. Kajol is my favorite. I said something wrong about him, so you understand that you are a fool
Very nice Jodi Kajol and Ajay Devgan
You people are not ashamed of making fun of someone.
Mananhikarkaskatkhaleti
Bavli gand h ky sale ky bol ra h ky karna chata h

Kitni jhuthi kahani bta rhe ho tum chhii

Kaa bee kush bhi bolta hain

Nice. To. Nice

Very nice jodi

Tu Tu 5

Chutiyaaaa...

<a href="">shorturl.ca/lovesex364easmr

</a>





Because Dr. George turned Billy back
wish
Sala kuta h
Love birds .beautyfull family.god bless ur family
Very nice very  best

Abe vosdi k sale bolta kux he or dikhata kux or 

Hii

Give me such a title brother
Nice best Jodi
Jodi no 1
What kind of head lines are you giving? About actor actress log. so funny
Super

Sub bad charter kee hai so i have bycott all films except nana patakar

PublicityDon&#39;t believe in news unless said by the person itself.

U r useless man stop  your channel
Z

I like u kajol nd ajay devgan

Kya bakwas Kar rahe ho

sarukh or kajol ka Jodi ache hai
Budha u ra killer.why r u showing fake vdo
I

Ajay and kajal bahut sundar jondi

<a href="">shorturl.ca/loveesex243cumxx

</a>





He leaned back in his chair
Beas

Dhramesh Valvai
@

Nice Jodi hai dono ki
WTF 
Side gande
Bhut khrab tha

Nhi

Give decent tittles please

Abe sale chutiya

Faltu bats k time barwad krts sa.e

Blockong you for such stupid video

All type problem solve husband wife problem marriage love marriage vashikaran extramarital affair get your love back any problem solve 9915222131

All type problem solve husband wife problem marriage love marriage vashikaran extramarital affair get your love back any problem solve 9915222131

Worst couple in bollywood.

How delicious are you brother...
sexy kojal
Nice

Such a log is the only way to earn money.
Have you liked it or what are you saying?
No comment
Chutiye sale.... Bakwas new

Whatever host BC is doing now
Number one Jodi hai
Report karta hoon teri

Nice

Inko black karo, bakwas karte hain yeh namak harami

Q bdnam krte ho kisi ko

Jail me band ho jaye ga faltu ki bate likhe ga to pagal

Stupid’s cheap tactics to fool public have some shame

Mast jodi
Report karo ise spam or miss leading

Nonsense,, are you mad or kind 
teyi gave this chooo
Where did the revelation come from? Do not kill the boar and take it to the level.
Publicity ke liye kuch b video bnate faltu log...

Nice Jodi Ajay &amp; Kajol
Ramkumaryadav

भाग चुतिया
He is making fun by reporting these videos.
Bill is completely useless. Jori hai
Thumbnail mein key limbs hair BC
Shut up, you're too much, Tera
Shut up, you're too much, Tera
Chinal ke bache

Chutmarika

Bhadve

Bhisdike

Bhadve

Bhankeland

Thank you
It is fake

9060407160

aapka sound to ftta hua baash h

Salo video paisa kyu likhte ho ki kisi me bhi maang liya karo aur shayari katora hai
Report this video as spam and misleading.. sexual abusive..

What a bad thing you have done, Ajay sir, will you even bark something to like the bastard's sale? No one should like this bastard's video or report against him.
you bastard
You bastards
Full body massage . M=8450973838

Bakeas band karo

Ajay kajol best couple
Why don't you say yes, please keep me happy, don't save me.
I like the pair of ladies Ajay Kajol cute
Is Indian media so stupid?
Banana of your sister and mother
Batmij is not the daughter of the mother of the house. Look why you are talking like this.
I want you to say something, friend
Do you spread any rumor just to get like your log?
I don't want to see or write much.
No

Nice

L9lololollllllllolololoplllololollloll

Kajol ne panga laleya  sade ker ke
I speak something else, I write something else.
You are the first person to know how to write a pen.
Aap log ye sab kya lekh tey ho faltoo boltey kuch aur ho is ley aisa na lekhtey take har koi padkar janna chahey ga ki Sach hi kya aap is ley Likh tey ho taki log vedo deykhey

No no
Kya

That pass is of no use
Everyone is not like this, show even the latest news.
Madher chod fake news

Pair No.1
Terdai Chudav Shaal Cash Insert Video
bekar video
Hhhahhah

Institute number 1 jodi

J

Mast maaaal hhh
Bhag

Yadav ji
Super

P

7068593452

Aajjoo nnnn pure night maze dungi 
You have proved that people are all rubbish...
BC likhta kuch ho btata kuch ho

Abe. peak. Yes. What?
Made for each other Ajay sir and kajol maam

Only a few will make Chutiya, the collector will make only a few 
The pairing of both is tremendous.
, thanks gugal

Comedy

Saram kr le kuch to dusre Ki bahan Beti K bar m Galat likh h jb khud K K sath gi tb Tn ye PTA Chal J ga Ki ye bat Galat likh rkhi h tn

Name to tn Lena nhi ata hat

Fucking news...lol
Why are you diverting people's attention?
Chutiya dikhata kuchh or hei nikalta kuchh or hei

I Iike Kajol

Best jodi
Paagal

1 dislike for thumbnail  and don&#39;t subscribe 

chutia video

<a href="">shorturl.ca/lovesexx132rxlady

</a>





Do you know where?
All the captions on such news are like this only...as if there is something very secretive they are going to tell...so that the viwer will open the link out of curiosity..just see the caption in some link ..Ye krte the papa hamare sath mammi k baad

It would be better to listen to the voice of a poor person, why is it not surprising?
Put the thumbnail upside down and ask why the mother or the sister are being abused. What will they do to earn money? Brother, mother should be abused by the daughter.
you like it brother
Bollywood's best and most successful Jori is Kajol's.
Hey bastard, he used to say this every day that he is making jokes by giving headlines. What's the matter, he used to tell me straight, that's why he got married.
Bhen da laan sala video ban wala
Vary nice jodhi

Sahru khan no like i like ajy kajal jodhi no .1
Ye jode no.1 he bhi

You should enjoy your teases like this one.
All compartments
Bakwas dikha te kuch ho or bta te kuch ho

Chutia- Title kuch, matter kuch
Your mother's grain
Hi

Saale saram karo teri bahan ke saath to esko sane dekha tha esliy apne to sadi nhi kari or Kajal ko karni padi kyoki es. Se teri bahan ejjat bach gae

No 1 Jodi h Kajol Ajay Devgan ki
What have you done?
Hi

Very nice video

Faltu vedio my share kr jhootha h tu sale

Good news very nice

randi jaisi video more
Sale gandu
Chutiya inshan..,Sidhe sidhe baata na..Ghuma phirake q bata raha hai bc

madahar choad
Learn Vashikaran Black magic solution  call  9833186345 Whatsaap

Hi

Yeda lavda
Tumare upor case korna chaiye. Harami
9650711591

To saala ek number ka chutiya hai...Kuch bhi banayega to get like and share..kindly unsubscribe to this blog's Ghatiya channel.
Chhutia

Because of the victory of you, Corona came and the viruses spread.
What do you want to do to make the fool worse?


You are stupid and...you will remain stupid...and who else will you defame?
Nice jodi ajey sir
साल चुतिया
Bhai ESe h video banate rho m apko spot kruga bhai mushe apka number mil Sakta h bhai please

<a href=""></a>
Kajol black se white kaise ho gayi

Bkwas u fuck

Sexxyyyy
Chutiye hai tu

Nice1

Tari firm hands
shut up vosdi ke
<a href="">

This heroine doesn't do anything to me because I haven't seen her film.
Chal sala chutia video bnane wala

I wasted 10 minutes on this much useless battery.
sexy video
Very bad title!

The best actress in the film industry
Very nice chapels

Sale pagal hai to uaski wife hai kuch bhi kare

The bastards who make such videos are idiots.


Bakwasss

Bhosdi's YouTube channel is also becoming popular day by day.
did you say anything
I mean, you guys should feel ashamed.
Is chennel wale ki bahen he kajol q q apni bahen pe aisa video bana raha h

Tera channel unsubscribe katta hum kya banaya yea video hawa
These two are the best couple
Leke kk
Ajay or kajal nice

Bdiya hnn dono
What did you tell me?
7773825260

nonsense
Jhoota

Mother, father did not teach you how to behave, you bitch.
Nice jodi
Tu neech h re
Tora Bajan's fuck
Tum chennal wale bahut  mc hote h is liye

Bhosado Choudha Se Bane Se
Nice jidi
Dalle's time will also be reduced
To sale tone roj karta hai he keu likha

mahipal singh nagar
I like their voice very much
No babe
Thumbnail is different and video is different
Today I will post this post to beat Jodi's future.
Guo

dog aa ke aa
Devgan has come in the name of Bhosadi. What did Galat do? Hai
Jodi achi he
Zero
Did the right thing
Take care of yourself mithe
7041471419

Pagal

Muh band kar apna posdi ke

You cheated
News chennal chalate ho likhte kuch or ho or dikhate kuch or ho saram karo

bhajan ji
Nice

sister's take
Chutiye again never make a video like this Lode si video.. Starting I told you why Lode video is being made or on which topic?
Ajay sir or Kajol ki bhoot mast jodi hai Ajay devgan ki bhoot big fan To kaun kaun ajay devgan ki fan hai
 Experience with IMAX Projector sale and earn money.

Call Boy job karna hai to WhatsApp karo girl job karna hai to WhatsApp karo 9955938114

gegd
Nice Jori
There is no age limit for Ajay Devgan.
muju pick

Niece
A.J ko ganda kyu kaha bhai tune
Gandu khna Kya chahta  he tu

Nice jodi
Tri maa saala ye cupel sbse best hai ok btmiz
don't post nonsense videos
Bakwas h ye sab

Why should there be a new channel band?
Why do you keep such a beautiful name on you tube?
A case should be made against this logo.chhi
How did you see that mad cod?
Maiya me jodo

You don't know much, you are talking nonsense.
How

Pagal ho kya...likhte kuch batate kuch...

Are pagl
Tufan alam
Bskwas kutha

Chup chotiya

Shut up

Very nice

Jodi salamat remain my friend
Chutya

Ullu ke paththe ho tumhein Paida Karane ke liye ki Thee Shaadi .

Why a u Disturb.all Person.ok.

Best couple 
!

Best jodi hai ji
Pahle se dosti thi

What dirty thing is he coming to me?
it looks like this
What have you told me about Kajol?
Mental video

Achhanahi lagatahai
Tor MAA k geheti re magiha
Abe heading kitni valgar dalte ho uper se fake news dikhate ho

What is the big thing in this donkey?
kamina kutta
Very nice

Ask your father why he married your wife.
LADKIAN KARWANEKE LIYE TADAPTEHEN AUR AP ROTEHO DARSE---????

.

Loda

Chuti hi too
Jut he

Nicc

Neelesh kumar jaat boy. 9410089127. 8630595642
What does Abe Loveday write and what videos does he make?
V good jodi.    I m fan.     Ajy
What is this fraud perpetrated by these mullahs?
Anv Bollywood masala Chanel ki maa chud ti the roj alag alag larko k sath dekhiye video kud is Chanel k dwara

Why do you add thumbnail for sale?
Beggar, you are the neighbor's child.
Best jodi
So brother, why are you burning? Can't you see anyone having a happy family?
Hramkhor or no less is available for sale and snap video is available.
Ajay Devgan is best

Go out at the first opportunity.
How dare you

I fucked you so much
Ajay Devgan turned out to be very helpless.
Good life Ajay Kajol Actior

Jabe

chutiya hai kuch bhi

Which bastard's child will point a finger at others? You are everyone's father who knows about everyone for years that he is our slave.
kαjσl nahí kαjαl
Kajal and Ajay Devgan's pair looks very amazing
That's all that remains to be seen
You guys are crazy yourself and you make others crazy you idiots*<b>*</b>
Vary good

<a href="">

Sun be Ch***tiye pehle is information ka source bata kuch bhi bakwas kar raha hai

Shahrukh chutiya jess dikshya hai
Saley....haraamiyan...kutte....zaleelon
Very good shadi

Tayrr e maa ke coot kay vedio bhanaya h
Yes video banana song de Teri Maa Bhi Shadi Kya Kiya Karcha Batage
Kaushal Kumar my favorite hero is Ajay Devgan
I think your mother also forced me to marry you
The dog writes a lot on video and shows a lot and what a bastard you write.
V nais
Sale tu ne likha tho kuch or tha

Best jodi
Good

Livtay one ani dakhvtay one
Srk ne bohat choda h kajol ko

Face news...Ajay and Kajol met in movie Gundaraj for the very first time

Etna ganda shurume p likhte ho
Ye log battmeez hi honge
Video

Video

nice Jodi

There is a limit to silence too!
Wow

Jodi is very good
What are your likes?
can tell anything
Lost b
He is talking nonsense just to get the likes of his channel.
Shutup
What's the difference?
Voliem

batamij
Vrey good

You guys keep posting some news just to make money.
Ohhhh what a bt h
Oh my god!
Gandu bhan chond
What kind of human being are you? You don't feel even a little bit ashamed of posting a bad title about someone.
Bak dog
Nalayak hi tu halkat hi.. title kitna gandha dia.. Ajay best hi..
What bad thing have you done to earn the bastard money that you will stoop so low to even look at the actor's name?
Kyukya he ye

This YouTube's only need is money and popularity.
Battamij ho sarifo ko badnam KR rhe h sale

My fav actor ajay devgn
Ms. jori h
Sale gndi heading ku dalte ho baro
The silent boy's hair has said nothing.
It is true that a lot of ink or kajal is added to it.
Nice jodi super
Beautifulls coupls

Best jodi h
Nice kjol and ajay

Nice godhi
MC isme Ajay, what a wonderful thing he did….
What did you say to Chutiye? Ajay Devgan said to Bata Donkey like this.
Chutia tha yaa chutia ka course tha tha
Be quiet, I have just spoken.
To divorce de shakti this bkbas krne ki ka zrurt thi

Shame on video maker

What nonsense are you saying?
Nonsense kute
I don&#39;t like this jodi
