ZoasbocsbwjbdkqbBxksnksd
Ok
those who are listening at the time of heavy workout  rise a like

And or I
I thought it was Brazilian music from Brazil

P

Who will see the reels of these songs or that too in 2024?
Who will plant the pot?
Honey Singh 580 million

 ham
Old was gold 

Who suddenly remember this song and came here 

No one makes vibe like yo yo honey Singh now a days those are children&#39;s

 this kind of music simple but boombass...superb job yo yo pajji...rabb rakha...

Zyan bhai
Honey Singh fans attend please

Op

This is sing so hot omyyy godddd 
Kis

2024 m kon kon aaya hai like please

Who has come from Bangladesh?
Aag bhi
Who is seeing you in 2024?
One only one Indian 🇮🇳 Hip Hop  King no1 legendry goat Yo yo 🇮🇳 trending honey Singh 
Yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ️
Who came to watch which reels?






Ma sunraha
Who will sing in 2024?
Kon kon 2024 sun rahe ho 

I am also like this.
Legend my favourite rape ke janak
Won a only  yo yo  honey sing

ha

We have come to remember or see from the past.
It's cool and I'm very excited 
who is the legend seeing it in 2024 

BAAP of all rappers yo yo honey singh hai kya bolti public 
Hamare Bhai ka sadi hai our ham ye na sune to kya sune

Only one yo yo

I love honey singh 

from 2024

Who is excited for Love Dose 2?
Bluetooth era 
Me too 

Yoyo 
Vai bohat 

OMG look like

Nagma

Neha's future is bright if she stays with honey paji 
Who will sing this song in 2024 
Who is listening this on board time 

Cake IDR dekh

Ej
Who loved this song 

Sandeepji 
What does it mean when the year is smooth?
Haney sing means fire

King of whole music industry 🇳🇵

579 million  Power of Honey Singh music

Who is listening to this song in 2024?
Oooo

Any one in 2024 ?

Honey Singh is like no one else 
Mee

You have to accept that..  Neha only sing well when he collaborate  with honey paji

This  song  is  very  nice  and very  fine  do the

I listen this song in 2024

Mast song
So beautiful song 
Tuk Tuk no khela hai sikdha chakka de lagane de -Rinku singh hai 
saiyaan ji saamne bhate jaam peere peere 
Who will be the sun in 2024?
Neha Kakkar be like

Is song me sannyliony ko hona chanhinye tha

Nice  video

Nice  video 
Koi mujhe shot ki location bataa shakta hai

So nice
Kya soyenge be Hani Singh ka song banaya aapane?
OMG 
Op
With the promotion of ubon
Yo Yo Honey Singh rap ka dugaar  Bluetooth king 
Legent 2024 watch come in 
Yo yo Honey singh The man The Myth The Legend 

Today my birthday no one said birthday
Osmm

Honey Singh ko kon kon pasand karta hai or Honey Singh ka song kon pasand karta hai like karo

Imagine how famous that man would be if he reached 500 M viewers but couldn't make a comeback.
Saax

Not sidhu legend  honey paji legend  what is coming in my mind 
Dadru's upper song banana which one learns from honey 
2024-02-13 Raise your hand 

Itne khud T series ke subscribers nhi jitne honey paji ke song ke views हैगोगा power of Bluetooth King ★★★★★
Yar ma b sunne aya ho spicel
Hony + neha =
Fire

2024 Who is the Sunne Wala-?
Quickly complete 1k likes
Power of yoyo honey singh

vik ki ki pi pi
Who is listening in 2025 
Jay Shree Ram
2024 attendance here 

Mujh ko hahahaha

Meri tarah kon kon reel deek hai haiDesi artiste is back 
Which reels are there to watch?
I feel like drinking alcohol and listening to it.
Anyone to here 2024           Power of Honey paji 
I love you

2024 still listening legends
Anyone is here 2024

Love

2024 ??

Honey paji 
F

Masterpice in 2024 ️‍
Sister-in-law doesn't even know this 
What song do I say, my friend?
nice

Who is listening to this song in 2024?
Anyone hearing in 2024️
Legends listening this song in 2024 also and still a masterpiece Who Is listening is 2024 

Kyai is  keeping 

Good 
Have fun singing..
Honny paji
Rasbari

2024 per anyone here

Honey singh song is superb.......                           Honey singh lovers like
Addiction 
Who is the sun in 2024?
this song on tv
King of bluetooth era ️ Nobody cam exchange him 
Com back from Honey Singh

Ustaad hit us with his ad.
Yoyo
My favourite singer yo yo honey Singh

me me
Papi nhi badshah ka papa bolo
Anyone here in 2024?

Ya yo yo ka comeback nahi to kiya yar
Anyone 2024 legends like karo 
Superstar is back 

Nice
Who is seeing me in 2024?
King  looks good
3 years anniversary of this song!!!! Congrats Yoyo Honey Singh&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Keep going on!!!!!

Unique :musicUnique:Kali Unique:kulukkamUnique:figure Unique:peacessYoyo honey single
Who remember this song suddenly in 2024 and came here to listen ?

3 year ago in 27/1/2024

Anyone in 2024
Yjrud7u3d u3h68c35
Meri papoka ghara bhar geya Thora sa bacha hain Baki Mera girlfriend bhar dega main aji bharunga papoka ghara
This song was very much famous in our online classess during covid ..  In quarantine 

Who is going to sing and be the sun in 2024 
Hany sing rock
Nice

Yo Yo Honey Singh The power This song hits  at my heart in 2024
Yo yo honey Singh 

2024 anyone 
Who here is 2024 ? 

To whom did this song come to mind? Or should I watch it again?
In2024 anyone

Honey Singh's songs come to mind instantly and can't be stopped without listening.
Round 2 Hell Wale Like Kare 

2024..??????
Nehha kill it
2024
no one talking bout how amazing Nushrratt was, the look, her aura, the dance moves everything was ON POINT

2024 ... 
Kon kon is song ko 2024 me sun rha h like kre

How many likes will this flag get?
Jdjdjdhdxfhud
The feeling when you win lots of money in dream 11

Yo yo hony sing father of Badshah 

Me

Same to you 
I don't subscribe to T series but I don't have any views on this song ??? king
Yoyohoneysingh 

258M views  Power of  honey Singh 
2024 nahi all time rap song boss 
Who the hell said there was no comeback
veer
Hamko

Who will sing this song in 2024?
I miss you️️
What is the name of the song?
Super bass 
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for finding the right papi 
Anyone 2024 ?

6.5M LIKES ️
Sunday

Who will never forget this song
Mee 
Me me 
Me..

2024 ki entry do abhiiiiii eeee 

2024 Wale attendance lagate Jana ???
tuk tuk khele ge
I love you my hony shing

This music  is the best 

2024
2024 here 
Which tune remains on repeat 
2024
Mara Dil Ko Raha Raha
258
Where was neha????????????????

<a href="">1:35</a> line is my favourite lines 

Who was suddenly remember to this song in the year of 2024 and come here to listening!!️️‍

2024

What is w double e t . Weet

4 bottle vodka = padshas whole career Kon a bat manta hai?



2024 anyone...??? 

Op

Who is this song in 2024?
OMG Bawa Jee phar Kay Rakh diiii 
Kon kon hai 2024me
Chalo jaldi jaldi 2024 vaale like krdo 
Love you and the

Super song 
2024 like here
I might not like the lyrics much but the music beat is like fire 

Hm
2024
Jane of Jane's two bodies, you will also think of getting off me Jane of 
Main tohLlaal Peeli Akhiyaan I saw the teaser of Shahid Kapoor song because I felt the same beat.
Ultra pro max legends are watching in 2024 

2 years of this song man What a masterpiece and 2024 wale like doo 

Banger
I am like you
Kon kon 2024 me plzi love yo yo
Kun kun is watching this song in 2024
Whose comeback is not happening?
Ok.
2024 me ye song kis kis ko pasand hai 

2024 who sings?
2k24
2024 ️‍
Chicken
gayeGegeDyelb2Syefso3D dyde ux dzis xxEtw eE ei3vggsijhwwhvw ejjjjebewwkjsjjnnnjjjnjnjhjhj eh dh dye xyeDhe xhe dh.dve eEhe eEe eje e ek euehiz s
श्रीDteDgdDuevr dude xiegsu eiFwDdgwie। Due die due xuwfsjj2 डीs she dhse xj
Honey singh nam nai brand hai

Jatindersinghoberoi brown eyes Sunday patiala house ️ 5063 India neet

Am I sir ...?
Yo yo is best

Im

2024 with honey singh 
I  m

Tonny Kakkar Be Like......Abbe Yea To Mera Lyrics Hai

Who is listening to this song in 2024 
600M soon

2024 listener present here 

Who is listening to this song in 2024?
Music Industry King Yo Yo Honey Singh ️
No One Can Beat Yo Yo Honey Singh 
How many logs can I like my comment <a href="">2:15</a>
2024 what's next?
Mai bhi

???
2024 attendance pls
nice song  yo yo honey singh is best singer 
Me doing the garmi dance by listening to this song 

Yo yo honey singh 2024
But

Sitll wathing in 2024

A message to the future generations..Don’t let this masterpiece song die..

Who 2024 sun rahehe
Camment readers come here

Have you remembered the bade of 1 sale?
2024

Very nice song

Legend Honey Singh
Who will you like in 2024? Like 
Yoyo jo sunra with childhoodlike kro
2024 vale

Who are you listening to in 2024 
Who are honey singers fan please like my comment and say yo yo honey Singh

Honey is better than badshah

Shingh is always king

Ye song sarabi logo  rahta hoga  unke shat bahut hota h 

Anyone 2024 ?

Anyone 2024?

Hony bhai,,, big fan2024/1/1
Cvrfdjc
what is a good vibe song️
Who is the son of 2024?
Who is this song in 2024 
This song is better than me

2024

Sala itna Hato joa khail

To whom did you sing and come and listen?
Who has missed this song or should you watch it 
Kon kon 2024 aya hai
Honey Singh is super singer 

Hony hony pa ji ji ji 
8 to 17 yo yo paji still on top

Fire  paaji
Yo yo paji ka 2024 turned out to be the best, please like it 
Honey Singh ole song ghod fhader

Abhi ye song sabko pasand aaraha hai 

Yo Yo fans 2024 Yo Yo.
Kamal ha yaar?
My favourite songs

Honey Singh is not Just name he is our emotions 

This guy looks like a friend named David no joke. Lel

Legend are watching in 2024

Muja

Brazil
This honey Singh looks better than present one

Who is listening to this song in 2024?
Neha kakkar mani agun
Happy New Year darling t
Anyone 2024??

Brazilian music




I&#39;m 

Hotness ka baksa hai ye. WdoubleEd

Legend and brilliant your song 

loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee thissssssssssssssss yo yo honey songs never get someone bored

Hello

Hi

Ary honney singh ny b tonny kakkar ka jhoota kha lia h kya jo itna repeat kr rhy lyrics ye to wo krta h 
Me



Yo yo honey singh + Lil golu =  Fire
Who from 2023 like here 

 check this check
Aag lagane de 
🇩🇴I don't understand but I like it greetings from a Dominican 🇩🇴🇩🇴 greetings from India
Plzz ...... Use headphones  
It&#39;s a Banger 
Royal vibe

574 million Yo Yo
Who will be watching in 2024?
My naughty brother 
Who is listening to this song in 2024?
Hi

Tra baap ko

Super
King of honey singh

2023

BLUE 
Old Hani sing

Hm yrr 
574 million views and 6.5 million likes and few people are yet to make a comeback.
I love you beBu 
Daddy daddy
Who has come to read the comments?
Must ️️
Brother, today I found out that this song is from Honey Paji
 lo
me bhi

Babe ki cht yo yo

I have just arrived in 2023. Who is watching at the end?
Nice song yo yo honey Singh
May bhe

Next song kab aayega yoyo paji n neha mam ka  I'm waiting...
Which song is being sung in 2024 
Wonderful 
Hi 
Poor ubon speaker won&#39;t even produce slight bass 
Nice Song Dance Hony Singh

Starting bdi pyari h..papi papi wali bs wahi sunane liye hu leti full song
Me 
Me

Yo yo legend

Anybody in 2024?????????????????????

super song
Legend legend hi hota ha,
Who has come to see on Instagram?
You are spreading Ubon sir 
575 m yo yo...
Super song 
Neha+Yoyo=
I see this fort daily where shoot is done 

Aye pappi  pappi pappi  sab yahi pappi
@yo yo honey paji may bolrahi from Bangladesh Big fan bro please replay me 
Hume pasand hai

Jane after Jane saw the cars running away from each other.
Top

My favourite song 

Kon 2024 me bhi sunra he 

yo yo fun
Same bro

I just came to check Bluetooth.
Baadshah ka Father come Back 
Mubashir Aliho Bhai jan

Good song
Nehu's voice
YoYo Honey Singhaaaaa

Mujy

<a href="">0:27</a>
Tumne ho jaye to Bhai ga ke dekhvo

Legend honeysingh  rap ka bap

I love you song
LovE 
Kis kis ko lag raha hai ki iss song lyrics written by Tony Kakkar ???
Who will be alive in 2023 <a href="">2:31</a> <a href="">2:33</a> 
Love you paji 
Saiyaan Ji Lyrics – Yo Yo Honey Singh x Neha Kakkar Saiyaan Ji Lyrics by Yo Yo Honey Singh ft. Neha Kakkar is Latest Hindi song sung by Yo Yo Honey Singh, Neha Kakkar and this brand new song is featuring Nushrat Bharucha. Saiyaan Ji song lyrics are penned down by Yo Yo Honey Singh, Hommie Dilliwala, Lil Golu while music is also given by Yo Yo Honey Singh and video is directed by Mihir Gulati. Saiyaan Ji Lyrics Yo Yo Honey Singh x Neha Kakkar Saiyaan Ji Song Details: Song: Saiyaan JiSinger: Yo Yo Honey Singh, Neha KakkarLyrics: Yo Yo Honey Singh, Hommie Dilliwala, lil GoluMusic: Yo Yo Honey SinghStarring: Yo Yo Honey Singh, Nushrat BharuchaLabel: T-SeriesFollow Yo Yo Honey Singhon BandsintownSaiyaan Ji LyricsAe PaapiAe Paapi Paapi PaapiAe Paapi Paapi PaapiAe Paapi Paapi PaapiAe Paapi PaapiMatkaun Main KamariyaDheere Dheere Dheere DheereSaiyaan Ji Samne BaitheJam Peere Peere PeereMatkaun Main KamariyaDheere Dheere Dheere DheereSaiyaan Ji Samne BaitheJam Peere Peere PeereWhis Whiskey Key Key KeyMaine Thodi Thodi Pee Pee Pee PeeWEED D D D D Dedo Love TherapyMere Naughty Saiyaan Ji Ji Ji Ji JiKyun Peete Ho Itni Ni Ni Ni NiMere Naughty Saiyaan Ji Ji Ji Ji JiKyun Peete Ho Itni Ni Ni Ni NiKyunki Tu Hai Chik Chikni Ni Ni Ni NiTabhi Piyun Itni Ni Ni Ni NiKyunki Tu Hai Chikni Ni Ni Ni NiTabhi Piyun Itni Ni Ni Ni Ni Jaane De Jaane De Gaadi Bhagane DeGala Sa Sukh Raha Peg Lagane DeJaane De Jaane De Gaadi Bhagane DeGala Sa Sukh Raha Hai 2 Peg Lagane DeZindagi Juaa HaiJue Se Paise Kamane DeMusic Banane De Aag Lagane DeZindagi Gaadi Ko Dhaka Lagane DeTukk Tukk Ni KhelungaSidha Chakka Lagane DeMatkaun Main KamariyaDheere Dheere Dheere DheereSaiyaan Ji Samne BaitheJam Peere Peere PeereMatkaun Main KamariyaDheere Dheere Dheere DheereSaiyaan Ji Samne BaitheJam Peere Peere PeereWhis Whis Whiskey Key Key KeyMaine Thodi Thodi Pee Pee Pee PeeWEED D D D D Dedo Love TherapyMere Naughty Saiyaan Ji Ji Ji Ji JiKyun Peete Ho Itni Ni Ni Ni NiMere Naughty Saiyaan Ji Ji Ji Ji JiKyun Peete Ho Itni Ni Ni Ni NiKyunki Tu Hai Chik Chikni Ni Ni Ni NiTabhi Piyun Itni Ni Ni Ni NiKyunki Tu Hai Chikni Ni Ni Ni NiTabhi Piyun Itni Ni Ni Ni NiYo Yo Honey Singh!Sahi Kar Rahi Hai Sahi Kar Rahi HaiKarti JaMain Hoon Paapi Mere Paap Ka GhadaTu Bharti JaSar Pe Chadh Gayi Kachi DaaruJaisi Chadhti JaBaby Sahi Kar Rahi Hai Sahi Kar Rahi HaiKarti JaYo Yo Honey Singh!Nach Le Nach Le Nach Le Nach LeNach Le Nach Le Nach LeNach Le Nach Le Nach Le Nach LeNach Le Nach Le Nach LePeg Banane Se Pehle Tu PehleTu Pehle Tu Pehle Tu Naap LePeg Banane Se Pehle Tu PehleTu Pehle Tu Pehle Tu Naap LeMere Naughty Saiyaan Ji!
Yeh to rapper tha na

Yoyo honey Singh

Yo yo honey Singh 
Me

Ab vibe aara, uss samay bhut troll hora tha ye song

I remember this song after watching dramatika.
osm sir go on my blessing<a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/1v50XorRJ8GQ8gTz_prwAg"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/G8AfY6yWGuKuhL0PlbiA2AE"></a><a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/tPgfY7mSO4XovQKzmYCgCw"></a>
Offfff..... So niceI like it
New earphone lene aaaya hu or bass chk krra hu 
Badshah downfall u paaji
Yaar 
Background music khatarnaak hai bro 

Who is listening in 2023?
Amazing beautiful song ️
Me Me
What's the reason behind 6M like badsha?
Ma

november 25

Mai.... Bhi... ???
Yo Yo Honey Singh is imortal

Very good song and nice u
Wah kya lyrics Hai pee itninini oh my god honeypaji legend 
Mujy 

idk but i really loveeeee this masterpiece
Awesome

Anyone 2023
I am hearing this song in my ubon bt 2.0 and the bass is dady 

21 November 2023 
Koun khata hai comeback nahi ho raha hai itna hitgana to da raha hai.
Ye hai comeback badshah bhai jo bht phele ho chuka tha

Father, this song looks like this, make this song based on this, it looks like this
Honeypaji super song

Who will be alive in 2023?
Me 

Wow
After Losing World Cup Only Honey Singh Songs Can Fix me

Mein NY yeh Instagram py music suna oar you tube per a kar search kia oar bohat hi mazay ka yeah song hei

Jukiujyuyjukykuukiyuuuuuyyuyhyyjjuuyujujuuyuyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Candy Yo yo honey Singh ️
honey singh to kohli- tuk tuk nhi khelunga 6 laga ne de
Excellent song video, my favourite video, best song video, I love you this video

Super

Yo Yo  Honey Singh 
Jam p ny ry OggyJam bread pay lga ry Oggy
Hot  sog
Who has he seen after searching?
Att Bhai ka Jalba
Cute bhai yo yo hanny shingh

Yo yo ke liye sanse aayi me to
Honey paji!!!
Tuk tuk : kohliSidha chakka : Rohit sharmaHoney Singh 
Legend is legend 

Same here bro I listen this song 

<b>Don&#39;t worry you aren&#39;t alone listening to this masterpiece </b>

Very very good song ha aapka
No doubt neha on fire  or paji to paji h
Neha &amp; Honey are bombastic

3 <a href="">2:10</a> <a href="">2:11</a>
Round 2 hell,lover
Amazing
yo yo is back 2024
Anyone 2023

This song appeared on my screen automatically without any search
remember us
Chikknniii
Tuk tuk ni khelunga let me hit a straight six wow what a line that's why our legend is honey singh 
Kiss kiss esss song me old vali vibe aati h
Yoyo return baby

who is listening this song for waisi waisi 

Aise gaane ab kyo ni la re dheet 
My favorite yo yo honey Singh 
After KALASTAAR ️
Avi tk 1M likes nhi..kya hua bhai
Who will come to see Yoyo's comeback in November 2023?
Son, Honey Singh, you are here and tell it to all those who are from Badshah.
Yo yo honey Singh h

Honey singh give his soul to shatian  just for money
YoYo Singh
Haa

Aney one 2023 ?

Yo yo honey Singh s honest boy

honey bhair breakup party se fan hu

Honey singh best
Honey paji ne faad hai all singers 
Mujhe yad a geya tha 

Who heard this song in Lockdown? Like this song
Yyyyyoooo Yyyyyoooo
Kon. Kon ik song sune ya tha yo yo ka
Who saw this song on shorts and then came here?
<a href="">3:08</a> smile…️‍
*)

Fbgn

UBON KI ADVERTISEMENT 

I mean to sing. Listen or walk on Instagram
Honey paji I also drank some whiskey for you .
They are fans  like karo
Binod

So sweet 
Bapp always baap hin rehega yo yo honey singh 
Yo Yo Honey Singh 
baba ki jay

Honey Singh, this is the 1st time m doing comment on social media in my whole life , just because u did a great job,  , ,it&#39;s a masterpiece , u know, fantastic,  Sai Karri hai , saii  Karri hai Karri Jaa 

Feels like Badsha 
Who is listening to this song till now?
All tims Blockbuster song
Is anyone 2023?

@naughtyyuvaan123
Gb
Wow my mood has gone 
West Indian rapper yo yo honey paji

Me

Brother, what have you said?
Comment mt padho sb ### hai

Inhe pasandh ye songs inke hai boyfriend ye kare unhe operate they love love making inhe mil jaye time hotel inke ghar ya unke ghar jaane ke

Koi sense hai is gane ka

Smooth
Anyone 2023?

Honey paji always fvt  love from 🇧🇩

Anyone hear 2024 

I came across a dam or I died
Noti saiyaa ji...
Pharbhu Sat
mee

AKRAM dr pas ale sat Mako js Akram ram maf now
A message to the future generations. Don&#39;t let this song die.

Anyone 2023?

Anitta reference🇧🇷
My honey Singh has come a long way to listen to me.
Biggest music video

moose wala legend burger bacche
Yo yo honey singh to yo yo he beta

Yo yo honey singh
Badshah will never give us this type of song

who&#39;s think Nushrratt Bharuccha| and honey paji are perfect couple for real life, not only the basis of this video but in reality show like Kapil Sharma show , Indian ideal  , FIFA award and other. i feel that&#39;s why i am saying

Super  
Promotion vi tha 

Yoo yoooo army
Honey Singh ka come back to isi song se hogya tha 

lyrics dangerous 
From 8years   to 17 years but always honey panji next leavel songs

571M power of Honey Singh

Honey Singh fan from pak 🇵🇰
Only yo yo

Honey 3.0 comeback 
Honey Singh&#39;s voicde really degraded

Legend never die 
Daddy daddy 
Yo yo honey singh paji hak se love ️️
Who is listening to this song in 2023?
level
Mei ne
me me
Love paji 
Fire 
Yoyo honey Singh 
571 million views power of Honey Singh ️
I listen this song on shorts in other videos but didn’t know this song is by yo-yo honey singh

Mujhe just

Abe ubon ka advertisment bhi hai is me 

me me 
Yo yo always legend 

Lyrics: ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ️
571 million key is not called a comeback
Yo yo in red
You guys keep reading comments, I will arrange tea.
Anyone in 2024

What a vibe

Kalaastar 100 m views done after 2 yrs 100 M
mujhe

571 million 
Music :- Yo Yo Ka Lyrics :- Lil Golu × Yo Yo Jab machti hai destruction
Who liked this song more than what?
Only Badshah's song comes but Honey Singh's era had come 
Soft mako maya sat
Akram mako godhana maf now
From which Instagram to watch the reel or watch the song?
Music is dangerous boss, this speed and king are nowhere in front of Yo Honey Singh.
The view of the song is whole career of badshah

Nice song
Yes legend was legend

Come back to ho gaya he an kya karn he yoyo sir ko ye chutiye nadshah or raftar yo yo ka come back nhi hua yu bol rahe the benchod

Anyone 2023

What happened to Honey Singh 
me me sir
Search Kia
Yah wah song ki mujhe kam hai wah wah like Karen
Who is here in 2023 ?

Yo yo + R2H lover like baton  
Wow

Abhi abhi yaad aa song 
Koi maany ya na maany ye song Neha ki waja sy hai hai
Yo Yo is coming.....
Wow
Father, after all father is hota hai yaar, jiska ghar pack hota hai, uska na came back hota hai yaar, all time best yoyo
570 million like ?? Comeback 10m 8.8 million  
Remember r2h 
Nice song
It&#39;s beat on boat amazing 

King is back 
Bap bap hota hain
Sumbul

 yo yo honey Singh 
Who has come from which Instagram?
After Kalastar 
Anyone is 2023

Nice song 
Very nice 

Who are you seeing in 2024?
Neha Kakkar  honey singh ️️
It's a crazy thing ji
Dear parents: Just because your child is smiling at their phone, doesn&#39;t mean they have a boyfriend or girlfriend, they are watching this masterpiece!

Ha bs uhi
Kon kon manta hai honey singh is the baap of rap industry(music)

So lovely song 
me me
Gulshan Kumar Who misses everyone  <a href="">0:01</a>
Legend 
Also added Ubon advertising.
Legend is always legend 

come back 

Look carefully at this girl's eyes, brother, she is going crazy, she is crazy, she doesn't know whom she has taken in the songs.
Honey Singh ka yes rap sunke hain ki Badhsha or raftaar nahi kuch hain honey paji ke saamne ??????
Who says there is no comeback? 2 years old 570 millions views
Who came here after listening raftar song  father is father

Katai Jahaar....
Is gaane ko kaise koi bhul skta h ur iska to lyrics v yaad h
Chillllllllll bro my fav honey honey sir salutttttttttt you
Very hard show mush songs

Me

Baap to baap hi hota hai sub ka

<a href="">0:31</a> 
Yo yo hani singh
Honey singh doesnt give the same vibe anymore ...kailash kher&#39;s saiyaan is what i prefer

Once a legend is always a legend 
Love from Bangladesh 🇧🇩

Gb
Me watching 2023.  28 October  legend is legend

honey singh blue eyes mein kaan mein jo earrings phena suits you very well
Jodi of Honey Singh nd Nushrat  bharuccha is superb

Legends not died
They are Hanny Singh
sab kaa baap 
Only one year he is here yo yo
2023 like here
Guys ab us samose vale ko koi kaho ki or konsa comeback chaye usee 

S

King yo yo honey singh.
<a href="">1:26</a> <a href="">1:26</a> <a href="">1:26</a>

Neha

Puts your hands up 

bhai comeback ton iss gaane me he hogya tha

Still goosebumps

Baaki sb thik h but ye model galat leli ... bilkul bhi suit nhi krti ye

Yoyo honey Singh back 
Honey Singh lengend  it&#39;s 2023
He should understand we want this type of music production this is art of real yo yo

Phaji 
Ye hota h real song
Me

2023 ?

571m ho gaye hai King is Beck 
Yo-Yo

1 billion views.
Kon kon  2023 me sun rahe hai 

2023,anyone

571 millions views power of honey pajji yo yo honey singh
Everything is fine but Neha doesn't like it
Bhai yarr mujay yrrr
Legends who are watching in 2023

CHIKNI TO HAI BACHI

My lovely entertainer honey Singh sir 
Mera favourite after beer 
Me me 
Downsex

221992

Sexhasbandwife

Bhai comeback toh issi hi gaya par ho gaya ???Badshah like big mistake ho gaya bhai
mujhe to lga tha ye gana tony Kakkar ka hai 

Nice song sir 
Which song is going on in 2050?
India best singer honey sir
That's brother
honey️‍️‍️️ always my favourite
Wow

I I hi apana
Saiyyan ji song&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;°°Badsha&#39;s whole generation 
Nov, 2023

Honey bhai
2023

BADSHAH SALE COMEBACK DEKH TERR DADY KA 2023 MAI 2021 KA VIDEO

Legend Yo Yo Honey Sing
𝓗𝓸𝓽 𝓱 𝓪𝓲𝓻 𝓱 𝓪𝓲 𝓫𝓸𝓼𝓼
Anyone in 2023

I came to the background beat 
just amazing hot‍‍‍‍
Gdudhdjd️
Gdidvdibd
Ydceiebieh 
Op song yo yo
Who told me that I am not coming back...then what is this song...
Who all bss views dekhne aya h hand's up guys ???
Whenever I listen to this song, my mood becomes fresh and I feel happy. 
570 M views,  is he still need comeback?

good song video 
Legends never need comeback.Legends are always Legends
Q
I love yo yo honey Singh song 

Naresh
Wow 
Me me 
Yo²hs
LUN TE CHAR

Banger song yo yo honey singh paaji 
DONO HI HAKLE HAI 

Mai round 2hell main sunna tha vahi she dekhkar aaya hu

Lil golu and honey paji always give vibes always ️  ️
Yo yo hi star h bhai
570million, how much has it come back?
He&#39;s a puer God gifted man️
Anyone here in 2023 

Yo yo honey Singh 
Now I don't even want to make a comeback, please be patient, billion songs will also come
Brother, I am a fan of Honey Paaji but with full support to Lil Golu, Brother, I am alone, don't know how many songs have been written only by Honey Paaji
Who will listen to this song in 2023?
Baap of Rap and Hip hop..No comparison with Yo Yo

Yo yo big fan from Bangladesh

next level song
badsha ko kaho comeback to 2 year pehly hi ho gaya tha honey ka

So why did I not get to know that this song of Bluetooth king Yoyo came to my mind, only this Neha's hi is for me, I did not hear this song when I got to know that this is the song of Yoyo Paji, brother, I have seen it 40 times now.
Yo Yo is king 

Honey Singh is not Just name he is our emotions 

We want like this HONEY SINGH 

Yo yo honey bhai best
570

Kya bass hai is gane me ekdam 

Love u honey paaji 
Like 2023
<a href="">1:03</a>

Talksick on
Look here come back
Legend always legend 
Bbl song paji
570m views majak thodi hai

A paapi

<a href="">2:58</a>

Snake
Paji's come back since 2008 when I was studying in 5th class.
Honey shing this look is good

honey singh
T - series aap apna channel dijiye ga

Op bro

57 Crore+ Views  In The Year 2023
Look, come back more than 500m.
Hey bhai kya lag rahe yo yo hony singh 
Honest Singh is the best ️

Yo yo honey Singh 

Anyone 2023? Who can say anything in front of honey bhai? What aaaaaaa honey bhaiWho can speak to my father? He has not spoken to me, nor has he spoken to me, nor has he spoken to me.
Ulta legendary yo yo honey sing

Superhit song like me 
Lyrics write milke in 3 logs
Kis kis ko lgta hai ki bahut logo ka career khatam hone wala hai 

Who can sing this song when and when to make it?
Much better then kalaastar and more new songs of him

Paji, there is no need to say who comes back, I am on top, I am here 
honey

Masterprice

Bnchod kon bolra tha comeback ni hora views dekhre ho  loca loca , makhna makhna hor bhi h vaise to badshah bawlignd hogya shyd 

Legends Hear in 2023 Button ---------------------&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Me

Jis jis ne ye location dekhi he wo like kero  <a href="">2:46</a>

Yo yo honey Singh 
Honey sir
<a href="">1:08</a>

Yo Yo honey singh

Yo yo honey  Singh  can never get over his songsssss

Best song for dj in cocktail parties

Any one in 2023

Yo Yo Honey Singhaaa ️‍
57 carore views

YO honey Singh 

Honey Singh is back

Abdulaha bedsbe as sach aap ve kay ale maf aap sach allaha abas tha feron rok ak worck lakchman nag gala maf feres matha tha maka adha hosen bst

Faadu song hai bhai
You have to agree this song has the cheapest lyrics and one of the best music of Honey Singh.

570.m view
World no 1 best song video, my favourite video, best song video, I love you this video, my favourite video, best song video
This song is real comeback

Super come back of yo yo Now rock the music industry 

Real legend yoyo
Yarr yo yo honey singh songs. I keep commenting like that....
Gaad faat gaye padshah kaa
Kalastar has kept all the songs of Bhai Jaan for a while.
Comeback 
It&#39;s comeback 
Baab baab hota hai yoyo
Honey singh ka kharab gana bhi 500 million cross kr gya

Yo yo honey + Neha Kakkar 
Kon bol ra tha comeback ni hora 570 m views mzak hy kya

How high is the level set, there is no comeback even at Rs 500 million.
Honey Singh's song has come back, all the old songs of the page are trending today 
POV: Jitna Padash ke ke 2 hit hai utana to paaji ka yeh song hai.,and talking about Come back 
Oh ab samjha yoyo 3.0 Kyu hai kalastar me Kyu Ki ???Yoyo 2.0 Ye songs hai Sayanji, First kiss, Loca loca, Makhna Love uh paji 3.0 
Legend watching in 2023 

Yo yo is love 

Badshah who ??

Legend&#39;s watching 2023 
2023 Attendance ✓
Comeback to 3 years ago
Maja agaya paji ki bat ki bat alag he is your real 
They are honey singh page 
Honey paji 
Yo yo honey Singh 
Me to all in one Wala sun rhi thi pr ye lg gya ab ye sun rhi

Legend are watching in 2023 October 

Comeback toh 2 years pehele ho Gaya tha,

Neha kakkar + yo yo honey singh = Masterpiece 
Who listen the song today Like karo

Le comeback be like - Ham honey paaji ke saath hai
Who is not making a comeback  570+M
Bapa hai ra honey singh
Best

Honey singh best singer
Lil golu lyrics 
Power honey
500+ m comeback no ho raha yaar 
Yo yo honey singh
 op honey singh
2023 
Yo yo back 
500M or comeback is about to happen  bad luck soon byee 
When are you back father hi hanny singh everyone ??????
570+ power of Yo yo honey Singh songsAlways Legend 

Gkfdkh ️
Only honey sing and nehu

ho t raha hai bhi comeback
Badsha be like
Badsha ke lode pee agg lag gayi



Gb 
 King is back 
 yo yo honey Singh paaji Bluetooth King 
Aapna va aagaya hai aab sabka band will play 
badshah mere laude pe

Who&#39;s listening  in 2030 

Who says he is not coming back? My brother is Badshah's father.
Honey singh️
view 1B + 

Ooo how many 2 years old are they or the log says that where will the honey come from?
The one an only Music composer, music director, Actor. Singer and many more....Only yo yo pajji 

Honey Singh not need comback because he set new era 

570M+  And still getting more and more viewsAur kuchh kehte hai ki comeback nhi ho rha

Nice music 
My man huney Singh
500+ million views,6m+ likes,usme bhi comeback nahi ho raha
level hai boss19 oct 2023
Or kitna kamback loge bhai

Honey paji comeback karo...and everyone will be burdened.
Oh my god what's going on
2023
Honey paaji's comeback happened this day.
Very nice  
Yo yo honey singh ka badsha kay saath comprsion he ni bnta 
Legend YOYO honey singh 🇳🇵️
Such a meaningless song ..kyu pito ho itne kyun ke tu hai chikne ..rip lyricsc

Honey is god

Pta nhi iss paadshah ko kiyo acidity ho rhi h honey paaji having views more then his song relished in his career

Lil golu and honey singh should work together. Together they  create blockbuster songs.

570 m views comeback to KB ka hogya ziaan bhai ne ye song nhi dekha ???
they are fans Like karo
Yo yo honey Singh
Padshah's 4 songs won't even get that many views.
Who are you seeing in 2023?
Honey bhai allows heare
Came back to 2 years ago hi ho chuka hy legend ka️
This is where Badshah's career ended and he made a real comeback.
