Even if she dosent marry it dosent matters why everyone are obsessed with her marriage just leave her it&#39;s her decision

I would like to see her Happy  marry but couples are written in the stars .Her time will come when she is Ready and open to marriage

Shraddha Kapoor prabhas

If she is marrying  rohan then I will not support her

To whom you will marry will be the luckiest boy after you and you the most beautiful.I hope and inshallah you will  become Muslim Soon

Really she is getting marry hoo shocking and dont like .

If she want to marry rohan i will support ger

Can I get a heart from smoky evening

She is so beautiful. I wish she got a loving,caring and a good husband,who does think so one like️️

Bruh, Everytime I expect something else but happens something else -_-

Is time these bullywoodian get married n settle down thn running around

Rohan looks like Tony kakar

She is 33 years old and she thinks that she is young to get married my mom is 38 years old and I am 12 anyways it’s her decision we shouldn’t interfere

I wish shraddha to get marry soon, otherwise these people will grill her by asking

I wish shraddha to get marry soon, otherwise these people will grill her by asking

Lol. ....She is 33 years of Age. .................and Saying. .......Too Young to Marry now. .........WTF. ..............It&#39;s her Personal Choice but 33 Age is not a young age for Marriage. .............But in Bollywood it happens as The Beautiful Aishwarya Rai got Married at 36Years of age. .................Still wishing you a Good Luck. ..........May you mind your Mr. PERFECT 

OK Get Married Soon

Shraddha thinks she is too young to get married she is 34!!Is she planning to get married at 60 years or what.But anyway it&#39;s her wish when to get married and I am not anyone to comment about her personal life.But I feel she should find some suitable person for her soon

You could have done better a phographer you must be joking you should marry arjun kapoor or prabhas

Queen Shraddha

I don&#39;t want Shraddha to get married ... Her glow may fed away ...

You will get a best life partner Shraddhu. You are the best ,.The guy who is gonna marry you, should be soo kind, caring towards you. What I and other fans of you need is that , he should be a best life partner to keep you happy forever 

Very good SHRADDHA kapoor  we are so proud of you bcs u should make. Films its not a time  for marriage u are too young for marriage if u will marriage the Rohan shreshta u will upset u fans shraaddha I am so so happy that u are not getting married

Is she really marrying a Nepali guy?

:)

Second comment

Hello

First
