Love Canada

i am here to watch inamul haq brilliant acting 

Half bin jed
Poland2016-2019 Iraq magore ️
Nailed it

His accent, style, attitude, and the way he delivered his flawless dialogs is too good, in fact he bought flavors to the villainous character

The people living in India do not value independence.
Amitabh Bachchan is famous in this country also
Super acting ever who is this brother major solid acting yaar
Major: I was with you for two days but I didn't understand you...Akshay: Iqbal Kadri?
There is acting class brother.
Understanding does not come to such an amazing actor...
One of the most brilliant adaptation of the real character. Amazing actor.

Very good movie Many NRI remember  this Jai Hind word when they were in troubled in foreign countries When all GOOD in foreign countries then  how much pollution in India  , so mucg dust heat .. How much traffic  etc ercIts hypocrisy of many NRI who disrespect  there own country  when they are safe in foreign  but when they are in troubled in other countries then they remember there own  mother nation the India. ( any ways  in world MOTHER  all things included. ))).Be always proud and respectful to your mother  nation country the India where ever you are ...

Superb acting

Amanullah is a brilliant actor

Iqwal Qadri is here 
Pandit is with llb knowledge
Good morning dear friends ️
Major's acting is of a different level. Successful people should remember only the important ones and now they are more important.
The &quot;Iraqi Republican Army&quot; fi khidmatakum stole it for me

Great acting one of the best movies

He is just amazing

Masterpiece

Why is there a Napoleon Bonaparte portrait in the background?

Can we all just appreciate the content this man and his crew makes it&#39;s just a masterpiece imagine what&#39;s he&#39;s gonna be doing the future.

Iqbal Qadri - jolly LLB Real name - Inamul-haq

IRAQI DO NOT CALL AMITABH BACCHAN AMITABH BACCHAN THEY CALL AMITABH BACCHAN
Yess

What was the fun of the whole movie?
Please watch Undertrial....of this Iraqi General ...

Major has acting skills...perfect accent...what an acting!

Wtf kadri
What amazing delivery height is there but look at the attitude I would like to see in the role of an Iraqi major and in the film.
WhoZ here after Taliban kabza in Afghanistan

Impressive 
History repeats ....

What a brilliant actor

Great actor .. major

I knew that Pandit wasn&#39;t Hindu. Look what he really is

Aaj khush to bahut honge tum amitaab bacchan diwaar
Major bahut danger acting zabardast
Parvej Alam of Maharani

Im obssesed with this scene . flawless acting ! Watched more than 40 times️

What nice movie

Simple language major ki.But full Fear on people

WTF????

Yeh Jolly LLB mein tha

This is real talent

immaunal haq hai name acha actor h major
One of the best actor .....he knows every shade of acting....each point ...no one could play this ....trust me it&#39;s too difficult...salute this ..

Parvez Alam Of Maharaniii
Iraqi's character has been super
Great acting iraqi major
He is a dynamic actor how good he catched the charector of an arbi who is trying to speak hindi

Jabardast acting by major 

Love his accent

If you can't survive on check bond then you will survive mr Ranjeet ???
Akshay fikka pd gya

superb accent

Great acting by general of Iraq

No Business Partners Only Minority Shareholders in Corporation&#39;s.......Will Not Repeat This Again and Again Looks You Were Mad.......... Alhamdulillah Inshallah By God Allah Subhan Taala Will Guidance Grace and Blessings Alhamdulillah Inshallah STAW and Also Ummati of Last Prophet of Islam Huzur Hazrat Muhammad STAW STAW STAW STAW................ Alhamdulillah Inshallah By God Allah Subhan Taala Will Guidance Grace and Blessings Alhamdulillah Inshallah STAW and Also Ummati of Last Prophet of Islam Huzur Hazrat Muhammad STAW STAW STAW STAW.................

Iqbal Qadari:- ya all@h isse bhi aage hota hai#
Saala totla general ???
This place is Major General, Iqbal Quadri with gayatri mantra???
What actor plays the role of Major?
This Man awesome in every scene In this Movie .. and in Jolly llb too..Mr Inaamul Haq

Ye PA tha mantri kaa special 26 mein

Pandit Ramkrishna Saraswat urf Iqbal Qadri......

Some are from Jammu so there is some Kashmiri in the language, rest see our ration card, voter id card joli llb 2
Fabulous acting Major saab!!
Iraqi Colonel

İ  am impressed inhone barikiyo PR dehan diya  Arabic ma p nhi hota to ham b use karte hai

That You don&#39;tGives goosebumps
The man in Mario game :p

Brilliant actor he is x sounds like arbab

iske aage v hota hai in jolly llb

Iraqi major speaking Hindi 
Iraqi speaking in Hindi 
Nice acting

Best ever acting
In arabic pronunciation.. P is B and Ch is Jh..  actor has done it really well..

What are you acting?
You don't care about me
Mr. Ranheey
Ye m roz sunta
Pandit&#39;s act masterpiece 

Hahahahahah the actor in this movie is an Iraqi major. But the ranks he is wearing on his shoulder is that of full colonel. 

Which is the song at the end ?

The guy playing the Iraqi major, I have met him personally. He is from my hometown saharanpur, great dude

Mj=N.kalojam
Superb actor
In bollywood movie Baby_2015,police officer Hasan Noman was also a brilliant actor.

Iraqi Major ate Akshay Kumar
This man just outplayed Akshay Kumar as far as acting is concerned......one of the best scenes of the movie....... really this man deserves more chances in Bollywood...

This man 
<a href="">2:33</a> beyidda already
Sab

Bhai

Ho bhai

Op

Video

Nice

Who love this actor

Major's character is very awesome
His ACTING is very very REAL....

Mast acting yar major sahab
This actor is doing very good acting.
Today we have seen Akshay Kumar getting married on Facebook, we were not aware about it but we need to understand that Vaishno Devi does not need you and whatever work you are doing, Ritesh, you are not alone, you should have some decision about it. If it is helping then you don't have the courage to talk about this time while living in India.
Iraqi major was too good.He had a perfect Iraqi accent.He should more chance.

The one of the key persons behind the evaluation is Mr. Sunny Mathews, ( Toyota Sunny), a business man based on Kerala ( Malayali) . In this film Akshay Kumar played his role.

SUUUB BOOOOT!

Mister Ranjeet Kathiyal
This fake deshbhakt should be thrown out of the country.

Jk wallputty pachaye walls
bahut hi sandar film Airlift
<a href=""> khana banana sikha
A mita bachan…..wall 
Heaven on the earth - Scotland 󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Must see short film, won’t regret it.Share and subscribe <a href="">

Inaamulhaq is such a wonderful actor. Owned this role!

Jhantu acting nbc

I love this clip

Oye iqbal kadri milgya
Amazing acting in major role
<a href=""> fit tho India fitFor more updates Like share &amp; subscribe the channel ️&amp; do not forgot to press the bell icon <a href="">#supportyoungtalent</a>

Gazab acting

This is called talent by a good actor airlift movie Ka sabse best scene but bechara outsider......mujhe inka nam v pta nhi h what a acting

His name is innatullah khan.. After giving so many best acting he is still struggler

Supper..

Lucknow Central mai vi hai ! furrrr karne waalaa!
Emitabh bachhan

IRAQI people don&#39;t look like this man

Faul movie

He is colonel not major and of Iraqi army

Saddam was a cruel dictator after Gulf War came Militants then ISIS now IRAQ is safe thanks to US Military

Beh jana nehiImBortent
You did not mislead me mr. Ranjit
No one looks like Iraq person

The general is quitee excellent actor.

If you don't pass through our checkpoint then you will pass Mr. Ranjit, nice dialogue.
What an amazing Performance by Inaamulhaq sir ,such a brilliant actor

Amazing acting done inside.NSD types
Nowadays, the ghost of patriotism has gone to Akshya Kumar, BJP has come from JB 
These two actors have proved that to be successful, father's name should not be hardwork or talent.Jay Hind
Jolly llb 2 he did flow less acting

All of them earn illegal money. Actor director producer writer. Everyone is earning illegal money.
You bastard bitch, you have written a stupid story. Actually there is no unity among Muslims and hence they enjoy the unique benefits of being a writer, director, producer. The work of such people is to earn money by writing short films...
The American army killed innocent children and killed idiots. Sister, who wrote the story of this film or is he the son of Randy or is the most stupid speaking person in the world, that writer is that.
In this film all the hidden stories are shown. Dara Sallee, he never saw the real thing. In America, innocent children or orphans or MAZLOOMO or YATEMO are being bombed but they are being brought into Iraq.
Jhootee  kahanee hai . 200%

We might ignore these small artists but they play a major role to portray the Heroes and the  film totally..

Perfect man for this Dialogue.. he deserves move

Body language hi nhe h iska

What a acting man,Akshay kumar has lot to learn from him.

Sequel must be made with same cast &amp; crew🇮🇳

thief akshya stole sushant's game
<a href="">1:34</a> = successful logo ko sirf “imbortant” log yaad rehna chahiye!!! There is no P word in Arabic language so it called to be IMBORTANT..nice sense of humour 

Mohamed Iqbal kadri

Aaj khus to bahut hoge tumAmitabh se bhi mast bola hai

Nice

Is this the same man who acted as shoemaker in The Suitable Boy?

Acting me Jan Dal Di major ne

I love his accent

the rank shows he is a colonel...not major

Lauda lift movie thi ek dum tatti

Inamul haq is really best and most underrated actor like Manoj Bajpayee Nawazuddin, Pankaj tripathy

he is ..irani  major  .. ..is Pundit of ranjhana movie and kandha in tanu weds manu.

Good acting, but do Iraqi people really know Hindi?
<a href="">

Very anal acting
If I had not passed through this check point today, you would have passed, Mr. Ranjit! Successful people should remember only important people
Mistaar Raanjit
good

Iqbal Qadri has now become an Iraqi Major.
Yeh to apna jk wall putty wala hai,
Listen once again or support me friends please... <a href="">
Wheres the Iraqi Major? All I see is a phudu  doing a poor poor job pretending to look Arab and talk in an Arab accent. This makes me want to vomit.   Dont disrespect  Iraq and Arabs this way.

Abe chutiye pkda bhi to kisko...... Ye pel k tumko tol ke bech aa jayega

Kiss hissab ye log iraqi lag reha ha

Not good acting ....slang is not upto the point...

Iqbal Kadri
Emitabh Bachan. 

<a href=""> watch this amazing horror video 

Fake movie

Are Ikbal Kadri....Tum...

Iraqi general is iqbal kadari.

Now I am forced to listen since 2014
Dayyum... his hindi is really acurate as arab speaks when he learns hindi.. am impress

Was in Firangi too...
What an outstanding acting by the character called iraqi major , his arabic accent was fabulous , very underrated amezing action , Akshay was no way near to him in this scene to be honest

m roz suniyi hu
Kamaal ki acting major saab ki...
This is Iraq, this flag is from Syria
RR rajkumar song Kali pili
Don't watch my video and don't like subscribe Plz like share subscribe.️️️<a href="">
AMITABH BACHCHAN ..diwar...best dilouge
what bad acting are you doing boss ️
The rest of my children,,,, I am looking at you 
Iraqi leader was the terrorist in Jolly LLB 2 whom Lawyer Jolly exposed in the court 

Superb diologe

This Iraqi Major is not an Eqbal Qadri.
His acting is superb in this schene  don&#39;t know his name but he is a brilliant actor

It&#39;s funny, the sopposed Iraqis look more Indian then the supposed Indians

awoesome movie

Inaamulaq is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!

Acting is not the answer, jaan dal di.bole is not the answer to language.waahhhhhh
what are you acting wow
This major deserve award for his amazing acting

Saddam hussein was a great man

this man deserve more really his acting skills are on another level

Amazing...the boy's speech did wonders.
Best actor hai

What an actor he is ..

The man in uniform has won our heart

Seeing this reminded me of Hitler...
Gandu

Iqwal Kadri n took it
  ️️️️️️ T-Series ️️️️️️  <a href="">1:57</a>    
Deevaren Bol Uthengi
Iqbal Qadri

Awesome acting

Mast acting by major

Who is the fan of Iraqi Major?
The Accent is appreciated

Iraqi major look like super mario

Mera paisa kha hai  Pagalpanti movie
great acting
Effective acting

Acting of this commander was very good 

He is an awesome actor .. no doubt !! But here he is doing over acting.

yar kam say kam, iraq ki tarha k log to arrange kar letay, they are very beautiful people.Poor Bollywood.

He is Colonel.

I want a &quot; real&quot; Iraqi react to this. 
Nice movie

Idhar Mohammad Iqbal qadri jolly se sawaal karraa h..

Wall putti painter Iraqi Major bangaya...    
Has the general spoken Hindi?
Ye qadri Muslim gaadri acting achi krta h jolly llb m b achi ki

Omg is it zeeshans own voiceNice practice lol

Nawazuddin ki Takkar actor h bhai
A master in acting.

Eamitabh Bachpan 

no you don't
i watched this movie in theater when i remember about this movie this scene start showing in my mind

great acting by IRAQI MAJOR ...his accent is legit Arabian accent

Man! The actor portraying the Iraqi Major is awesome! Iske liye maine Airlift movie several times dekhi!

<a href="">2:43</a> ye kya tha

Outstanding performance, hats off pal

Say whatever you want to but admit he nailed the role as Iraqi major.

<a href="">00:50</a> pehchana Iqbal Ansari
Very nice acting with unique way of dialogue delivery

Super action
The major of a country like Iraq was portrayed like a joker. The acting was very good but the personality did not match that of an Iraqi major.
Aemitab bachan 
CAB NRC

Major rock ...superb acting..loved  to watch his acting.

Everyone wants to Akshay Kumar do this types of movies not like House full 4

Major has become famous, this is the uniform of Colonel.
Ister Ranjit Katiyal
To be successful, only important logs should be remembered.
Arabic log same as hi hindi bolte hai..
Superb acting

Inaamulhaq Iraqi major great acting airlift

Great acting

No one else has been killed in my country.
&quot;Mr.ranjeet&quot; Major sir, what is the matter?
Inamul Haq -  the General,one of the most under rated actors

Very good acting Major sir
Superb actingWe should appreciate this kind of acting

Fantastic actor.

Wonderful acting iraqi Major
Mein us nahi guzrte to you pass mr Ranjeet
Genral great acting

Literally good acting

He looks exactly like a real Iraqi general
Is this major Iraqi or Malayali?
The name of the actor is Inamul Haq. He is from Gujrat and he ia a very under rated actor in Bollywood..

Inamul Haq ROcks
Great actor inamul haq
120M subscriber
Remember the name...Inaam ul haq is the name of that iraqi major..

Superb acting by this Iraqi guy..... Gives complex to many Bollywood actors......classy Indian actor

Imam ul Haque ️
Mr Ranjit
this Man needed some more chance in Bollywood movies.

Emitabh bachan 

Behtarin diolouge delivery
Bollywood logic an Indian having a fair skin and an Arabian having a dark skin ...

Major is Ultimate.....

Nice acting

Where are these Iraqi guys coming from?
Mast acting

Akshay Se.. Lakh Guna Good Acting... Major Ne Hai...
Ye major saheb iraqi ho ke russian accent me bolne ki koshish kr rhe h

You are a master of acting brother!
Dewaaar
<a href="">1:50</a> my Brother when he fails in exam 

This said Iraq seems major
Mr. Ranjit 
Pwdipi ha ha ha
Where does this Iraqi sound coming from??
Ye to llb ka pandit h 

Kaadri saab,.....awsm h your acting.....
Major acting fantastic
Iqbal qadri
Aaj khush to bahot honge tum

Ridiculous! Arabian men are tall...
not this iraq but iraq very good and very nice heart 🇮🇶

In real life he would have been killed :)

Why does Akshay appears like he is a dumb fuck ...

Very bad acting...name of actor? Who will you die?
Good acting was done byajor in airlift

Ye iraqi major UP me reheta tha kya.....kyunki maine is dekha hai kisi film me

Is this Iqbal Qadri from jolly llb 2
This yellow collar is being worn from the ranks of the uniform, and these words are major.
Iqbal Kadri is here
General is an amazing star
Y to Jolly LLB wala antakwadi h na

I like the way he say hello Mr.  Ranjit katyal 
Congratulations T series to build a world record is 100 M subscriber 

Ye toh puttiwala hai...
mistar raanjit - favorite accent
Mr Rannjeet 
poor's hitler
100 million subscribers soon
BC What a dangerous act the band has done....
Mr. Ranjit bole ka style just awesome..

U dontttt... 

Iraqi Major can speak Hindi so that he can talk to Indians in English.
I remember the one who played the role of Mohammad Iqbaal Kasim in Jolly LLB2.
Man.... Iraqi soldiers were kind to Indians in Kuwait.  Now see how they are being portrayed !!!

Ye iraqi major jolly llb me pandit tha.

Hey, this Arab is the Gangaajal wala.....
Who&#39;s this actor

Great acting by major

Khush to bohut hoge tum

This guy has acted in jolly llb2

Nice acting by the actor the major guy

If there will be a dictator like him…I will come out after stomping on my face…
Great acting by Iraqi major

Akshay Kumar sir you are the best actor in the world
What a wonderful acting you have done Major Sahab.
Mr Ranjitttt
Proud to be an Indian 🇮🇳️🇮🇳️
He is not an iraqi major....believe i have seen this actor in other movies tooo....

Love you akki
See his phsiq is he a officer

good job bro

giffodouj

Aaj khush to bahot honge tum

The majors action is so goof

Akshay Kumar is the best

This guy acting is so real that at any point i not realize an indian actor playing arab role. He is so good.

Marvelous acting as Iraqi Major.

I don't want you to pass through the check point so that you can pass through it.
I was thinking that this actor is actually from arab, but then just wow..... He&#39;s one of the finests from bollywood !!



Who is this army man haaa he is like a joker

the movie was awesome
Awsome movie airlift love u akki sir

Good movie, but this chachundar not suitable for iraqi major Role.

Great Actor

the tile should be iraqi major dissapoints akshay

Best acting by akii in this movie

b. c

I m indian.

Nyc

Successful people only need to keep importing logs.
Proud to be a Canadian

Which song in ending????

Akshay Kumar sir you are the best hero in world

The way he has delivered the dialogue ossame

JK Wall puttiwala 
This actor (Iraqi Major) stole the show. I watched this movie many times just to see his acting skills. The scene where Akshay Kumar informs him that Saddam Hussein is coming personally elicits a genuine surprised and shocked response. It&#39;s a pity we do not see him in many movie these days...

Which song is that which is playing at the end of the clip?

Bhai is major ko dekh ke yaad aata hai..&quot;White cement wali JK wall putty is the best diwaaro pe papdi ka koi chance nai&quot;

Iraqis don&#39;t have these accents and they don&#39;t know Hindi this movie was way too exaggerated

What does the uniform have to do with the general's acting?
mst role played is adMi ne jo najora bana he
wow heartily moovy

love dis sccen

Iraqis don&#39;t look anything like those

my favorite movie. ... me us check point se nahi guzart to aap.....

hahaha ... ager is major ki jaga kapil ko rkh lata zyda behtar tha .. what a funny major.. sari trailor ki maaa ko da gya

best dialogue  this move

remarkable job
is this Iraqi accent

it&#39;s not a true story

Major look hindu indian not iraqi arab wat a bull crap do iraqi speak hindi or look like indian bullshit film

Airlift&#39;s director doesnt know that this is a Colonel&#39;s uniform not majors.

akshay kumar is the best actor in bollywood.......we love u akki.....u r our hero....our real hero.......... u r best and best actor in the world...........u r awsome.......... we really love u akki.....ur voice is like  action here.. u r no 1 akshay.....for that we love to say u akki.....

Nice movie
cool

Iraq was and still is the most powerful country in the world
funtistic

this actor is amazing. I legit thought he&#39;s Arabian

You did what the Arabs did
