Sirf deepika padukone nhi sab leti h drugs

Sunny leone agar 15 minute me bar bar pyar dhone jati hai to woh porn mai kese 1 hours chot kha leti hai 

Shraddha Kapoor boht aachi hai

Salman: futpath driver

Paisa aate hi sab ka dimaag kharab ho jata he. Wo saari chize karte he jo zindagi me kabhi nahi kiya hota.

I  cannot believe

Agar youtobe meri hoti to bann kar deti tume

Shoes sabun man perfume  ye kahase tume bad habit lagta hai  pehle tum apni noyat thik karo tum jese logo ke liye trolling or suiside ke shikar hote hai nai tum hi batao cigaret or drugs ke alawa waha buri adat kya hai ha

Nakhun chabane main kya hota hai 

A1

Thanks you bhai yaar kal mera kal upsc ka paper hai ye sab aacha huva aap nay bataya

Shraddha dii is always best 

Depending on there growing  environment

Ye  saeeree  hi anokhee  hai  .....

Aare o idiot tere ku kya bad habit hai o bol phele channel chalane ke kiye kuch bhi

Ambidextrous is bad?

Sale ye buri aadat hai sabun ke collection Karna

Yes number 1 me

Tera labra chato tum

literally I am waiting for bad habits 

bhai ish video mee koi bhi aadat buri nahi hai sab hobby hai

Are sab nasheri ganjeri hayn.. sharukh se salman sab nasheri.

Writing with both the hands and writing very fast is not a bad habit it is a talent

Tu hai ajeeb gareeb

East or west Kajol is the  best

Targeting some actress... Faltus...

Fake video

Kareena kapoor is just like me

Eating  is not a bad habit

Tu hum kya kare Isse hame kya matlab hai

Anyhow you have very bad habits.....

Deepika padukone 

Cool

tm chu  ho sabse badhay

Kuchh actor&#39;s ki habits buri nahin hai Jo Tum ham logon Ko Bata rahe ho



Dipika padukon and Sradhha kapoor koi bhi drugs leti nehi hain ei mera manna hain.. Jo bhi mera en manna kon support korte hain uo en comment pe like kar dijiye

Alia used man&#39;s perfume . So what ?

Shraddha is drugie 

Aise bol rha hai jaise book padh raha h sidha sidha bol le haiiiiii,

Shraddha druggie but her blind fans will not see it 

Banao logoo ko bawakoof

Stop nonsense...

Collecting soaps, having many, playing video games are not bad habits It is a hobby

Good comedy

Amir Khan Bad habits is marriage 

Collecting soaps-not a bad habbit Wearing 2 wathes-not a bad habbitWritting with 2 hands-not a bad habbitColleting soaps-not a bad habbitBeing women using men  perfumes-not a bad habbitCollecting shoes-not a bad habbitFor me i think: You have a bad habbit of pinning in others life they have money they can do anything with them they wishWho agrees?

har line ke baad kya &#39;hain&#39; hain&#39; laga rakkha hain..omg again hain xD

the bad habits here are nly drug and smoke -_-

No

Bhai game khelna   sabun collect Karna 2no hatho se likhna 2 watch pehnana   man&#39;s perfume lagana   apne per dhona koi. Buri adat nahi hoti 

Shraddha is very innocent not drug addited

India me to actress hona hi guna ho jaye hai jo dekho vo kuch bhi batate hai unke personal life me bhich me atte hai ase video mat banao rumours mat batao pls

Telling anything soch samajke to bolu na

Delete it from youtube fast

Shraddha is not drug addited she is innocent 

Ap logo ka kam bas acchi thodi bhout information batana hai unke personal life me dekhne ka nahi hai yar kam se kam rakho na yar

Pls don&#39;t say anything about Shraddha she is innocent

Video bananeke liye kuch bhi batare ho pagal

Shraddha ke bare me kuch bhi mat kaho yar ha me manti hu ki Sushant Singh Rajput ke isme vo drug vagera me aai thi lekin ye khabar fake hai

Priyanka ki marji vo chaye jitne shoes le usme bad habit Kaye hai

Shraddha is not drug addited at all very bad telling anything

Pls rumours mat batao

Sharadha kapoor innocent hai



Hhhhahhahahahha sharukhan shoes semell

Wearing two watches at a time is not a bad habit

Shraddha is not innocent

I have  also  habit  of  Karina

Shhradha Kapoor is very innocent

Alia is the best ️️️️️️

Superstars are kind of mad persons! They do whatever they want to..that&#39;s why they&#39;re superstars!

drug grip you fuck

Ye bad habits nahi hai Ye hobbies hai 

Salman Khan ki habbit 

bro beauty queen mat bol sirf makeup nikal ne de tu bhi jan jayega

Nothings real in this video haters do this

Ha lati he drug

Shraddha kapoor is inocient

Shradha kappor innocent hai

Are Are u crazy only drugs smoking and misbaves stupid prank is bad habit not all is bad habit

Kareena and sunny bad habit is just like me but it&#39;s not bad habit I think

Soap collectino , shoes collection , writing with both hands , playing video games , wearing two watches and appliying mens perfum it is not bad habbits

Parna

Shraddha kapoor is innocent

Ye sab bad habits nhi hai

Kareena kapoor habit is so funny 

Kuch Ki Adat Boori Adat Nahi He

Collect soap is not bad habit 

Sardha is innocent

Collecting soaps having many shoes playing video games appliying men&#39;s peerfume and wahshing you legs wearing two warhches are not bad habit drug drinking and smoking are bad habit

You are a big liar its not true 

shradha is the most innocent girl .......

Shraddha kapoor is inocennt plz shes is

His ni

Bhail Bolna seeekh. Kiya HAIIII. Gayya HAIIIIIIIII, HAIIIIII

yes

Both hands me likhna kya bad habit hai matlab kuch bhi

The way of speaking...lol...Haiiiii haiiiii at last Amazing

Its not a bad habit

Shradha kapoor is innocent

chee rani

Shraddha aise nahi kar sikte

Shraddha 

Shraddha Kapoor is always nepotism product I think she never be innocent

Bhai jooht mat bolo

Shraddha not get drugs she is very cute and pretty  girl my love

Actually I don&#39;t like shraddha only

Nic oll

Writing by both hands is an art nor a bad habit

Shraddha is inocent

Bakwaas videos daalne se accha hai ki motivational videos upload kar... Like Chahiye toh....

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent

Video games playing is not an bad habits

Nai

No

He can write with both hands it&#39;s not bad habits it&#39;s good habits

Shraddha is innocent

Only SSR 

Sunny leone has more bad habits 

Bro Suno Arjun Rampal bhi ciggrate pita hai mene to live dekha hai pic bhi de dunga

No shardha Kapoor is in yeodent

dikika leti hai

Sanskari actress

Ha letti hai Deepika padukon drug

Yes

Shraddha doesn&#39;t take drugs....non sende

Sala to gustitir matha

Kuch bhi chahiye content ke liye...those are not bad habits, it&#39;s their interest on something, it&#39;s stupid to say that all their interest are bad habits and everyone is having bad habits, stop talking rubbish, they have a shoe collection bcz they can&#39;t walk footware like You

<a href="">

&quot;Soap collection &quot;Ek anokha sauk

What Amir khan is sanskari actor ? My foot he is crypto radical Muslim.

Bekaar vdo Hai bakwas

no

Most of them are not having bad habits.. You should mention HABITS in the thumnail not bad habits..

Topa veidio

Shraddha kapoor is not inocent

Salman Khan is my favourite but Mujhe bhi unki aadat pasand hai

Dippka padukone and Shraddha Kapoor they not taking drugs

Hnn....

Some habits here aren&#39;t bad.

Most bad habit hai shradda kappor ka or deepika and most bad is rani mukherji

Sala abhi kuch collect karo aur go bhuri adat

Ware bad

Bad habits batane wale the na shayad 

Don&#39;t spread these foolish things, shraddha kapoor doesn&#39;t wear shoes And about Kareena. Kapoor we all do this and About Srk hhh this is not such a thing and doing collection of shoes and soaps is not bad thing ok and writing with both hand is not a bad habit it&#39;s a talent, and doing prank is not bad did you see khatra khatra, how they do and alia bhatt one side we said boys and girls are equal and other side we can&#39;t spray the men&#39;s perfume, in middle class family everyone sprays same perfume if it is mens or womans perfume it doesn&#39;t matters Aur bhai yeh kaise pata chala ki alia bhatt ke ghar mein Sare mens perfume hai how you now this hhh

Kuch log ko pehen ne ke liye kapde Nahi hai rehene ke liye Ghar Nahi hai aur yeh log ko Dekho 

Shose m se smell ana bad habit hoti hai kya 

Pair dhona galath bath hee kya??

Kya do do hath mee likhna bad habit hee?

Wht nonsense  isme bura kya hh

Shraddha kappor nashedi hai

I love Alia Bhatt 

Sraddha is always innocent

Ayeee srk ke baare main kuch nhi

why u talk like at any moment u can break into &quot;Allah ke naam pe kuch de baba&quot; haa

Aila is not cute.she is looking so so so boring.i hate aila.

No sraddha is not innocent. She is my favorite.i hate your channel

Sarky bad habit is smoking too much 100 cigarette. In a day

Writing with  two hand is not bad habits who agree like

Ye sab kya bad habit he

Shradhha Kapoor is innocent

Bhai ye tatoo ko khud nai pata hota kya banana hy kya nai bila waja k million subscribers

Jo bhi ho aksay kumar best

Bohat bacus video ha 



I think Shraddha Kapoor is innocent she can&#39;t take drugs and she is innocent

Is mein jo jo tum bole hon uo sab jhut hain 

Collecting of man perfume,collecting shoes, wearing shirt while playing  is not bad

Man dignity and success shows in their  footware or shoes             - Priyanka Chopra

Shraddha is innocent 

Applying man&#39;s perfume is not bad habits

shradha is innocent

Shraddha is ️ 

Shraddha is innocent

These are not bad habits

Rani unexpected habit 

Aajeb ho tum log

Seriously , nakhun chabana but adat!Shoes dobara nehi penna but adat!Soap collection buri adat!Mehenge wali shoes Penna but adat?Do ghari Penna buri adat ! Pranking buri adat !Man&#39;s perfume lagana Khana , per dhona ye San buri adat !O Bhai dislike karo sub. ......

Kia do watch phenna bad habit hai. 

sometime they plays video games and also they addict the things which they don&#39;t like

Ye pagal ha

Bhai tumne top 10 ke baat ke thi na ke top 12 

Srk&#39;s shoes topic 

sabun collection  karna bhuri baat kya

Soap collection, wearing two watches, playing video games, writing from both hands and collection of shoes are not bad habits are not bad

Shraddha innocent hai



Shraddha kapoor is innocent 

Shraddha Kapoor drugs Nahin Leti Hai️️️

Lol what this guy is saying

It is fake

Shoe collection n boy perfume is not good bad habits

When he says haiiiiii

Bekar video

Shradda is innocent she is so smart

Writing with two hand it&#39;s not a bad habit it&#39;s actually a good habit and writing with left hand this work can do talented person only

Deepika is absolutely inosent, please don&#39;t blame her

Ap sharuk k bare mai yeh Sab kiya ulti palti bat kar rahe hai Pagal ho kya 

Eating also bad habit it&#39;s here wish

Salman Khan mein kya galat bat hai?????

Writing with both hands is not a bad habit

No

Pagaal YouTuber

Shraddha is really good heroin

Kya Video games kelna bad habit hai

Ye last wale word par kitna jor lagata h jaise&quot; hai&quot;

Biting nails   and collecting soaps is not bad habit all of us collect somthing  and biting nails many of us do it

Collecting shoes is not a bad habit . It is there wish . And writing from both hands is also not a bad habit , it is his talent

alia bhatt has a shock and even salman you plz dont take  them as there bad habits shocks are not bad habits because shock is what we love and bad hab is something which we dont love

Ye sab jhooth hai

No deepika Asa nehihe

No navar

I think Shraddha do not consumes drugs

Men&#39;s perfume ki aadat toh mujhe bhi h

WHAT THA FUCK SHARUKH KHAN

har 15 minutes me pair dhona meri bhi aadat hai

Jo innocent hote h vo dikhta nhi

Nakhoon chabana koi bdi baat nhi he... Pta nhi public... Itta bdha chadha kr kyu btati he sab 

Pagloo prank karna yaa shaops collection karna ya dono hatoo se likhna kha ki bad habits ha kuch biii soch krr vedio bnayaa karooo

Thopda na sopda priyanka chopda

It&#39;s cring video

This not are bad habbit ya

Ha late haa

Guilty

Nail biting is bad habit

Collection of soap is not a habbit

Having soaps , playing video games and shoes collection is not bad habit 

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent

What fake news deta he

Bahut achhi lagi.its most importnt habbit to our life karnaa chhachiye vekaj grv your lifretime validity vry soon like that

Shraddha is beautiful 

<a href="">3:42</a> kiski favourite hai ye



Shraddha Kapoor is innocent

I see shradha kapoor face she take drugs   I know because I also take drugs

Soup collection koi bad habit ha kya

kya hota 2 watch lana sa

Per dhina galt baat hai

Abe donkey shraddha ne drugs nai  lea vo oil le ti thi or vo legal he

Shraddha kapoor is best

Physiology says a person who bytes their nails are Genius, may be Karena Kapoor is Genius 

Why Alia is included???

Kuch bhi mtlb  kya video h ye ,

Dumb video

is washing feet a bad habit

only shradda one was bad and rani mukherji one was bad writing with 2 hands wearing 2 watches applying perfume are not bad habits

Bittin nails is not bad habits it is natural habit and i too have that habit

Same to you kareena kapoor.

Nahi hai

And don&#39;t talk about alia bhatt because in Kapil Sharma show she talk about her habit that she loves men perfumes because  men perfumes fragrance is very nice

So what man Salman soap collecting is not a bad habit it is  her shock

Is that all bad habits

Abe saale anokhe logon ki habits ko bhi isne bad habits bna rakha hai

No

I also bite my nails

No

no

Soap collection buri baat hai kya

Bhag sale srk koi froud nhi hai

Haan Deepika Padukone drugs Leti Hai

Sala tu buri adat bata raha haa yaa tu....  Bakwas kar raha haa sach maa soap collect karna buri adat haa Aor prank karna

My Shraddha Kapoor not to this way my favourite heroine I like so much my favourite Shraddha Kapoor I am big fan of Shraddha Kapoor and I don&#39;t know why she doing this way

Kuch bhi bologe

These are just some habits of flim actors

Dude I don&#39;t understand how some of these habits r bad cause most of them r not. Sir u need to explain this 

Are chutiya soap collection or mahnge shoes pahnana kharab adat h

Video games khalna khoie bad habits kya

Sharddha is enosent

Shardda kappor is innocent 

Priyanka Chopra has not bad habit

see srk&#39;s bad smell shoes are not any kind of a bad habit or playing video games is a bad habit

Leg ko bhi wash karna gandi bat hai

Why is the title bad habits 90%of the clips are not bad habits

Sabun ka collection 

Kya sops ka collection karna bad habit hai 

It a fake news about kapoor

bollywood is not innocent 

Koi bhi shareef nhi saale sabke sab chodu hai

Yes dipika is drug addicted

Not at all inocent

Hmm

Kya apko  koi dusra nhi mila

Are bhaiya kya video banate ho. Good smelling Soap collection, buying costly clothes, using men&#39;s perfumes are bad habits. hats off to your video for such an information

Worst video

Collecting soap , having many shoes &amp; playing  video games are not  Bad Habbits

<a href="">3:49</a> can&#39;t stop laughing 

Sharadha is innocent

Non of them are bad habits expect doing drugs and somking

Bad bad

Kya game khelni galat baat hai kya 

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent

Fake video shradda is not drug addicted girl

Kia 10002000 shoes smoking  very bad habit

Shoes or vuedio game khana bad habits hai 

O bhai tum pagal ho kiya bad habits matlab ganda harkat Or kam ko bolta hai bad habbit.. Or tum to actors ka mahangi cheez dekhara ho kon amir(rich) hai 

Abey ye bad habit bata raha hai ya bakchodi karne wala hai

Kya soaps collect karna bhi bad habit hai

Video games khelta burie adat ha 

I think Shraddha Kapoor is innocent ️️️

You are such a fool

Sordha kapur ganda ladki ha

Sunny leoan ..ka hbit sirf per duna nhi aru kuch hain

Hain 

Haiiinnn haiinnn bolke irritate krdiya

She is innocent 

Ha

Juhi chawla hates Aamir khan because he pranked her

Shradha is innocent

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent ️

Shoes hamar jhat aarab me

Sab ke sab chor he sale.!!!!

No Deepak do not take drugs



Soaps collect karna kaunsi buri baat hai

Sharadha is innocent

Nop

Shraddha kapoor can&#39;t consume drugs

He is just want to be famous. He is telling all rong

Playing video game, wearing costly shoes and collecting soaps is not a bad habits.

Salman Khan Khan ki koi bro adat nahin ha

Unlike 

pgl ho kya soap collect karna buri aadat thodi hai .

Bhaiyo is pagl ko dislike karo ye pagl kuch bhi bolra he 

Nai

Yay kya bolthi thum

They have money that&#39;s what they have rest they have nothing good

Everyone in bollywood consume drugs&#39;

Ttttttyy

My wish is that the sradha kapoor is inusent

What is this you are saying lie about this bad habits with all actors

I hate alia bhatt 

Es video me bad habit kya hai

Kya soap &amp; shoes collection is bad habit? I dont think it is bad habbit

Teri bhi ek Gandi Adat haeeee haeeee haeeee 

I know shradha Kapoor didn&#39;t take any drugs

Sardhaaa aur dipeeka nhi lti hein meri khayal se

Sabse innocent bad habit bhaijaan ki hai,  aroma soap collection.

Shraddah is too innocent. You are a liar.

Sratha kapoor is inocent

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent

Aap bad habits to kam bata rahe hai aur paiso Amiri jyada dikha rahe hai

I just don&#39;t understand why you guys are interested in celebrities affairs it&#39;s their habit .just live them alone.Very strange n our Indians should change their mentality .

Yes

tu kya alia se puchne gaya tha kya uske ghar ma kya hai

10 bolke 12 dekharaha hai

Innocent hai sharadhaa

Sraddha to drug leti hai our leti rahegi jab tak jiyegi tab tk

Shradha kapoor 

Nahi bhai sahab yeh bata dijie ki 2 ghadi pahenna buri baat hai kya

I can&#39;t stop  Laughing when you said Sanskari Heroine   Rani mokharjee....

Yes

Sunny Leone ki ak adat baki ha 

If someone like to collect expensive soap that not called bad habit

Salman Khan ka asliyet batao black buck case car run over huh !

Bro are u mad? 1) These are not bad habits2) These actress do not consume any kind of drugs3) Delete this video4) Aur shoes collection is not a bad habit it is a good habit

Abhi gnndu ya sab kya koii bad habit h.. Tum jesa ke wajah sa he sab ko galt nazar sa dekhte h kon sa nasha krta hu tum sab.... Sasta nasha mat kiya karu.. Agar acha nasha ke liya pase nhi h tu btao ya phir milta nhi h tume tu bhi btao. Ya ha sab available h btao kon sa krna chte hu...

Jo jitni sundar uska character utni kharap ha

No

No Shraddha can&#39;t be drug addicted....

Cheap

Hoooooooooooooooooooo

Deepika and shraddha take drugs

Bad

Aur jinke pass itne paise  une kharch karne do na bhai tu mara kya jarahe

No shraddha Kapoor and dipika padukon nai karte hai

Shraddha Kapoor no

No

kareena kapoor and my bad habit is same

These all things are not bad habits

It&#39;s her choice 

Shardha is a not inocent

mujhe laga sunny leoni ko har 15 min main lene ki aadat hai 

Soap collect Kar bad habitat nhi haii 

No shradda is so innocent

I think collecting soaps and playing video games are not bad habit

Playing video games are not bad habits but thanks for telling all this

No one is enocent

Teko kya karna hai soup

These are not or celebrity they all are fake. And f... K

Collecting aroma soaps can be a WEIRD habbit not BAD!!

Yea

Bakchoti video

Yes

2 so what

No

Thanks for 30 ️ab 50 kardo ️

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent

Sharadda Kapoor is bad actor

Inosant

Correct

Many people smoke that can&#39;t judge a person 

Simply insulting stars for silly things accept drug consumeing

I can’t understand what is the difference between man and woman We can use any perfume we want Alia Bhat is my favourite 

Nahi hai

Shraddha kapoor is so innocent

क्या फालतू फंड की वीडियो बनाई है असली बैड हैबिट है इनकी सेक्स लाइफ और ड्रग्स लाइफ साबुन जूते पहनना क्या बेकार का काम किया है इस वीडियो में सेंटर तो एकदम फालतू आदमी है

Nahi Matlab aab log apne nakhun na chabaye, aur nahi shoes kharide nahi sabun lagaye , na watch pehne, na  dostome prank kre, aab sent bhi use na kare, bhai uske pair hai jitna marzi dhoye Hadd hoti hai unki bhi private life hai bhai

Baccha baccha jaanta h

Abe bhai sahi se investigation to kar liya kar ke Shahrukh Khan ki bed habit smoking

Who r u to react on their life

Shoses soaps and play video game and every time wash legs are not bad habbit

Lagta hai tune Bollywood ki dance party Dekhe Hain Nahin Hai

Collection of shoes is not bad habits

Koti dia

Innocent hai

These are not bad habit you aren&#39;t actor and you are talking about theme so you mean we couldn&#39;t were two watches or at the shooting we shoud not wash your your acting like you won&#39;t wash the feet with water after bathroom no any one can laugh that I said bathroom but this is comman and Deepika is good girl she won&#39;t do that kind of things ok be good for everyone god bless you

Collecting soap , wearing 2 watches , collecting shoes , putting men&#39;s perfume ,  playing video games is not bad habbit

Shradha dii ki barre me kn pls pls 

What bad habit

Kuchh bhi matlab kuchh bhi ye konsi bad habbit hui or salman amitab or priyanka kya he isme ky bad huaaa kuchh bhi 

I don&#39;t know who is innocent actor but Jo dikhta hai usi ko log sach mante hai prr Aisa nhi hota

Unexpected from Rani Mukerji 

Video Ka Title Doesn&#39;t Match with the Content.. Title Change Karo.

Salmaan khan aur Priyanka Chopra ke case mai use bad habit nhi hobby ya obsession kehte hai.... Aur ye stereotype hai ki perfume girls ke alag aur boys ke alag.!!! Abb aap hi batao perfume ka kam hai hume fresh feel krvana, accha smell krvana ya gandi badbu se bachana.... To isme girls aur boys ka difference kyu hai??? Aur agar Alia ko mens perfume pasand bhi hai to kya badi bat hai... Vo bhi koi bad habit nhi hai..

Good  and   bad   video

Yeh admi Thora pagal hai

Inocent

Now no man and women and no boy and girl ok

Salman Khan ko me like nhi karte Itana

Shradha and dipeeka is inocent

MATLAB Kuch bhi

Shrada is inocent

Collection of soap is not a bad habit and wearing  very expensive shoes is also not a bad habit ok  . Lier lier

Lier

No

Sraddha  is innocent I think

There are some habits which are not bad habits

Rani mukharjee

if someone takes drugs, iy does not mean that they are not innocent.... it is the matter of addiction, if an innocent person takes drugs, then will he not  be innocent ?? and yes, shraddha had only consumed cbd oil which is completely legal ...... understand the reality before speaking

You shut up Shraddha Kapoor is my favourite

Using man&#39;s perfume is not a bad habit.

I believe shraddha is innocent, she is so cute.

No

No

Kya soap collection krna buri bat h

Soap collection is not bad habbit.......

This video is so 

You are spending bad news

Kusch kam bure nie he jese amita bajan garni pehna kuj bure kam tori he

It&#39;s a style of wearing two watches in one hand not a bad habit

Collecting soaps is not a bad habit. Every person likes to do collection while it is soap or shoes.

Sharaddha just act like innocent

Last word are heeeeeeee heeeee Kitna bak bak krti he

1no

Amitabh bacchan ki pen collection ki video please banana 

Hahahaha  the same 

Deepika is innocent

Shraddha is innocent

U don&#39;t know the meaning of bad habits I think 

Tumara 2 ya 3 bad habits correct ha lakin bouth things wrong ha ok

Oo hello Ak hand me 2 gari panchan na not bad habit

Abe chup

No.1 innocent

excuse me mr. celebrity news reporter or whatever.... do u have any proof that shraddha is drug consumer.... yes she have been called for investigation but she was prooved innocent... do provide some valid resons and also get the coreect information mannn

Ye aadt sabki hoti he krina jesi

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent she did not do anything Rhea Chakraborty blamed her because she did not want to get in trouble.

Haaa

Chutiye la bana raha hai



Shraddha kapoor  is not drug consumer

Sharaadha is inocent

In this video there are so many things that r not baad habits

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent she can&#39;t do anything wrong 

Don’t know

And who believe that shradha can&#39;t take drugs plz comment

And do you have any prove that shradha take drugs and don&#39;t creat bad image of shradha in her fans mind

what non sense sharadha can&#39;t take drugs she is a good human being and best

Having large collection of  shoes ,perfumes ,playing video games,wearing two watches are not bad habits except cigarette smoking, drugs and eating nails are bad habits ...its seems to be that you haven&#39;t differentiate between good and bad habits ....

Ae Salman bhai ko kabhi roast mat karna he is a man with golden heart

Don’t know about shradha

Sraddha is innocent

Wtf

even i  eat nakhul

shradha kapoor is good

Amitabh Bachchan does not have any bad habit

Collecting soaps is not a bad habit

Shradha kapoor is inoccent

Shraddha is innocent

ha dp leti h

ha sk innocent h

Deepika Padukone and Shraddha Kapoor do not consume drugs. Understood you fool?

Sradha is best  actor

Sushant Singh rajput is the best hero miss uh sushant kbhi Milla toh nhi prrr essa lagta hei  koi apna khoo Diya hooo

I don&#39;t like Shraddha Kapoor

Smoking

Pls put your title as bad habits and weird likings.... It makes sense, only writting bad habits and showing write with two hands , washing feet and all doesn&#39;t make sense

She is innocent

Yes

stop making unneccesary videos for views

if somebody is taking drugs its not that he or she is not inocent...its all about getting addicted.. addiction cant judged by innocence...there are many innocent people are effected by drugs..

Yes

Ek bat batao ap bad habit bata Raha ho ya sirf habit bata Raha ho

In case shahrukh khan smoke is not show in the video while he wear shoes is a bad habits it is not a bad habit he smoke cigarettes is a bad habit

Chutiya tuje pata hai kya srk ke bare main kya bol raha hai Srk game khel te to aaj bhadasha nahi hote and busineman nahi hote

I don&#39;t think so this things are bad habits 

Deepika is a bad actrees

What are you talking the jewelries perfumes shoes

Wil you stop )tallking

Shraddha Kapoor  is innocent

Only one actor is innocent SSR    JUSTICE FOR SSR

I think priyanka chopra consumes drugs, but shraddha don&#39;t consumes drugs.

No

Every single actor/actress take drug ........

Alia Bhatt ,Salman Khan ,Amitabh Bachchan, Priyanka Chopra do not have bad habit

Bruh is washing feets bad habit can someone tell???

No

Ashish chancalani is my favorite

When I saw sunny Leone photoMe: F where is my headphones

Sharddha kapoor is not taking drugs. You are saying wrong.

Shraddha kapoor is liar

Alia bhat ki aadat bhi buri nhi hai

Amitabh bachan ka bhi soukh hi hai ye bhi Koi buri aadat nhi

Soap collection Apna soukh hai to kya ye bad habit hai

Ok

Mujha lagte hai Shraddha can&#39;t do this..its just impossible...

Kareena ️️️

This is not bad habbits

Shraddha Kapoor is INOSENT

Shraddha is insanta

Isme se bhut sa too tarif hi hain 

Your &quot;hai&quot; is 

Shraddha is innocent

Washing feets after every 15 min is not a bad habit.

<a href="">2:03</a> I have the use the same L&#39;OCCITANE soap

Shraddha is always innocent

Abeee chutya h kya tu

Collection of shoes , collection of soaps , applying men perfume  , wearing 2 watches and playing video games is not a bad habit.............

Mujhe To Lagta Hai truck Leti Hai

Alia chakki hai

So what I also white nail

Shraddha is cute

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent for some reasons she is in the case and she didn&#39;t consume drug

shraddha kapoor innocent hein

No

Salman ko gaadi thokne ki aadat hai

RIP Drug addicts saale harami

<a href="">0:50</a> shradha kapur is not inoccent

Washing legs is not a bad habit

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent..

Yeh gawar ko habits ka matlab hi nahi hai..

What is bad if amitah sir wear 2 watches at one time he love than he wear who agree with me

So what, agar kareena nail kamra tiha faltu video tu maraga sab tum par babakuf.........

She is only enocent..........

Shraddha is innocent

Nhi

Haaa

Shraddha kapoor is innocent she is not a drug addict and why are spreading rumors

Collection shoes collection soaps wearing 2 watch pranking mens perfume eating washing feet are not bad habbits

Sunny ki aadat achi h is burai kya h

I can&#39;t except that amitabh bachan has a bad habit

Rahi hai hai hai ye hai ye haiYe kon hai bhai

Nice

Na toh depika aor na shardha drugs lati hai

bar bar hai hai

collecting soap, having many shoes &amp; playing games is not BAD HABITS even I play games I have so many shoes even danish zehen had many shoes

Tumko kese jante ho

Shradha is no enosent

Drug abductors can be identified by there watery eyes .

Sunny Leone’s one more bad habit f**k

Shraddha Kapoor and Sara Ali Khan is innocent

Using men&#39;s perfume is not bad habits

ja badwa

No

Shradha kapoor seriously are u crazy or something she is not like that she will never do tht and u talking about narcotic office pic they took her investigation and left her I thing ur mad

Shoes khata karna, soap jamana agr bad habit ha ..mujhe ekdam pata nahi tha. Mujhe lagta ha ki soap jamana e.t.c. is fully the choice of who is doing it. Worst channel I have ever seen

Top 10 ki jagah top 12..dikha rhe ho

Shraddha Di Is Innocent

Perfume  doesn&#39;t matter

Sharrada  is bad

Using Men&#39;s Perfume, Wearing Watch In Both Hands , Soap Collection , Shoe Collection Is Not A Bad Habit Writting From Both Hands Is Not A Bad Habit It&#39;s A Talent

Except depika shradda and shahrukh Khan all others are not bad habits

Ganda

Shoes mein kya he Inhe Aur soaps mein bhi kuch galat nai he Amitabh is also mot wrong its his choice isme bad kya Prank karna bhi galat nai he its just for fun Aur men’s perfume mein bhi galat nai he yarr unki choice he And eating food is not bad ofc Pear dhona bhi galat nai he Agar koi in Saab baatein par agree karta he to like and comment kare

Collecting soaps having many shoes playing vidwo games are not bad habits

Kareena Kapoor 40 ki hai naki 36 ki

She is not inocent

Soap is not bad habbet

Nail biting is not a bad habit

Shradha is innocent

shayad se sunny is very hygiene so its not a bad habit

are these shoes smell and soap collection shoe collection are bad habit really

Two watches pehna bad habbit tell me why

Pagal

Biting teeth is not bad habit

No

No

Ya

To wash legs is good habit

Abbey chutiye Youtuber tera itna kya jata  hai.

Shahrukh Khan and Salman khan is legend of Bollywood.. ️

Thoje kaise pta ki enki bad yehi hai 

All are not bad habits

Pranking is not a bad habit

Shraddha kapoor to meri jaan ha itni cute ha vo drugs kase leti ha

SHRADDHA KAPOOR AND DEEPIKA PADUKONE IS INNOCENT 

Writing with both hands is not a bad habit

Deepika is a good Woman someone told her to take drugs she told no so the men told her I will kill your family so she told ok now u will ask me that how do I know I was there I told the police now they r searching for him I am Deepikas cousin 

Deepika drug consusumer nehi kartihe

Shraddha is inocent

Shradha Kapoor is innocent

Sharukh my favorite kyunki mujhe game khelna pasand hai

Sharadha Kapoor is innocent

Wearing two watches on hand is not at all a bad habit

Shradha is inoant

Wtf this is the most ridiculous video ive seen on utube even selfie meny lay li hai is better than this video i mean really bro chewing nails is a bad habit lol  every body does this or bata bhi aisy rahy ho jesy breaking news hoo fuck you bro fuuck you

Kya videos games khelna bad habbit hai I don&#39;t think soo

Sk mam is sooo innocent, she only takes CBD oil which is legal in our country. So don spread rubbish about shraddha mam 

Shraddha Kapoor innocent 

Collecting of soap ,shoes and playing  video game is not bad habbit

Collecting men&#39;s perfumes is not a bad habit

Abe summylion to porn bhi karti thi to tuje vo nahi dikha ki tu bhi uska fan he

Shraddha Kapoor innocent ha and Deepika Padukon innocent nahi hai

Pranking on set is not a bad habit at allAnd man&#39;s perfumee is also not abad habitWashing foot is abad habit i didn&#39;t hear this beforeWhat&#39;s this  my god

Is wearing two watches and collection of mens perfumes is a bad habit?????

No Shraddha Kapoor

I am also nail biting girl it is not bad habit

Shraddha drugs consumer nhi h

Srk game khelte hai to kya yeh bad habit hai mere pas 50 se zada game example gta 5, red dead redemption 2, anthem watch dogs legion, assassim creeds vallahla

I love shradda

Shraddha kapoor is innocent....

And collecting shoes, playing video game , applying men&#39;s perfume and wearing two watches is not a bad habit Edit : thanks for so many likes

Deepika Padukone is innocent 

abe bot juute aur soap collect krne mei kya burai haitu ek hi juuta pehenta hai hamesha?

Tera maa ki_<i>____</i>

No

Sharddha kapoor is very innocent

Salman and kareena mere liye ajiib nahi hai,even I love the aroma of soap and always bite my nails

Soap ko collection k buri habit h aasi video na banaya kro

What is this collecting shoes is not bad habit I need new shoes every week

Everyone bites nail it is not a bad habit

What is the prblm for wearing 2 watches and mens perfume ??

Who is here to see that if shraddha is innocent or not

Shraddha kapoor is most adorable starkid.. She is very grounded and innocent........ I m her biggest fan.... Who else is her biggest fan

I think that shraddha kapoor is innocent

Nakhoon chabna nd gam khela buri adat nd saboon

I don&#39;t think that collecting shoes sopes and washing legs are all bad habits and ya I think deepika will take and shraddha too maybe 

Ha

i dont believe that shradha is drug addicted

Nail biting ki tho problem mujhe bhi hai and it’s very common

Sharrdha Kapoor is innocent

You are saying anything

Why karrena

Shraddha is sooo innocent girl

Not only that kareena is very rude to her fans

Aby lavdu bad habit ka tital dala kha h or bta ra or kuch sale chutad

Shradha kapoor is so bad girl

Nahin hai bhai innocent

Who don&#39;t like Alia put like

Amir khan ka muje fake lagrahahaii Muje nahi lagraha wo ese karenga

Abe saale ya sab bad habit nahi hai

Using men perfumes is not a bad habit

Soap collection, wearing two watches, playing video games, writing from both hands and collection of shoes are not bad habits

Pata nahi yeh sab aishe shok kyo palte hai inse inhi ko nuksaan hai

Nhi hai shraddha inocent

i dont know why these actors are spoiling there good career by consuming drugs or alcohol

You write 10 in tital but you do 12

Pagal

Of course shraddha is innocent

I also have habit like sunny Leone in some time I use to wash my face and legs

I don&#39;t think thik that Shraddha Kapoor is used <a href="">drug.men</a> perfume keeping is bad habbit.

Drug is a bad habit

Inosent

Bhi eating food is not bad habit Khana nhi khai gai tho tu bachai ga kiya Pagal 

Wearing 2 watch is not a bad habit

Many of them are perfumes  fan so what even I am also  perfumes  fan

How much you know about  Sharradha Kapoor

This  all is not an bad habbit

Shut up

Me aap kuch bee nahi bata sakta jin actor ke jese banne ki me koshish karta hu vahi asa karenga to hamara kya hoga hamare desh nepotism ko bahut badavaa milraha he talent ki koi khadar nahi 

YOU ARE JUST SHOWING EVERYTHING IN A NEGATIVE WAY ... ur showing it wrong

SHRADHA IS INNOCENT AND EVEN IF SHE IS NOT I STILL LOVE HER

Sunny ki adat accha hai 

Do gadi pehan na bad habit nai he

Shraddha is not a drug consumer . By mistake she drunk the alcohol one day

Collecting soaps are not a bad habbit

Shraddha kapoor is inocente

No  Shraddha  is  not  innocent

Collecting soaps is not a bad habits

Abai chup kar cbd oil laiti hai shraddha galat information falanai par report kar dange

Bhai pahele puch kay aya good habit or bad habit may kya fark hota ha

Deppika bhi durrgist ha

Sardha durggiist ha

Sardya is inocent

What is bad in  putting men or women perfume

Shraddha Kapoor ko chor ke kisike bad habits nhi hai hum bhi nakhun chabate soaps collect kar ye hai

Being a prankstar and and using men&#39;s perfume is not a bad habit

So wat happened its her wiss

Sabke sab randiii hai

Bhai pehle ye bata tujhme har line k baad Sunny Deol kyu aa jata hai???

yes

yes they all bad

Set up

Shradha is innocent she is not drinking also

shraddha kapoor is innocent

<b>Dear Parents</b>

Salman Khan , Priyanka, Amitha bachan , Alaya batt ki koi galt habbit nhi haa

Head vadi

Apki avaj kahfi have type haea

Innocent

Chutia SRK ka shoe nahi nikalna uska majburi hai ya Addiction chutia

<a href="">5:29</a>

Style you talk is bad habit

And Deepika padukone to not do drugs conjuring you got it you idiot video makers

U are a loyer shrddha Kapoor is not a drive carrier she was stuck is a casae because of reya shunts gff u got it

Inocent

Oo to nepotism shraddha aunty drugs leti hai mujhe pata tha isiliye shraddha aunty ko like nahi usko

Hai

Hai

Wearing two watches and prank and collet soap

Sunny Leone ki bad habbit

itna ganda channel kabhi dekha hi nahi mere life me

keeping men&#39;s perfume is not at all a bad habit if you don&#39;t know then why do you put videos

In your video half is not the bad habits you don&#39;t know about don&#39;t do video like this

IN Me koi bhi buri aadat nahi ha

<a href="">2:10</a> is not a bad habbit

Having 2000 shoes is not bad habit, it&#39;s a fashion

Only sharadhha and. Deepika has bad habbit but other don&#39;t have bad habbit Other have anokhe habbit

No depika pudokone

2 hand writing is not bad habit

What&#39;s wrong with you shoes and soaps collection is not bad habit and wearing  2 watches is not bad habit keep in mind and men&#39;s perfume collection is not bad habit️

Bro nail eating is not bad I toooo have that habit

SALMAN KHAN KI AUR BURI AADAT HAI

Shraddha Kapoor drug addict I was a her big fan but no more now.

Washing feet is not a bad habbit

1 bad haabit buri thi

That&#39;s not a bad habbit to collect aroma soaps,shoes,wearing 2 watches etc.

man  perfume lagana buri  aadat  nhi  hai   ?? usko  pasand  hai  to  vo  lagati  hai  simple.

having men perfume is not a bad habit

write with two hands is not a bad habit

Having soaps collection is not a bad habit

Shardah is innocent

JO VIDEO BANANA WO PAKKA CHUTIYA HAI!!!!

You should name your video Bollywood stars unique habits

I don&#39;t no

Shraddha kapoor is not innocent

Anuki private ceshse hai time ka hai jane mein mental

Mujhe bhi khusbudaar sabun pasand hain

Deepika Padukone Aisa Nahi kar sakti

Shraddha Kapoor and Deepika Padukone is not taking dress

Innocent

Laude

Pagal

Pagal admi yeah Khaha Se ayea ha

Tujha kya hotha

Do you know shraddha consume drugs .. First collect proper details and upload .. Idiot 

I have also have a bad habit  nakhun chubana



soaps collecting is not a bad habit

Some r fake

Aap sab dekha ha aliya man&#39;s perfumes use karthe videoAmitha bachhan kabi watch ka ads ma 2 watch pehna hoga

AMITABH BACHCHAN HABIT IS NOT BAD HABIT

Don&#39;t even dare to tell anything about Shraddha Kapoor is very beautiful girl and innocent girl if you tell anything about Shraddha Kapoor in next video then watch.

Ha dipika drug lati ha

Writing in 2 hands is a bad habit I don&#39;t think so.   . I think it is a vv good habit

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent

Shoes collection is not bad habit

Nail biting is not a bad habit

Tujhe Sabke Bad habits kaise pata tu kya yeh sabse puch tach karta hain aur tu kya in sabko roz phone karta hai inke bad habits janne ke liye

yes i think she will

nunsense

Enosent

Kya be sala hai hai  bolta rehta hai kutta kahi ka

2 gharyon ke sath rehna gunnah he

Soaps ka collection rakhna koi bad habbit ha

Salman khan_soap, Priyanka_shoes, Amitabh_watches, Alia_mens perfume, sunny_washing legs... .. These were can&#39;t be a bad habbits.. Ruined you channel

Shardha Kapoor is inocentMe : nahi

Kyaa bekar ki baat karke dusro ki time waste karwa rahe ho

<a href="">5:00</a> no never

Soap collect karna bad habit nanihai

Nahi h

Shraddha  di is inosant ok 

No Deepika Padukone will never do that!!!!!!!!

S

Sharadha kapoor is innocent

I don&#39;t think so that Shahrukh Khan not opening his shoes is because of the smell...i think on this topic he have already spoke in an interview during the promotion of his film &#39; Happy New Year&#39;

How is writing with two hands a bad habit

Shardddha kapoor is inocent because she was so sexy

Shraddha kapoor is innocent

Inmein se jyadatar to normal habits hai na fir Unki Marji hai Tumhen kya aur vah koi bat hi nahin hai

Yeah kaise bad habits hai

why  you jealous of salman khan

Yes

this is fake i dont believe

Eating food of Ranveer Singh is not bad habit

Shraddha Kappor is not druggist.......

Shradhanjali is inocent

Shraddha Kapoor innocent hai

Not bad habites

wearing 2 watches in hand is not bad habbit

soap colleaction is not a bad habbit

Very bad deepika padukone

Very bad Rani Mukhar g

Yes shraddha kapoor eat drugs

Wassing leg is not a bad habbit

Naahi

In sari habits ko sirf bad habits nhi bolte

Shardha kapoor cosmue drugs

Shraddha Kapoor do not take drugs . This is false

Shaddha is innocent

Shraddha innocent

I think you should learn what is good and bad habits .....this video should be reported

Having collection is also not bag habit

No shraddha kapoor is inocent

Shraddha totally innocent

Shradha is anocent

Shraddha Kapoor is not a drug addict , she has only consumed CBD Oil

Shraddha kapoor is innocent

To iisme bura kya ha be...tujhe aur Kuch kaam ha ya nahi

Oh Shraddha k bre me q bkws krhy

No

Nai

Shraddha Kapoor is inocent

<a href="">3:30</a> Oh seriously

shah rukh khan ko kuch mat bolo jinda gadunga

Yes Deepika is taking drugs

Shraddha is not at all innocent

Shraddha kapoor is so innocent

No I don&#39;t think so she do ths also

is

So u r the drug dealer of bollywood

Sharaddha or beauti queen 

Nai hai

The titel is bad habbit but in majorty is good habbit

No but no to consume drugs

shraddha kapoor is innocent.she did not consume any drugs.she only used CBD oil which is legal in india.she was summoned by NCB only because she attended the success party of chicchore  in sushant&#39;s house.don&#39;t make video&#39;s without knowing the full information.

Wearing 2 watch and writing with 2 hands and wash legs 15 min 15 min it&#39;s not bad habit

LOL

Kareena virus

TU KYA JAA KE DEKHTA HAI KI WOHH KITNA CIAGRETTE PEETI HAIN

I know the about Rani Mukerji bad habbit

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent

Esme sirf shradha kapoor and Rani Mukherjee and Deepika Padukone hi galt hai or koi bhi nahi

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent

No shraddha not takes drugs

Yes

Shraddah is innocent

Aapki bhi ek buri chiz hai kisi aur ki burai karna .Inhone boht struggle kiya hai iseleye ye log is position mai hai.Kindly dont make this kind of video.And u r not the NCB Officer that u will say that these actresses consumes drug or not.If u dont have any topic dont make videos but dont make such rubbish and senseless

Writing with two hands is not a bad habit

Madar

Shraddha is reallly honest, it&#39;s proven that she used CBD oil to recover from anxiety. Don&#39;t say rumours 

Yaa always Shraddha Kapoor is inosent

wearing two watch, collecting soaps, and keeping mens perfume is not bad habbit

I don&#39;t think shradha take drugs

Shradhdha  Kapoor  is  inosent  I  believe it

Salman sir ke collection se ky bad habbit hai

Aroma soap collection is not a bad habit

Writing of two hands is not a bad habit

But nail eating is a bad habit

Prank is not a bad habit

Salmon has also habit of killing people while drunk

Sharddha kapoor is beautiful she is lovely

Shraddha is not at all drug consumer or drug addict

Nahi shradda kapoor aisa bilkul nahi karti

Big fan

Shraddha kapoor is innocent

Writing in both hands is not a bad habit... Because writing with both hands it&#39;s not easy this work only talented can do

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent i believe her my fav. Actress

Nitin drugs speaking Nahin Hai

Kapas ka Nahin cigaret hai

sardha kapoor Buri nhi he

Nail eating is not a bad habit

Gg

I hate those who take drugs

You duffer you lier shraddha Kapoor does not eat drugs ok you don&#39;t tell them ok I know what shraddha does ok because I am her sister

Didn&#39;t accept by Rani Mukherjee

Shraddha is very innocent Alia is drug consumer

yes she Is innocent

Game khelna galat baat hai saboon khareedna galat baat hai shoe khareedna galat baat hai do ghari pehnna or dono haat se likhna galat baat hai khana khana galat baat haiPagal

Shradha Kapoor is inosent

Depika mam OR shardha mam drugs leti hai ye mane nhi socha 

Isme se aadhe se jyada toh kisi bhi celebrity ki buri aadat h hi nhi. Ha kuch h par sab nhi 

Aapko kya lena dena salman khan kya krta h ya nhi.

Oofff koji Rani mukharjeel

Shraddha is not drug consumer and Deepika is drug consumer

Offff koja sharukh khan

Badmash h sharddha kapoor

shrudha is sexy

Is collecting perfume bad habit?

Shoes  collection is not bad habit Wearing two watch is not bad habit. Man perfumes is not bad habit Washing feet is not bad habit

At least Salman sir bad habits r not tat bad than the other celebraties

I don&#39;t believe that shardha kappor eats drugs

Bacwas video

Tiger shroff is the best actor 

Pagal video pagal video maker collection or collecting things is not bad habit you bloody b a d

Shraddha kapoor is very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very innocent, multi talented, cute, beautiful, angel, helpful, kind Shraddha kapoor is the best Actress singer and Dancer in Bollywood Industry ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️

Shradha Kapoor is innocent

What is bad in Amitabh Bachchan and priyanka chopra habits

What is a bad habit of Amita Bacham I don’t think simply what and all you put

Drugs ko chhorke Bta tune kya nahi Kia h bro isme se, ye bad habits nahi h bas drugs and cigarettes h,dusro ka C mat bnao

Bc Don&#39;t through garbage on Sradha .... she is one of the innocent actress in Bollywood

Chup shraddha drug consume nahi krti

Shraddha is not at all innocent always other star kids why she is not

Washing feet is not a bad habit...... isn&#39;t it

@Celibrity newssaale abhi confirm nahi hua hai ki shraddha kapoor drugs leti hai aur shoes collect karna konsi bad habit hoti hai

Shraddha kapoor is innocent

Tuhjhe kaise Pata ki Alia ke ghar per bhaut dare men perfume hain tu Kya uske ghar gaya tha Kya? 

Shraddha kapoor is always innocent love you shraddha whoever thinks shraddha is cute hit a like

Shraddha SK

Shraddha innocent aaa

shrada kapoor is inocent

No you are wrong shraddha is innocent

I dont like shraddha kapoor but I dont think she consumes drugs becuase her presence of mind is really good

Dono hoto se likhan bad habit hain

i dont think shradha and deepika use drug hi i m nepalese

Bakwas video

Tandnail mai tho kuch aur hi bataya tha . Thandnail par mat jana

These are not at all bad habits those are only collections

Every person name you said are alcoholic and drug addicted one is alia bhutt

Shradha Kapoor is incent

Shrdha mam, Ankushka mam, kirti mam best ️

Shraddha is innocent

Plzz Shraddha ka bare me kuch mat Shraddha Kapoor innocent hai

Bollywood singar Zubin Garg lifestyle

Yes

Yes

Shraddha is not an alcoholic

No

Shraddha is not an alcoholic neither she is a drug consumer. This is a wrong information. Please do look after this

Sharad kapoor bhohat pari he

Deepika is not drug consumer

No

Aliyabhatt is not female she is

Shraddha kapoor is innocent

Innocent

Deepika padukone is not drugs adict

Proud Tiger Shroff fan️

Pagal Shraddha Drugs Addicted nhi hai Aur Thumbnail Me Alcoholic Kyu likha hai pagal saala

Such a fake video Also shoe collection &amp; writing with both hands are both bad habits

Priyanka Chopra is the most famous and she&#39;s my favourite don&#39;t say that collecting shoes is bad habit Apna video Kabhi mat Lana

Salman Khan ko costly soap ka shauk hai Tu Ya Buri Aadat hui kya aur video Apna mat Lana

Shraddha kapoor aisa nahi kar sakte

Shraddha is innocent

john cena lafe style

SHE IS DRUG ADDICT

Shradha kapoor nepotism

Shraddha Kapoor is not at all drug addict  don&#39;t spread rumours!! She soo innocent  nd sweet......

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent

No shradha ka bara ma ghot math bolo

U went for alia butt house for cheeking her prfum in her house what idoet persons they ar

Vo sali insunt nahi he

shraddha kapoor is innocent

Amitabh Bachchan ke bare me kuch bola to ghar aa ke maruga

It&#39;s not bad habit, it&#39;s there choose Salman Khan is best.

Please report his video because he is using clickbait in almost every video and  collecting soaps or using mens perfume in not a bad habit you have earned subscribers but not a connection with your subscribers and by  using clickbaits you can gain subscribers but not respect

Bhai pahela ap bol raha ho ki wo drugs lati hai phir bolta ho ki kya apko ya baat saach lagti hai.Kya hai ya bhai

<b>Shraddha is not a Alcoholic, Edit your clickbait thumbnail She has been proved Innocent</b>

Shraddha kapoor just took CBD oil which is legal in India, And she was summoned NCB due to She was attended chhichhore success at Sushanth&#39;s farm house that&#39;s it, She is innocent. No one becomes accused if NCB summoned

Deepika drug nehi leti

Collecting soaps , having many shoes &amp; playing video games are not BAD HABBITS

Ha leti hai

I was litrelly biting my nails while watching kareen kapoors bad habit

She is innocent

I dont think so shraddha consumes, but alia bhatt for sure,  heat for sushant my fav, what badhboo for my fav srk and sk,  amitabh ,aamir,sirs no bad habits,

It is wrong from where did you sherce

Sharddha kapoor is inosent

Hello

Ok

I think Amitabh bachchan is right

Alia cute nehi hai

Deepika doesn&#39;t take drugs

Sara Ali Khan Kaha gayi

Hey karina is 40 now

Aur apki bad habit hai logon ki zindagi me dhakal dena

No Shraddha never consume drugs l don&#39;t believe in this fake news

Alia bhatt ki buri habit nahi he

2 chutiya hai kiya

Shraddha is innocent

you had proof was rani mukhraji are chain smoker

I don&#39;t think that they both take drugs

Shraddha Kapoor is innocent and she had already gaven clean chit

Shraddha is innocent

Plz tell about thanisk bagachi

Very 

Hi friend 

Alia bhuttt cute nhi chunaal h

Yes

<a href="">1:55</a> what is the  problem in collecting soaps ?

Amitabh Bachchan habit is not nad

How dare you say that sraddha take drugs

You are making fake video

Randy Orton lifestyle

Shraddha mam hasn&#39;t consumed drugs. Her consumption hasn&#39;t been yet proved. So please stop blaming her. <a href="">#IStandwithShraddhaKapoor</a>

Khana khana bad habit hai oh bhai maro mujhe maro 

Playing games is not bad habits

No

All the habits are not bad

Shraddha kapoor is innocent

Shraddha Kapoor asha Kabhi khari Shakti

Randy Orton lifestyle

Stop it

It is a quality to write from both hands and it is not a bad habit

Innocent

Shraddha Kapoor drugs leti hai

Mujhe lagta hai inmese 4 actor actresses ka adat bohot Bure hai . they are Shraddha,Aamir,Rani mukharji and dipika.Agar mere Baat apko sahi lage to niche ak like kardo.

Putting men&#39;s perfume it&#39;s not a bad habit

Muitji too nahi lakta hai ki deepika drugs lita hoga

Shradda kapoor innocent hai

Tume kaise pata in sab ki bad habits 

Sushant Singh  rajput  ko chhod  kar  koi  bhi  achha  nahi  hai
