Stop with the fack shit for video

I remember this from college, lol, what a dumb ass rumor

Bruh y’all from 11 years o-o btw we all in the 2020 now

hoax

fake

omg! she&#39;s not dead!
ahhhhh dont you dare use this song for that untalented washed up actor she is a bi##h!!!!!!!!!!!!!

obviously its not real. why is this still posted

shes not dead
i wish she was dead... MJs wayy better

Shes not dead
lolololol, YAY, jk she is not dead, omg did you say one of the greatest pop idols???? WTF she is like nothing

MJ is better

mileys not DEAD she is still making vids realaxe!

you&#39;re as bad as the person who made that video abowt ashlee tisdayl being dead.You&#39;re a fuckin sad case

she&#39;s not but should

miley cyrus never died so stop making roomers n if she did show a video of how she died

SHES NOT DEAD NOOBS

yall know it was just a hoax right she didn&#39;t really die.....

RIP Miley =( we will miss you =((((

shut up mikkyj12

oh my . recently she was in the teen choice awards and got like 6 awards and performed a live song. &quot; party in the usa &quot; . shes really dead aint she !

and if she died. it wuld be in newspapers, on tv. the lot !  so u actuali have no lifes if this is all u do all day !

this is one of the most stupidest videos about her fake death, she&#39;s alive, these are all computer rumons, but I really wish she was dead...

aww poor miley never saw it coming rip

omg i seriously cried watching this..... i cant believe hannah montanah is over!!!!!!!!!!!!!! omg omg omg omg i cant friggen believe it!!!!!!!!!!!! im soooo devestated :(

ME 2

idk if shes dead but i do know they make season 3 while season 2 is playing

just to tell u she did not die she is in the hospital! due! ( she was in a car accidant!)

Isn&#39;t it time to put this off the internet? Dude you embarress yourself with that. That&#39;s about a year ago. Even you ought to get that.

Fuck You Miley wont u die already?
i hate her so much lol

.........we can only dream........sighh

You don&#39;t pay much attention to the news, do you.

lol agreed

remove this vid. She not dead nad having all thease crapy vids sayin she is, is just tight

miley cyrus is not dead she has a new movie coming out you big fat idiot liers

she got in a car crash and went to the hospetal..

BUT SHES NOT DIED.

i would be sad if she does die,

but look at the new hannah montana shows , one came out in the beging of december!

such a lie!!!!! don&#39;t believe to this vid!

to inb4404ed: do you still believe miley is dead?

miley is not dead

you are all stupid shes not dead omg how wold she proform or tape her shows omg your stupid

Shes not fucking dead, but I wish she was so i can gouge out whatever was left of her eye and then fuck her eye socket.

aw man she isnt dead. damn!!!

what about remowing this video??

dude she didnt die... although i wish she would!

Fuck you. :)

Greatest pop idol of our time? Give me a break...

no,someone has hacked in her youtube page(mileycyruspersonal)

shes not dead@!!1
Hon, is was a scammer. Miley is fully alive.

omg she&#39;s not dead retards!
i wish ppl would stop fuckin saying shes dead SHES NOT SHE IS STILL ALIVE!!!

nevermind smashing pumpkins.  they kick ass.

whats the song thats playing

i wish she was dead but o damn shes not

this was posted in september moron.

Someone back then wrote on a website that she was dead, she wasn&#39;t.. she still isn&#39;t.

yeAH no this is not true.

this is stubit

Greatest pop idol?
Ugh, what is this world coming to...

SHE DID NOT DIE

huh when did this happen ..some how I cant believe this...

shes not dead its a rumor!!

Wow haha she is very alive

she is not dead

you are stupid!!

she&#39;s not dead
xD haha

So a car accident died?
Oh okay never mind I got the title...I heard this joint before that why I asked....

hahahahahaahha

1992-2008. rip miley.

what song is this?

oh please....

i wish she lived long enough to become legal...



RIP my favorite jailbait
RIP Miley. You will be missed by all.

SHES NOT DEAD.

where is the proof that she is dead??????

wtf are yu talking about. 

CNN updates there site like all day everyday. 

this is dumb and a dumb joke that no one thinks is funny. 

everyone needs to grow up cuz this isnt true. 

and since she is &quot;the pop idol of all time&quot;. 

wudnt someone tha famous be on the news if she had passed away. kind of like when anna nicole died and heath ledger. it was on the news rite away. so people dont believe this bull.

MUAHAHAHA SHE&#39;S GONE!!!!!!!!

do you know how long it takes for CNN to upload there site? it could take hours to upload a story, and thats not if there waiting on more details to be released.

I&#39;ve always hated this stupid betch...







FUCK BITCHES

   &gt;:D

MAKE MONEY

where on cnn you see it i need to read it

R.I.P Miley
