Fake but still awesome!

Insane g
Pov blade ball be like

That is not helping his swing

By far the most consistent batter of all time

Flawless. I can&#39;t find one imperfection.

Damn this was 11 years ago

Fake

Good edition


Very professional

Wow ,
im dieing!!!
If it was real that guy would have to be the dumbest guy on earth to stand that close hopping you to catch a foul ball with his teeth

Why did i get this reccomended

I wanna believe this is real

This should be called the blister machine

fake

The ball hits the exact same part on the net

I can barely hit where I want it to

He died of Ligma that’s why he hasn’t posted in almost 11 years -fake to

I wish my pitch back threw the ball half way to me

Hullo!

lmao fake 
He’s trying to get more outs course shortstops are allways the best

Must be some tips of edit

Faaaaake

Those were some good routine plays for the shortstop

It’s cool but fake

This stuff is edited

Wow that’s unreal bro

The bat is probably dead by now

Ground outs to the ss lol okay

Fake

10/10 editing dude
Fake ah

First ever quadruple play?
God bless you all and your families ️
This is still some insane editing for 10yrs ago

11 year old video with better editing skills than some marvel parts. well done, this is aging well

if this was real tho

I can’t believe I actually used to think this was real

Wow!

John 16:21A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is come: but as soon as she is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world.

The eye coordination and speed is just perfect

fake news

Any baseball player knows that there is no way in hell he could have the stamina to hit it that quick and accurate that fast

fake fake fake fake fake I HATE FAKE VIDEOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Pretty nice editing

Although someone might see my comment first I said it as a reply too but someone prove to me it’s fake there’s a comment saying it’s fakeNow I can tell: cuz there’s no way u hit the ball to short every time

u hit it like 14 times I counted the pitch didn’t count but if it did 16

This was good editing 10 years ago

I like the vid

Great video work.
Great video work.
Shortstop loves him
That is so fake

Nice editing  Next time, maybe don’t make every hit the EXACT same sound

common man to make it 0.01% more believable u gotta make the bat have different hit sounds man

i was born on dtrdtrdthddtrdutrdrdrdrdudrd 73

I love how the bat made the same exact noise good editing though no troll

If this was real that would be crazy

Rly good editing for 10 years ago

I remember when I actually thought this was real

When u have practice but ur crush there:

That guy is insane!

This would be perfect to break in a composite bat if it was real

Soooo fake

fake

Oml

who’s here in 2022

Dude perfect
Notice how he’s standing on home plate

Fake

That is definitely fake

fake 2011 kind of stuff

fakest thing i’ve ever seen

Imagine that was real

Dang

I call crap

Don&#39;t love heading out to the field, on a sunny day. Just to practice lining out to shortstop

You can tell that that is fake

Is that fake or real

Ya right whe I saw the ball get hit to short, bouncing off the net, IN THE EXACT SAME SPOT on the net. Nice try trying to fool us.

Fake

I know this fake but that’s insane

WHAT DA FAWK

It’s fale

Bruh that editing was crazy

So amazing its almost as good as if someone edited it

Yeah

“Like there definitely is a shadow under the ball.”

Bull

That&#39;s a great drill for getting frustrated because you rolled over to short 50 times in 50 ab&#39;s

how

Cap

is this real or fake

Cap

dude that is insane

Fake to good to be true

Forgot the ball shadows. Toss up vs re entry. Looks alright tho

wtf so fake

like you know it&#39;s fake, but it&#39;s still hella impressive

Why this felt longer than 54 seconds lol

THIS IS CGI

Isn&#39;t it amazing what editing can do these days, but beware you may be claimed to have been somewhere you never been  just by a click of a few buttons just like that baseball.

He coulda killed that little feller standing on the first base line.

Only question is, how do you stop?

Uuuuhhhh...Im not buying those nets/cages sorry. Cant fool this old doggie-dee dog

Came from 10 years ago website huhhh?

How do they edit it perfectly?

Meanwhile I can’t even hit the ball

Fake...you can tell by the ball shadow.

Fake

fake news

fake

Yo I gotta get that bat that makes the same noise every time

Talk about editing skills

Looks fake but cool.

Fake the ball hits the same spot ever time

no shadow
Hahaha so fake
CG....??
ha
Good batting!
The balls bounce was wired

How could he do these like maybe 80 mph fastballs and their were TWO baseball coming at him

He’s also hitting it to the exact same spot on the bounce pad every single time. And the reactions are just crigne. I know im annoying for actually looking at this for more than a minute but idc

Def not fake. It looks so weird how the ball travels between the pads it just doesn’t look right

ill buy this for $200,0000 if its real

Just stare at the guy watching on the side the whole time he should have won an Emmy

That is so fake tho

Cap

this is so fake

Very dope
Awesome man
The horrible acting gives it away

John 3:16-21.

Fake the ball disappeared after he quit

It’s sad that it’s fake lol

Omg

cap

Sheesh that’s ultimate

this reeks of old early 2010s edited video. but good editing

10 years ago and it popped up in my recommended

If it was real what were you practicing

Impressive

It&#39;s in reverse

Bro the camera shake looks fake af

i feel bad for the idiots who thought this was real

How did he even do that

That was litgitness

“Yea wow that’s crazy no way oh man oh no way that was caaazy”

I miss the good old days when this was gold

Am I the only one that notices it’s fake

Cap

Sheeeeeeeee

This is real, look it up

Bro why are y’all saying it’s fake the nets move it’s timed perfect it’s real

Honestly his was so fake

This reminds me of those old fantasy football commercials

I remember watching this when I was a kid. 7 years later and it brought it back

No way

2021 gang ——&gt;
I gotta give you props for editing.

Wtf

How he do that

Working on roll overs to shortstop or what

Fake

FAKE!!!!!

Hello this has to be fake

Not sure if it is fake because the ball hits in a slightly different spot on the 3rd base net every hit

I know this is fake but do you think we could do this in real life

fake

Guys this is not real it’s 100% video shopped if that’s a thing

no way that is real

those angles are sooo off lmao

but ur working on hitting ground balls to short stop

Bro I don’t think that was editing

Insane editing but good video

Fake

Some people still believe it’s real and it’s funny

Don’t you guys just love how fake it is

Why is this on my recommended 9 years later

Wow the video was posted 10 years ago

I know it&#39;s fake but I wish I was that accurate with my hits

That’s so fake

So fakebut cool

He’s signed to the Marlins now

The editing is more impressive than the hitting

Fake

That&#39;s trick filming like the movies producers do it, nice try and acting though. The ball hit the net in the same exact spot every single time, absolutely impossible.

Good editing for 9 years ago. Also nice practice for hitting a line out to short

Real or fake?

That fake

Sooooooo fake

It is fake, their is a vid covering it

There is no possible way this is real

This is fake

Fake

I could never

SO FAKE look at his bat and the ball they never touch

Thoughs edits were u can see the ball edit are crazy

It’s fake he is swinging and he’s missing

Only if it were real

Is that fake or not

In the majors or on his way

So fake

No way!

Gayyy
Great video! Super talented.

And those are all outs.  How unamazing man.  Horrible job.  Keep up the bad work

Quality is amazing and the BP was amazing

HOWW DUDE THIS IS COOL

Nothing makes me more excited than pretending to be good at something.

Hes practicing aim, accuracy, and consistency

This is fake this guy is just good in editing

You can see it’s edited Bc it’s hitting the same spot on the net at the exact same speed

Gotta love the editing on this.

All the shots always hitting the same spot again and again 

Wow so real

The ball was a paid actor

HOW THE HECK

Ball hit same spot every time good edits other than that

How do you hit that consistent to the same spot over and over I don&#39;t get it.

FAKE AS FUCKKK

That was cool

Holy Crap

This is terrible practice. No coach would ever recommend this. You are teaching yourself to rush your swings and will only create bad habits/groundouts to short .

This is edited

Yeah he’s whiffing every time but the ball is going

The guy screaming that was crazy is soo sus

9 years ago and best camera

<b>Conservation of energy has left the chat</b>

Fake as hell lol

Nice try photoshop

2020 we all know it’s fake

Noooo wayyyyyy
In 2011 we all thought it was real

This is real I want you guys to know that it’s really real

This is fake

Who else got this in there recommending after 9 years

Would have been a lot cooler if it was real

Nice balance at the plate, fake like the Bruce Lee nunchucks video

9 years ago

I was so sad when I figured out this was fake

Dude said “unreal” yeah, we know lol

Where tf the baseballs coming from

When I was 8 I was convinced this was real

gotta love how the balls don&#39;t lose any momentum at all, are they doing this in outer space?

his batting aim is so good

IST FAKEEE!!!

Omg. So Crazy
So how exactly is this guy not in the Dude perfect squad

2020 anyone

Is anyone gonna consider the fact that this could be fake?

Your on a soft ball Feild buddy

Ultimate editing practice
It is fake

INSANE

Anyone here 2020?

Fake

This video is fake, i can tell cause the ball lands in the same spot each time plus it looks a lot like cgi, which is what they were using to make this video!

Dis some good editing

WHAAAAAAT HOW!?!?!?!?!?!?

the edits are really good but not convincing enough

I legit feel bad for anybody who thinks this is real. You’re all clearly terrible batters with even worse eyesight. Anybody with a slight understanding of physics can figure out this is an incredibly well edited, bullshit video within 10 seconds.

The video is more false than your girlfriend, you can see that everything is done on a computer and if you don't believe me, then how do you explain that a baseball can with so much force not knock those kinds of nets, they don't fall if you can see that with just one push they fall
july 2020?

Who came here from Captain Diss- I mean Mr Flare video 

gotta love some good 2011 edits
I want this to be an actual video So sad this is a fake

This is fake and I&#39;m not just mad they used motion blur and animation

Can you get vibranium nets on amazon now?

It’s fake cause he hits it in the same place every time except the last to hits that we’re in the outfield

Impressive

This is more false

How to get back in the groove after quarantine

Amazing
Have you been doing baseball

He hit the  ball at the same spot

Fake

Not truly hitting the ball the ball ends up the same hight

Clickbait
Composite bat....aluminum bat sound byte

It doesn&#39;t line up

This is a fake vid

Lol look when he hits them to short they are hitting in the exact same spot also they just disappear. But whoever edited it good job

I use to crush balls over that gate all the time after basketball practice

Someone on 2020?

<a href="">0:46</a> where&#39;s the ball?

He practicing getting out by hitting the ball to short

Haters will say its fake

This vid is edited i already saw it years ago

So crazy
Fake

Why does this look like CG but not CG?
Fake at the end the ball(that what’s she said)dissapeard

Lmao yeah right

R.I.P short stop

Every time he hits it it sounds the same

WHAT!

I don’t know why but this is just so satisfying to watch

Fake

This is cgi

So fake lol

Bruh I can’t believe this is actually “real!”

Don’t say that was crazy that was fake

why do mad people think this is real

The ball also hit the same spots every single time

You must work hard on you’re editing

This is soo cool” no this is sooo fake

Fake y&#39;all already know, but if you see there&#39;s no shadows for the balls, it&#39;s looped.

Then they hit on 18 year old college girls at a frat party while drinking White Claw

Nice job
It’s impossible to hit it in the same spot

It fake

Is this real???

It’s fake because he is hitting the balls in the exact same spots look at <a href="">0:40</a>

this is fake

F you

You suck

It’s nice
Where is very awesome

It is fake but good effort

that was fake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Clickbait
Fake

This is fake peolpe

This video is faker then Logan Paul’s channel

Fake

You now this is fake

So fake

<b>meet the guy who never misses</b>Me: can’t even hit one

It’s fake because it hits the same spot on the pad

Lol they replayed the same sound over and over again

Fake

Fake fake fake fake fake fake if you think that this is fake your absoutloutly right

It’s fake

Fake

Fack

Fake AF

Fake stuff cause you can tell the nets are not moving if you look at the one all the way to the left

Fake

He hits it in the same spot every time babe Ruth

I love that they are at a softball field

haters will say it&#39;s fake

Shift on this guy plz

This is so fake

You can tell this is fake because it always hit the same spot each and every time

Don’t you think it’s funny that all the balls are hitting the same spot

They did a good job with editing and animation.

the peoples reactions are so fake

Fake bitch

he hits it on the same spot evey time lol

You are so good at timing with the bat hitting the bat

The baseballs are just on repeat it’s fake

This is still crazy 8 years after it was uploaded, good job YouTube algorithm

Nice fake vid

Ffffffffaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkk
Why is this so fake

Is this real?

I love how people actually believe this is real

I know this is fake but it’s still pretty cool to watch

People still don’t realize this is fake do they?

I don’t know what’s worse the editing or the acting

every time the ball hits a thing it hit in the same spoy

Are we just not gonna acknowledge that this video has been exposed already

Sadly fake 

Who else thinks this is fake

Fake. No shadows from the balls

Fake

Fake

Faker

This je a fake

So fake
<a href="">#captindissilousional</a>
hey guys, sorry to break it to you, but its fake, believe it or not

It’s fake the ball goes in the same spot every time

He’s hitting everything early should be hitting to third base so nice photoshop editing

so your telling me you hit the ball perfectly on the net over 20 times 

Is it CG?I can’t believe!!!

Fake

Any kind else here 2019

u can tell it’s fake from how the ball moves

What a GOAT

Fake

This is  fake

Bro that’s insane clickbait

Nice edit
So fake

It’s fake the ball hits the same spot every time

Put your finger on the screen where he hits the first one and he hits them all at that spot

That is fake

Look are the net he first hits it to, he hits the exact same spot every time the video was repeated lol you got noone

Fake!

Some people don’t know how hard this is to hit the same spot every time

Fake 100000000000000000%

What.... how???

“The Natural”

Fake

“Yo Thas crazy” nah dude it’s fake
September 2019

Spoiler: it’s fake

You know it took me so many years to realize the faults in the vid and where it becomes obviously fake

Fake

This is fake

The ball is placed in the same spot every time

That was sooooo fake

Everyone knows this is fake right? It’s obviously just edited together while his friends are saying, “ no way, cool, awesome.”

Fake

Amazing
Who has it recommended just now?Leave a thicc like for pokimane Imean him the baseball guy oy something

Anyone else notice how it hit the same spot of the net every time. Like if your gonna edit it atleast switch it up

Do 10 balls next time

When you found out this is fake

Nice editing
Fake

Fake

No frikin juese crhisting freakin way

This video broke the internet until we found out it’s FAKEEEEEE!!!!!!!!

Fake

Roses are red Violet are blueI just got  clickbaidedAnd so did you

Haters will say it’s fake

This is real I think

Haters will say it’s fake

Mlb?

Fake

He’s practicing his line outs to short

the nets look so fake fr

Pros can even do this and hit the EXACT same spot everytime and hit it just right on the ball...<a href="">#so</a> fake

Good editing, I hate to say it was fake

Fake video

Best editing ever
Fake

How to line out to shortstop 101

Boys this is fake

Fake

Lol so fake it’s just the same clip

Ultimate Photoshop Practice

Fake shit little bit of edit

Why is no one acknowledgeing that this is fake?

This is fake

Watch mojo ruined this video for me

<a href="">#Click</a> bait
Lol he practiced grounding out to short

People who think this is real  this was revealed last year that it was fake

I thought about this guy yesterday

Anyone else got this in there suggested?

This is fake because some frame of the ball go away

this is fake, it is in the top 10 viral videos that are actually fake of <a href="">watchmojo.com</a>

Fake

FAKE

1 word fake

fake

Fake

Even though it&#39;s fake it&#39;s still really cool to see

Fake

That was so fake and do u want to ground out??

That’s was really fake because the ball kept landing on the same spot every time on the net

Looking for high-quality baseball or softball bases? We have turf, indoor, disengage-able, stationary and convertible bases! Check them out! <a href="">

Hahahaha crazy
it’s fake you can see the target at SB the balls hit in the same place every hit

It looks fake and real at the same time

fake the ball goes into the same spot everytime

Fake af lol
Fake as frick

Ball hits the same spot every time

Fake

Their new vid: How to ground out to shortMe:Oh really

So fake!!!!!

that is so fake

Fake

Fake

Fake

I get down with that one

Clearly fake, it’s the same batting sound,   and the person “behind the camera” has the same voice lines as the other “Ultimate Batting Practice: Volley” video.

its fake

Anyone think this is fake?

HANWE GANG?

Fake

Totally fakeThe maker made a video on how it was madeLike before clicking link so others can see<a href="">

Even if the effects were flawless, the camera guy’s multiple and fake  “no way” would tell this was fake and staged.

Who needs a pitcher when you can do that

Fake

This shit was fake

Just so u guys know this is fake

When he hit the ball it went in the exact spot every time on the net which is physically impossible

Has any of u guys realised it’s fake it’s a loop

This is fake, you can tell it doesn’t even look real

So fake it hit same place on bouncer every time

This is actually fake

Sssooooo fake

that&#39;s not really lying

Fake

What the hell this is so fake

Wow

It is fake

It’s fake

Fake

I want to see him switch to lefty and keep it going.  Not that this wasn&#39;t impressive.

Fake

so fake the ball it’s the same spot every time

Great editing
Super fake when it the net it disappears and the balls did not land at the end

This is fake you know that right

who is here in august 2022

its fake

Fake

This is so fake the video reset each time

Fake

Fake

this was obviously fake

If you look close you can see that he&#39;s not even hitting it and the ball just dissapears when he supposably hits it. This is as fake as it gets

Buckye bomb pactice

This is fake

I’ve watched this 138 times

Dude I wish I could hit the ball to short like that nice editing to

Fake

Wow posted 10 years ago imagine how good he is now

A bad his to me

This is fake it has loads of flaws in it

He did it with a green screen

The fakeness

Click bate
It’s so fake

FAKE

Soooooooooooooo fake no one will ever believe you

This is so fake

FAKe

Only what YOU DO for Christ will last. You still hear that old pianio? GO OUTSIDE with them kids, and let&#39;s see you play ball with them .

Fake

This is fake

So fake

Fake

Nice

Not trying to be rude but horrible eddit

Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
it&#39;s so amazing!!
No way, it's CG
Soooooo fakee

Worst cgi ever seen

Any body else notice the ball hits the same spot fake or lucky

oh my fucking god

FAKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

So fake

fake cuts

So fake

This is Fake but the edits are so realistic! Good video man!

So fake

Yes

FAKE

I like the editing we all no it’s fake

FAKE

Soo u practicing on editing and photoshop???

First of all how do you make the ball go to the same place every time and all I heard was the camera man chewing gum lol

A youtube classic..haven&#39;t seen this one in years.

It&#39;s not real it&#39;s like another ball comes out to shortstop

That is some nasty editing

FAKE

Everyone knows that this is fake right

Wow those editing skills dough

I like how when he finishes the ball dosent bpunce back to hit him

Notice how the first ball always hits the same spot every single time

:20 you can see he actually fouls it off.Sick editing though.

Yo this is fake if you look at the ball it hits that same place over and over again

Bro if u look closely at the net he hits the ball to first it hits the same spot each and everytime but anyways nice editing.

FAKE AS FLIP

Amazing editing!

Nice editing
It is fake how would someone hit the thing every time

Fake

so fake its funny

Wow so fake as fuck nice editing and tell ur friends they are good actors

If he can choose to hit the same spot every time then just choose to hit a homer

Bat control is amazing here

Great editing but I play baseball and a baseball does not move like how it was and after each bounce it should get slower... Well according to physics

Whoever believes this is real is a retard

Nice clickbait
Is it a me our does the ball hit the same spot every time it is common sense its fake

This was faker than my dad telling me he would come back

Hey Loser Your Videos Is Fking fake got it
Fake

so fake

Sign this kid up for the Yankees

It’s fake by a lot one of the balls completely missed one of the things

this was some very nice editing

Fake

Fake

Fake and he has been getting so much money for a fake video it hits the same spot every SINGLE time and the acting is so good but it&#39;s terrible

Fake

That is not real

edit

boi if you dont get yo edits out of here

So fake ball hits same place every time... get exposed

Soooooooo fack

Fake

How am I in 3027

I don’t care if it’s fake that’s sick

His feet settle the same way

Fake

faker then cnn

I know it&#39;s fake it&#39;s obviously fake

His Chanel is even called dream crazy ya go dream

It’s fake caus ehe it’s the same spot every time

Sooooooo fake

Fake

I feel like it is fake

Real or fake

So fake

Fake

How do you have such control over where it goes?And if that&#39;s possible, why does anyone ever get out in baseball?

Ultimate photoshop.

No way

Fake

Fake

10000000%fake

That was fucking incredible Wow that&#39;s all I can say

Dam i wonder if thats even real or you just editing all that just look really look at it it just keeps going in the same place thats not real just be more interesting

How do you edit so good

Fake!!!!!!!!

This is so fake

Fake

Fake

Fake

Them ok let’s just photo shop the when he hits the ball on the bored no one will notice it hits in the same place every time

<a href="">0:21</a> u realize he clapped but it made no sound

Hope they realize that this is fake as hell

Fake

Fake

Was clearly fake

FAks

Fake

Fake

Photo shopped

Why the fuck am i bearly watching this!!!

Photo shop

WowThat is coolAnd this was 7 yrs ago

Fake

Faaaaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
cough cough... FAKE...cough cough

It would be really cool only if it was real

good editing but this is fake

Soooooo fake

Love how fake this video is

So fake

is fake

This is faker than Danielle Cohn’s pregnancy

This is fake

Click bait !!!!!@ boy
This is so fake

This is so fake

That&#39;s so fake

Fake

So fake you can’t hit it to the same spot the same time

Cool u can edit vids
bet this is photoshop lol

It’s fake

Ya but it is fake

Anyone else know this fake

How about May 2019

Fake!

Anybody here may 2019?

It’s fake

This a lot of editing no lie

Fake

Isn’t it weird how the ball hit the same spot every time

Amazing
It is fake

It made the same noise whenever he would hit it

Fake

May 2019

I watched a video on the most fake videos and this was on it

No movement on the nets?? Or am I just not a believer.

It’s fake

Get this man to the major leagues

That&#39;s easy

Noonecareswhatyearyou watched thisin
Faked

This is fake look where he hits the ball same spot every time

You got to love how the ball ALWAYS goes the the middle of the shortstop one

This is fake how can every ball land in the same spot his swinging action is the same

Fake as shit

Crazy editing skills
This is fake

Lol I heard this is fake he is faking being surprised

Fake

X fr uroeteoueueyroriruiiryirririuru
Is this real

Fake

That was so fucking coll

Fake

you know it’s pretty coolthat the baseballs bounce off of the tramps at the exact same spot every single time showing u that it’s fake

You guys are bad trying to trick people

FAKE

Good editing so not real

WTF

I am

Fake

Holy crap

You can tell that the cameraman’s voice is put in the video. He wasn’t actually there

Fake

FAKE

Fake

Fake like what happens to the balls at the end

Why do you need to do this fake stuff

That was so crazy I play softball and if I would try to do that the ball Would probably just hit me in the face so yea ......

hits the same spot every time?

This is fake right?

Ok buddy noice!!!!!
Wow so fake couldn&#39;t believe editing was so good 7 YEARS AGO

Rly?

I love how fake this is you know how it said no way 1 more watch the ball it disappears and it was never seen but great editing! Love the effort.

That sick

<a href="">0:35</a> “ya no way!” That’s what I thought during the first hi when I found out it was edited

HOW?!?

Fake bs

This has been proving fake you got exposed!

May 2019?

Respect

So fake

Imagine being so poor you need to make a fake video

Obviously Fake

Sure you totally got me

Fake

Yoooooo

Hows this loop

It is SOOOOO satisfying

If u watched <a href="">mojo.com</a> this video is fake it’s just very good editing

It’s actually fake

Bro the quality of this video from 7 years ago is just insnae

Love how fake

FAKE we&#39;re not that dumb

Who’s here from May 2019

May 2019 so fake the photoshop is real 

so fake

We all know it’s fake

Slightly fake

OML I THOUGHT IT WAS REAL

It was confirmed fake this video

This is as fake as shit

Anyone else here in May 2019.

It’s fake

Fake

How many tries did this take 

Faked

Pure skill
Fake

Fake so fake

No may 2019

He doesn’t know how to actually hit a ball not to short or second

Fake

This vid is fake its proven

FakeTube

That’s so heckin fake

fake

This is fake the ball hits the same spot every time

Me

So fake

This is obviously bullshit

It’s fake look where the ball goes each time

Fake????

fake it had the exact same swing

I never seen any worse loops

It’s fake because it hits the exact same spot every time

This is so fake

Dude it is so fake

Yep

He still can&#39;t hit a curve

Anyone else notice the sound of the ball hitting the bat is the same every time

So fake

Fake

It’s fake because the ball goes on the same spot on the net every time

I love watching the same clip over and over nice editing

How fake can u get

??????

Does anyone know this is fake

Nice fake

Wow

Fake as fuck

I dare u to like this comment

Thumbs up for the fake

Fake

Fake as fuck

Lol it’s so easy to tell it’s fake

Bro posted 7 years ago physics do;t just do that and he hit the ball in the same exact spot every time

Me

Me

Fake ass

This is all fake

What are the chances that a guys can hit a ball into the same part of the trampoline thing for more than 10 times. Also, he added and extra ball so he was hitting two balls into the exact same spot of all of the trampolines to get “the ultimate batting practice.” This is most likely fake

IT is fake

Perfect quality and looks fake

Great editing but u good of done better like it hit the exact same spot the whole time. Nice try tho

Why do they all hit the same spot though

Whoever was holding the camera was ignoring as hell cuz he chews gum too loud

Fake!! At the end they would have gotten hit by the ball

It’s fake and the ball is hitting the same place

So fake

Yezzer
Fake

Broooo wtf

Any one else see that the ball hits the same sport lucky or fake

That’s just fake

Honestly, if it was real I would be happy and surprised, buttttt this is YouTube nearly anything is real.

Bs

Why are u practicing to hit short distances? Please omg

Legends say he is still hitting

fake look at the ball it looks fake ps.thats my opinion

So fake

Fake

Why is this so obvious it’s fake

That’s not real

FAKE

This is so fake like the acting is just awful

Fake

This is faker than David dobriks vlogs

If only he could hit

Good clickbait
U know this is fake write you can tell because when he hits it he doesn’t hit it at the net it goes to right field

This is so fake

Fake and gay

I got to break it to you all you guys but sadly this is fake I watch the video on this and it proved that this is fake sorry guys

So fake

this is so fake ,slow it down and you can see it

BS

Totally isn’t photoshopped or anything. But good editing

Wow

That is definitely edited and it was so fake good try acting it all out but it did not work for me

Fake

So fake

THE BIGGEST FAKE EVER

Fake

Fake

This is fake. The balls are hitting in the same exact spot every time

It’s so fake

It&#39;s so take the guy behind the camera is like &quot; No way No way&quot; it&#39;s so make i hate people that do this stuff

That’s cool even tho it’s fake you can see the video switch to at about 40 seconds if you pay attention

Fake ass shit

FAKE!

Check this out its fake!!

Click bate
FAKE

I like how I search &quot;fake baseball&quot; and this video is the first one lol

This dude goatedHappy Easter 2019 Hi

You know this is fake right

He always hits the same spot in the net.hmm

Why was there wind to the microphone but no shirt or tree was moving a single bit

Only if this was real

Fake

I still found enjoyment in this even though I know it&#39;s CGI and staged. Is that evil?

Instead of &quot;that was craaaaaaazy&quot;, &quot;that was faaaaaaaking&quot;

Fake!!!!!!!!

That is so fake bro

I&#39;m in the year 2019

U can see that the balls keep hitting in the same spot

Sooo fake

the ball hits same spot

hits same spot every time

“Unreal”

Even if this is real, how is swinging without a load gonna help you in a game. All he&#39;s doing is throwing the bat at the ball because it&#39;s so quick.

My only critique is they forgot to add a shadow for the balls...nice job though, very cool video.

This is so fake

Fake

Fake right?

Not real

No hate but this is fake the ball is in the same place every time nice vid

Wow that’s so crazy because when you hit it hits the exact same spot every time 

Your hitting the exact same spot every time I don’t believe it

So fake, good editing, wondering when the balls will land, and the acting is terrible

The reason why it is fake because when he hits the ball it makes the same sound every time

So fake

Fake

Lol

Fake

The balls don’t even hit the ground at the end

Are we going to ignore the fact it was posted 7  years ago and the quality was perfect

Bruh the balls coming back super sonic speed faker than porn ads

It’s fake

Fake

Super fake

Wow thats amazing

You can see the balls fly up

Fake

That shortstop is loving u

Fake. Saw his eyes glow red at the beginning obviously an Android

It&#39;s fake nice try though

Is that University senior high school in Los Angeles Santa Monica??

FAKE....just F Y I  lol!!

The balls need a shadow and they don&#39;t have one so... 

A yes perfect hits and placement and momentum every time

To bad it’s fake

If it was real it would be fucking sick

And some people are just mad skill so how it can be fake

Can somebody tell me how this is fake,cause i dont see how it is

Great practice for grounding out to short, keep up the good work

Surprised this didn’t win an Oscar

Fake much

Clickbait
So fake they just keep doing replay

Everyone knows this is fake

Classic vid.

Man

The ultimate clickbait

This real ?

For all the people who say it’s fake like no shut

U can just tell it’s fake bc of how the balls are moving

Proven fake

No shadow on the baseballs Not real

U can tell

Fake

Good editing for 2011

FAKER THAN HIS DMS

Why this in my recommended

201: Merrrre2012: gaher ay e2013: no2014: ejso2015: yeah no2016: mmmm maybe2017: ew tf no2018: later2019: perfect i care now

Fake

I WAS REQUESTED THIS BUT I HATE IT CUZ ITS FAKE

Fake but cool

Fake lolol

Me too Gabe Garcia

Fake

FAKE

BAD ASS DONT GET ME WRONG BUT SO JUST THE ENDING ALONE GIVES IT AWAY!! BALLS DISAPEAR IN MID AIR!!

Fake

Fake

Fake

Yo check out my Bong Cleaning page
Fake

This is fun how fake that is

Bad ass !!!

Any ‘check this out’ before a sports video is a red flag

FAKE!!!!!!!!

This is fake

So fake

CG？
Ok this is so dumb we know this is fake honestly

3057 anyone?

Same

Bullshit

Fake

Thats fucking fake you fuckers

They found out this vid is fake

Lol now he only gonna hit liners to shortstop

there i watches your video

It&#39;s all fake

Fake no shadow of ball

F-A-K-E like really bruhh

First of all, how in the fuck do you hit the back the same exact way 20 times

I wanna do this

Ok, that’s bullshit if he hits it every single time

Why is this in my recommended in 2019??

Fake asf

Fake

FAKE

It is fake because if u notice the ball right after he hits it it lands in the same spot on the net thing every time

Me: How to photoshop This video: Hold my beer

This is awesome!!

HOAX

Bat makes the same noise every time

This is fake how does he hit it in the exact spot every time

When you figure out how to use editing software on your iPhone 4

Sadly its fake

This is fake look at it. It hits the same spot every time.

Remember when we thought this was real

Yea fake

FAKE

thrers a video of fake videos and this is one of them.

He sucks

Fake

This is so fake

Ummmmm fake
Holy crap

Fake

fake

Captain disillusion where are you

April 2019 time?
It’s fake because the net that he hits the ball to gets hit in the same place every time and yes I’ve known for a long time this was fake

This is obviously fake

Proof that it’s fake the ball hits in the same spot

at <a href="">0:46</a> and <a href="">0:48</a> the balls go in the air and then disappear so it concludes that it is totally real

Fake cuz the balls always hitting at the same spot

Fake or not, it’s still cool!

That dude is a legend cool video

This is not real

Where did the balls go at the end

Fakeeeeeee

This is fake yo know that right

This is real, are you guys dumb. Look at how fast he&#39;s swinging that bat.. he&#39;s been trying to do this for months.

Rename: magic editors

What

It’s not fake

Rumor has it that this was an integral part of Tiger Woods training regimen preparing for the masters.

Awesome

Fske

That’s fucking fake
