Love cuple dp rv
Wat a waste of time watching ....

Can you even guess what this log is about?
nice 
Going behind actors 
When will this donation be saved?
She is not pregnant  at all

Wapas Matt ab dafa ho yahan se Idiots
What is Deepika wearing?...
muje ye n smj aa rha itne wintery kpde kyunpehne hai sb ne to summer clothes pehn rkhe hai??

R️D
It&#39;s 2 month beforeThen how she still have flat belly

Her clothes look ugly

Its a fashion

Cute couple ️
Stop following them

Media 
To stand out from the crowd or to always remain highlighted, you wear some clothes or you don't wear any clothes
She’s pregnant
I love this jodhi

<a href="">#boycottbollywood</a><a href="">#justiceforssr</a>

Prarambh me vyakti nirdosh rahta, baad me bhi nirdosh hi hote par kuchh log aisa karte hai ki..... Deepika padukone ka kalyan ho yehi bhav.... Extraordinarily the best artist as well as human..... God bless her always...

Seriously the cap is shit literally

Not even Dipika is pregnant what rubbish yarr
Corona is of no use to anyone who is pregnant.
She is Walking like man and looking tootatti from india

She is not pregnant,she is just too high 

Drugedict....double faced...pati nautanki 6kaaa....cheapo boooooooo
Careing husband
I just hate this couple 

They all are fake, apart from them there are few people in the world, I don't know how crazy people are who believe their acting to be true, they can even do anything for senseless money.
<a href="">#rumor</a>

Abh ganja band ho kya iska
I judt love this couple
Youaremybestimeetyoumywish

Auto dress yaad agaya
Stop your rumors its all your editing effect 

Why did you leave so much? Stop and did not give even one post.. Why did you give so much to those people?
Buhat  care  karte  h dono

Norml log h yeh yar sotna kya media page ho jati h inke piche
what the hell what a diagusting vedio if these females r pregnant what so new in that ......they r not God they r just actors to entertain us n they act too smart of themselves they carry lot of attitude i just hate these creatures

Two months mein kisi ko baby bump nhi hota especially for thin people.....idiot people

She is not pregnant 

Yet who follows her ???

Is D&#39;s a news in the world so many r getting pregnant what special abt these these photographers should be kicked out fr giving so much importance to these people

Aise media wale thuuu hai aap logo pr cheee

Congratulations ️️️
It is not preghnant

Ma toh kabhi in celebrities ko ghaaas b na daaluItni importance deti hain ye media waley tobaaaAjeeeb dressing krti hain dono ek dam fazooooool
Congratulations

Dono bikhari lag rahe he

Yeh jo b pehne to fashion aur hm agar pehne to peheney ka sense he nhi hai...

I don&#39;t like charsi and druggies couple i hate you ranveer and deeplika

what a stupid dress this is
Druggi girl

Congratulations

Congrats dear God bless you forever ji
<a href="">

Love this couple, god bless

I believe that these people have a lot of money and they are very stylish but it is strange that poor people are wearing a lot of clothes so that they appear fashionable.
What to do and what is left
What cartoon have you made?
They don&#39;t look pregnant in any wat

Shameless media chor media besharam media

Farmers in India do not know what movement is going on and it is fun to just log in to the media and roam around, it is shameless.
Drugii

Y people follow them....bakwas ...boycott mean boycott ....

And travel if preggo
There is no woman in the world, why do all the actors pay so much attention to all their children, after singing and acting in front of the camera, these people do not do much good, whether they consume drugs or steal. Then even if you log in, you will not pay attention to them.
Hope deepika blessed with baby boy

Druggies chi chi
Nonesence...
I love deepveer deeper
joker with joker
Dp️
Yaar pregnant hoti to bol deyti ...na...waise b ye unki life hai...us se public ko kya karna

wht is this india&#39;s obsession with lighter brwn skin, swollen drugged eyes and tall hight

I don&#39;t like her after the drug allegation.....

CID Ramdas and Vijayan

Kuchbbi mtlb yr
Look how the 2 played Drugleela

Is she really pregnant

When did news channels will stop making pregnant every single married actress I don&#39;t really understand this kind of video should be reported Deepika Padukone is not pregnant and if she is she will confirm it why you have to do this all fake news just to grow your channel so much fake and please people don&#39;t waste your time watching this

Here everyone will feel intoxicated and feel as if they themselves have never intoxicated and will smoke like ganja.
Love her️️️
Deepika no looks beautifulkareena looks very beautiful
you are here
What is wealth?
These people's ass don't even die, they have been eating so much for years.
Praise praise
Very nice couple 
Silly media

Maal hai tummy main  .... Be careful dipu 
After this drama, all these people lost their lives.. little has improved, no one has ever boycotted them.. no one has woken up to real talented people.
Maal hai k... 
Charsi#deepveer#
Dragist

Those who judge others please first look ourselves 

Deepveer 
Deepika 
Charsi

Deepika is the best ️

Not interested in deepika news, her baby will also be JNU wala traitor like her.Gaddaro

Depression padukone

Deepress

Why we give importance them!!! All are useless n corporate...

Deepika Padukone best
🇱🇷Mal he kea? Joker # Boycott Bollywood 
What issue did Deepika talk about and why did jealous people make hate comments?
Going for new year celebration in another country. Because here now they can&#39;t take drugs na. Shame on them

Without holding hands they can&#39;t walk or what. Take more drugs na

Deepveer
Depression wali teacher aaj Depression mai hai ,ganjedern ,both r looking cartoons
What is Deepika G's inlog about?
Wtf
Bycoott Bollywood

Druggist n ,antinationalist, guys beware of these type of evils,selfish creeps ,money leachers ,can sale I India for money .......

Deepika mam you are so genious and jo log dusro ko judge karte h pahle khud ko dekho OK and proud of you mam

Nasadi and ganjadi 
Shameless media

Deepver 

Media only sells ass
Where r they runn&#39;ng

Giant deepika
Dono bakwas drug addicts.

Cute Deepika 
Why all this??? There are many people whose videos should be shown.
Drugi padukone

I call another parent this respect.
Nice
