Who is after dunki

The moment she said Kate Middleton i was like yeah totally true..she is someone i admire when it comes to fashion and style…one of the most beautiful princess ever

I love her bag man , omg she’s the only one actress that carries least amount of items in her bag or purse I mean yeah if you have a small bag then least items should be inside it so yeah that’s how you should be like never carry so many items when you have a small bag or purse , I just like taapsee pannu’s bag it’s so cute and very nice like the color pink ( very girlish color truly) very positive man it’s so cute and how she’s like so simple and very amazing person even as a actress as well , very simple and chic person that she is totally I gotta agree I literally fell In love with her pink purse bye

DHAN GURU NANAK DEV JI MAHARAJ ️ GOD BLESS  SISTER  HAPPY NOW AT HEART 
I thought she&#39;ll have some curly hair stuffs in it 

She’s looking like a bag herself

U r very bful!

Plz do a it with Aishwarya Rai and Katrina Kaif

Boring

I love her bag
What brand is her handbag. ?

Tapseeeee

How will i enter my ghar1

Who is here after rashmi rocket ️

Rubber or robber on top of it 

At first i thought that cushion is an emoji ()‍️
One of the rarest who didn&#39;t include lip balm amongst 3 most important things 

I really like this segment

Her dress itself is a bag

I have watched all the segments plz do some more

She is the actress who has less makeup items in the bag they carry

I am addicted to what&#39;s in my bag segment 
Love you mam
She is so beautiful

Her nose job is so obvious.

Her dress and bag is so stylish..

She is the only actress who is not carrying make up along with her bag.....

Pinkvilla:what&#39;s in your bag? Taapsee Pannu: Well,i am wearing a bag! 

She is just blabbering .....

Toh kya ab government software engineers ko earphones free krva de

Taapsee u r so beautiful 
She needs to carry,  key, wallet n charger,...  No use of charger without mobile... and talking abt software engineer s irrelevant.

Who are the legends watching this video in 2021

I am addicted to phone segment more than this

Please do this segment with tara sutaria

Nice

She is so sweet ️

Love her dress
The typical girls remark was so unnecessary. 

Tapsee Pannu ka face boys jaisa hai totally

Hi I am Nimisha, Taapsee Pannu has a very sweet heart, you are looking very beautiful, I heard the dialogue and you smiled. i love you
Delete her videos

I big fan of yours

Ohh my god her English and too much talking

HiAmong ur fans

First when i saw her wallet i thought it was her phone. hahahaha

Taapsee is really arrogant. I hate her.Just look at her movements and facial expressions. We could immediately understand she is very much proud of herself

OMG!!! I have the same two emoji cushions.....

She is so pretty girl 

I wonder if she predominantly just wanted to mention that she&#39;s a software engineer because there was no valid reason of mentioning it whatsoever.

I mean the software engineer and earphones reference was so dumb

What’s her problem with “all the other girls”?

Me

Her dress itself is  looking like a bag....  

I saw your shooting in goa

Taapsee Pannu: &quot;unlike typical girls who, who&#39;d probably sneak into their boyfriend&#39;s wallet&quot;Also Taapsee Pannu: &quot;Let&#39;s break patriarchy me and you.&quot; 

She is the cutest, and my favorite

Pls make a video on what&#39;s in my bag with kriti sanon

Ur so nice tapsee mam

<a href="">1:13</a> what is the need to say that?

This is the same place where Prachi Desai did the bag segment

“unlike typical girls “ oh god we have a iM nOt LikE oThEr GiRls here ew

Yeah...me tooo.... Kate Middleton!!!!..

She has her charger but not phone....whom will she call by charger?

Watching in lock down how many members

She don’t have any makeup stuff!! Super 

Fine fav forever ️
What&#39;s in her bagEarphonesPenHand creamHouse keysWalletCharger

Who is irritated by maa abhu tak taiyar nhi huyi ad:

Super video akka 
Attitude 
If u check boys bags surely so many secrets u will find out in their wallets  ...

She will carry her charger only ... She din mention that she will carry her phone too 

She&#39;s so genuine

Delete 
@nehajethwani529 do this segment please ️

She wud prefer carrying 3 things - wallet, keys n charger.. wat abt phoneAnd another thing...am a software engineer hence I carry my earphones?! No logic at all!

Who thinks that taapsee looked a lot more cuter when she used to work in south industry?

I am a software engineerI am technically equipped. HENCE PROVED (*you can be a software engineer just by carrying earphones*)

Who is addicted to the what&#39;s in my bag segment

your  comments in SSR&#39;s case proved your intellect . no need to justify it using a pencil or an earphone .

That emoji pillow beside her is so nice

There will be a pot of feminism in your or Swara's bag... or what...
Circuit
NCB is coming

I being a friend am opening my big mouth, dont react or talk on the comment of the impression of b grade cox i heard this comment and remembered by you talking about it so let eles get their own impression and rumor king of works its magic lol , let there be not many colors  

What is in my bag with Kangana Ranaut

Yrr meko bhee famous hona hai and my bag is too good from her Her is looking like a whole tight beltt

Full of crap , just like her brain 
Hapce panno 
Tappsee=likeTammana=comment
Tapsee  same pinch u n me carrying a same type of earing&#39;s

Everyone has earphones. U need not be a software engineer and call that technically equipped

Come on twitter and make fun of me...you are talking such nonsense...but when you come in support of someone then hide behind it.
Chumcha of d kabals...

Home keys and charger are the most relatable things with me

Who says I love Kangana Ranaut and Tapsee loke

Outfit is very Beautiful Taapsee Dee 

such a boring interview it was

I was more looking to cushions of and they are so good

I really don&#39;t understand why do we need earphones if you are a software engineer..I love pinkvilla videos but this was so boring and not intresting

Too much show off for small things .

i dont knw why i always think she looks a little  like kangna ranaut

Pinkvilla is best website

Your pen is nice

I don&#39;t like her she looks like ghost ahhh

She said that she did not wait for autographs.
This pen is made for sutograph.
What do you do with charger without phone.

Is is my ghar ki chabi

She wore this dress on what I eat in a day segment ....

Love you tapsee.
Skinny

Tapsee
<a href="">3:10</a> My ghar ki chabi because how will I enter my gharI died laughing

If u read the comments then read mines love u very much i m ur die heart fan u will nt find a fan of urs bigger then me

My bagChe bookPhy bookZoo bookWater bottle
I like you so much 
O yes

She is trying to prove that she is Intelligent.... well if a person is really truly intelligent he/she don’t need to prove it...

Does Software engineers only carry technical things (earphones) ???

Guys really...look..her dress is also looking like a bag... seriously 

Question -What&#39;s common between mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos and Bill GatesAnswer - They all carry earphones

First actress who did not carry makup kit

BTW you talk very softly Tapsee. You need to be louder...

She spoke like as if she was drunk

Who is after judwa 2

She is so natural........... I love her , I love it how she says , &quot; my keys , if I don&#39;t have them , then how will I enter my ghar &quot; I mean that&#39;s so cute.....

Kinda distracted by the laughing emoji on the side! 

At least she was the one who called it earphones not headphones...... Well she is beautiful 

One of my best friend looks like her

Plz say brands name
Kate Middleton her icon...nice choice
Most of the actress doesn&#39;t carry sanitary pad on their bag ?!

No cosmetics 
Really she is a software engineer 

I really love her. ️
She is a very genuine and  realistic person 

Why does she look drunk

Who did not know Kate Middleton but after hearing her name from Tapsee googled her?

She doesn&#39;t have lipbalm BTW I ️ her dude

I liked her bag. Its from Ted Baker but I personally feel that Ted Baker has better options.

She has some more things in her bag but she didn&#39;t show

she dosent have a phone

Do what&#39;s in my pocket with Doraemon

Aunt I am your big fan
What will she do after carrying a charger when she isn&#39;t carrying a phone with her

She&#39;s such an engineer :) &lt;3

I am loving her dress

a girl  and software engineer!

Being a software engineer you are still using pen??

She is so me!!!!! Its just that instead of hand cream I carry a small pocket size handwash, a small pocket size perfume, and a small notebook.

Hey people.

Taapsee in one of the most versatile actress in the industry, isn&#39;t it??

carrying charger without any phone?

Eraser.. not Rubber (software Engineer)...!!

Do this session with radhika apte

Even kate is mine favorite too
I am not into Bollywood but I love her personality 

My ghar ki chalk so why I can come in ghar

Her sling bag is awsome i m searching for look alike bag

She should put on some weight..though she is looking pretty

And how she can contact someone by charger?

Maybe the eraser is meant to erase the ink...

really she dont have any product of nivea

I really like it

Do this segment with Nyra Banerjee

Boring 
She is very sweet and real

Very cute dress
I never knew she could be that DUMB. How does carrying earphones qualify one to be a Software Engineer? Meh!

She is otherwise intelligent.. but this one ummm.....

Look at the Pillow cover

every bags r so fancy n vallets r dull.

Please make a video on what&#39;s in my bag with Alia Bhatt

Who noticed... My ghar ki chavi...... 

2019..??

She&#39;s so cute my favourite 
Do with me also, what's in my bag.. Even if my bag may not be enough, still carry the same luggage as these.. But give a chance to normal people, come on TV once, every time you are with a celebrity. lie down..!!
Do this With Aishwariya Rai Bachchan

Kate Middleton

Who doesn’t carry pen and airpods in their bags? lol. You don’t need to be an intellectual to carry a pen! She is not even that famous of a celebrity! Yet she has such pride being a software engineer! Not humble at all!

No much. Make up stuff

No lipstick
I love you tapsee soooo much.

What vl u do with charger without phn

Your hand bag is very cute

Oo..so simple things in her bag..i thought ..that is my bag.not her..i carry more things who fits in sling bag..

I also carry my earphones...but Im not a soft ware engineer.....

I loooove tapsee..... 
I love the dress!!I love the background I love the smile cushion

I alwz carry my headphne but this is not the reason i m a civil engineer

Do what&#39;s in my bag segment with kriti sanon.. like if agree

Saqib Saleem &amp; Taapsee Pannu Pinkvilla What In My Bag 

why is she speaking so slow

Please do it with Alia

Y u messing vth kangana ....actualy i started liking u for ur acting but rmbr kangana is ur grandmother in acting first proof urself den say bakwass fr othr

Very good u don&#39;t need makeup naturally beauty 

I want to place that yellow emoji  in my comment section

She is so sweet ️
Plss do with kajal agarwal plss

May be she is not a very beautiful actress but something attract to her ..and no doubt she is a  very brilliant actress ..her performances are always awsome..

I thought her what&#39;s in my bag segment would be amazing but its ok ok.

I don&#39;t like taapsee
Awe   such a cute pink dress  
She s dumb n oversmart... Dumb engineer

It is said everywhere...I AM A SOFTWER ENG.
Are madame earphones construction wale bhi use karthe hain- yeh kab se technical equipment hua?

Pls do it with shraddha Kapoor

So sweet of you 

Dress is soo pretty

The key to my house
Please need what is in Shraddha Arya&#39;s bag...

love her dress and bag

I like her bag too much.

Plz...do wid shreya goshal
I like her pen in Orange

No perfume 
Flaunt your degree that&#39;s fine! But everyone does carry Earphones 

Alia Bhatt and Kajol please do the segment with them.

Just love this person 

Do this with samantha

Do this segment with anuskha shetty

Plzzz do this segment with kajalagarwal

Do these segment with nayanthara

Nakhray attitude

He is little bit look like Ridhi Dogra

over smartshavam

Do this segment with Alia Bhatt

Why she pointed bout giving autograph with pen

Shall  I should  one shocking  thing is my surname is TAPSE

I love the bag she carries

She came to my school on last thurs

Ur one of my favorite

Plzzz do whats in my phone with alia bhatt

Please do this with Katrina Kaif

Do this segment with alia bhat

I  love  you. Taapsee

Ovr acting .....
She is the only acteress without make up set

Were is your hand sanitizer

Do this segment with alia bhatt plzz

Try this with kriti sanon please pinkvilla

What is the reason of carrying charger without phone 

I also carry earphones but i m not software engineer 

She is another real person after sara ali khan in bollywood

taapsee pannu you looking beautiful 
I&#39;m also a a huge fan of Kate....loves her fashion

Please do a same segment  with alia bhatt 

Her body is exactly like that of a scary bitch, her hair is like that of a bear, but she is afraid but she should look like Bollywood, it is like a heroine's sandal.
Her dress is also looking like a bag

Your dress very nice and you are very hot 

Drama queen hai yaar yeh
Pls do with Alia Bhatt

Do what&#39;s in my bag with  Kareena Kapoor khan plz

<a href="">2:49</a> armpits lovers hit like

Why so much attitude.. idiot ️
You are the one who hates me by posting the tune of religion, you are shameless, your work is good, but it is so bad that you fly in the sky and have some respect for your religion, you have got a lot of blessings for your religion. h ye dharm hume
Grdkua

She luks yaak..widout makeup like a budhiya

tapsi didi you are beautiful in the world

tapsi didi you are beautiful in the world

Sweetie!!!

No makeup 
So much attitude. But I like her acting

NANDANA SEN DISHA PATANI PLSSSSSSSSS

faltu... they wont take name of ny bollywood actress coz ego hurt hojayega

love her hair

thrs somthng in dis girl wch is unique n attractive..

Even i peel my skin off
<a href="">1:43</a>Did she said Poppy?

So cute

Plz do this segment with Hina Khan....

My ghar ki chaabi.she will tell in eng also but its okay

Why are the people here saying it over acting and flaunting...i mean she is just trying to make it interesting...

What the fuck.... this is bag ? Ha ha ha

Plz upload video with aishwarya rai bacchan also i want to see what she carries in her bag

Pls do the segment with kareena kapoor khan and Mira Kapoor

It is so small

I like her bag.... It&#39;s too cute

I guess she is the only actress who doesn&#39;t carry her makeup in her bag

where is the phone
Hate u

Her bag looks cheap

I am her very big fan.

She has earphones with her just because she is a software engineer?!

Kate&#39;s biggest achievement is marrying into a monarchy, you have achieved much more than she ever will.

How many surgeries n skin lightening...check hervdoyth Indian movies...yuckkkkkk....
I like her fashion taste

I. Love. Her. A. Lot.

Kate Middleton
Over smart, over actor

How I will enter in my Ghar...

I like her, she’s cute and bubbly 

How can she write without notebook  so fake

Where is her phone

please do this segment with Neha Kakkar also.
I like your fashion sense

luv u

She is so blah ...

your dress is beautiful

my favorite

Please do this segment with Shraddha kapoor .

I can die for her
No makeup set first heroine who didnt carry in her bag

U are so cute tapsee di 
Please do this segment with Katrina Kaif

Really!!! Attitude. Needs to be polite. 

Waiting for what in my bag with deepika padukone, alia

pink villa do what&#39;s in my bag with me.....

I  like  her  dress  and  hair,both  are  super  cool

Plz do this with zaira wasim plzzzz

A real devil
tapsi ..all love to u

There was no phone in her bag

Watching boys more Thn girlzz 

Please do what&#39;s my bag with Sraddha kapoor

Nice

Dresses haaaaa
Even I love Kate Middleton

she is the first actress who doesn&#39;t carry makeup

She is sooooo cute ....

HATERS... where do u come frm ????

Small bag is good enough to carry

Phli bar small bag....gud...

fazool

With out phn what u will do with ur charger?

I was watching Soorma yesterday! Wow...Amazing act 

She is so funny

plzz make what is in my bag with surbi jhoti

Apna engendering kyu chod di plz  and comment 
U are sooo sweet and pretty
Pinkvilla please do what in my bag with hina khan

Please do what is in her bag with alia bhatt

How will i enter my <b>ghar</b> 

because that&#39;s an pen eraser

Plz introduce the bag of shardha parineeti and Deepika

She is looking Soo beautiful

Cutie
What&#39;s inside keerthi suresh bag

it was boring but I luv her dress

I&#39;m the biggest fan of yours maam

Even her dress looks like a bag....coincedence or planned

Charger witout a phone 

Trust me the things which she carry in her bag are same which l do same pinch tapsee 

She is super honest and that think I love about tapsee 

Alia Bhatt what&#39;s in your bag alia Bhatt

Do  with alia bhatt plz plz

Do it with alia plz....

She rocks 

what&#39;s in my bag with sapna choudherry

tapseee

Such a overacting person

I really like her

That is a eraser that rubs ink

taapsee u looks sooo pretty,beautiful
She is so awesome !!!!!

Pls make this segment with either Ashi singh or Ayesha kadhuskar or kristina patel of yeh un dino ki baat hai serial.......... If u can plz try to do it with ashi plz plz plz please..............

This is my ghar ki chabi

That Ghatiya woman spoke very badly about Hindus, her mother and father should be shamed, she made Muslims fuck her every day, please watch any old movie if you feel real Indian.
One of my fav..girl

Pls make with allia bhatt

Bru cute
TP BAG 
How will she enter her ghar

Pinkvilla do what is in my bag with Mahendra Singh Dhoni

I like her pen just like a pencil 
She is so talented and so simple

she is on starmaker app

she is on starmaker app

she is on starmaker app

please do what&#39;s in my bag with shradahha kapoor....

Plz do what&#39;s in my bag with nora fatehi

I love  you  tappsee you  are  awesome

Plzzzzz.......catch depeeka padukon for this session....

Nice Tapsee pannu

No vibrator

Do with kratika krystal and surbhi... Plz..

Most boring

nothing inside in ur bag???

She is nice

Plz do what&#39;s in my bag with neha kakkar 

Please  shreddha kapoor

Tapse tumhari dress Koi bag se km nhi h or phone km charge kaha h... ghar pr dud the tag h kya.. hahaha

Wnats in my bad with kareena kapoor khan

Boring

i like that smiling pillow

You are very beautiful

She kinda looks like Preity Zinta...

She is funny person and my favorite actress

TALKATIVE.....

Tapsi ur soo sweet.....
So sweet
No..Show...Off...VerY... Simple...Liked...HeR...
And phone?

How can you be software engineer when you are actual profession is actress (acting).. strange to hear this from you. Is it Having bachelor degree in engineering make you software engineer?

I am would bigg fan off thapsee pannuu

Plz do this program with jyo mam and deepika padukonae mam....

Such a boring bag

I love you

No perfume wooooowwwww
I like her dress
Taapsee you are so sweet

She&#39;s so cute n energetic
Over acting

Heart looks clean.
Taapsee you are my favorite

I just love u mam
Her dress itself looks like a bag

Ur gonna carry a charger without phone??? Bohot intelligent

I love you

How can she contact anyone with charger!! .. May be she can.. After all she is an engineer who can do this.. But please share how.. You will definitely get the Nobel prize instead of the Oscar. 

I love her

She is sooooooo......Cute

What she is wearing, that one  also looks like a Handbag .... ,

Tapsee is very punctual

This is my ghar ki chabi Nice one tapsee

How much does this bag hold in my wallet?
So cute. Your voice is very beautiful tapsee

What is in the bag of Alia bhatt

Please do what&#39;s in my bag with Alia Bhatt

Very simple and sweet she is..There is not a single thing related to makeup in her bag unless other actresses and I really like that.She is far different than other Bollywood actresses whether it&#39;s acting choices nature or anything really like her 

Lov u tapsee ..  m big fan of u

Taapsee you are so cute and beautifull l love your hair love your movies the best movie naan shabana is the best movie you did l love you ️which phone brand you have plz tell l am ragamaya ok bye love u
I love tapsee

she is simple and I like her hair style

She is so sweet

Fake

so thin

She is really chirpy. Love her 

Love u taapsee as being a girl.
She is very humble and sweet ....

She is not revealed her full but I love her

She looks so cute 

My favourite heroine

Darama

U are so damn skinnnyyyy.....
Most realistic what&#39;s in my bag 

nice

Plzz do with aishwarya rai

Taapsee u r very nice.I love u
l love tapsee pani

she is sooo talktvet nt tkng  thngs frm bag bt she is tlkng sooo much

She always love using sling bag as she told in open house with Renil Abraham as you all can see

Guys plzz see my vedios

She&#39;s too Cute for words

Over acting is more than explaining  n pls explain us what is d relationship with keeping earphones and software engineer....kuch bhi

She is my favourite actress

Plz do what&#39;s in my bag with alia bhatt

she herself looking like bag

Why do u lecture tooo much......
Simple and sweet

that kind chabi

taapseee.... is a beautiful girl.....

&quot;I will carry my director in my Bag&quot; Love you tapsi

Please do what&#39;s in my bag with alisha panwar and jannat zubair if u agree hit like

Love your bag nd love u..
spoiled not at all

The couch she&#39;s was sitting on is so yummy!!! It&#39;s like chocolate xD

Wt a change over tapsee..looking cool
Love u so much tapsee

lovely dress darling
'Key to the house' ki English meaning nahi aati!
u are so cute  and pretty

Wow i like her dress 

U looks so pretty n cute. i love u.
She is so fake  engineer .. pen ? Really u have use those words to look intelligent ? 

I love her

nice

She just talked un nessasarily in this video

Its btr to provide da product nme also.

Her dress cuteee

i  love  tapsee  pannu

I dont like Taapsee that much She is a good actor but not the best

Plzz do this with Alia bhatt

How is carrying earphones related to being a software engineer....lol

No make up
Taapsee And Sidharth you so much for giving the parcel to shyamala you tr for telling us to watch the movie Hichaki including my maid of honour of it but l dont sell it on the mixture into the mixture n grind everything in the mixture n grind everything in the mixture n grind 4th and sunny leone sidharth malhotra dil and red bull in yr life Dil Pyaar 

very very nice dress

Tapsee ur dress is too good I like it

Taapsee the moment, I have to go to Thank you for the delay a few weeks ago, but I think the problem of a new job and 

Plz do What I Eat In A Day with Kareena Kapoor Khan.

Do this p.c please

Tapsee ur my favourite

I love u tapsi i am your very very bigest fan
where is phone

I need the video of what is in my bag with nayanthara..please upload

She’s anaemic.

U r so cute in this video

nice and plzz do what&#39;s in my bag with actress hansika

Love her 
I love you taapsee u r my idol 
Miss.Perfect 
She have hair just like me wavy

Please do this with kriti sanon

Taapsee You are so beautiful charming and sweet. I love you with varun dhawan. You guys have a nice jodi

Tapsi is so beautiful........

I love you tapse
Horrible nose

I lov u taapsee ...u r worth
Oh my God she is looking damn beautiful

Just love her cute smile

Please do Shraddha Kapoor what in my bag

I love taapsee
She is awesome  

I'm sorry
What is the relation of carrying earphones and being a software engineer?

y r all bollywood ppl blonde 

I love you Taraee .I love you very much.

Where is her mobile? ANYWAYS SHE IS SUPERB

plz do it also wuth kareena and krishma

plz do it with priyankA and deepika  .....u always do it with flop actresss ......bcs i think actresses like deepika and priyanka dont give them time

Tapsee your looking great and I think that your soo liking to contact with someone that&#39;s what you had your charger will you ...isn&#39;t it ??

I just love u so muchhhh
I am her biggest ,biggest,biggest fan
I loved it...I m also like u...hate carring much things...Tapsee Pannu&#39;s and Niti Tailor&#39;s video of what&#39;s in my bag...I loved the most...

deppika padukon what is bag show please

I&#39;m a big fan of the tapsee

Taapsee is the cutest n innocent heroine in the bollywood,

such a cute bag!

pinkvilla do it with Kriti sanon

What hairstyle is this?

Omg she is not carry any makeup...

So this segment with hina khan

She is so sweet 

Loved her outfit

You are so cute

earphone every gal carries whts it related to bein an &quot;Software engineer&quot; as if u have invented it........n carryin a pen is &quot;Mark of an intelligent person&quot; .. well any note &quot;software apps&quot; on ur phone will do.......n its not called &quot;Rubber&quot; its called earser................lookin at her other interviews it comes across as if she thinks she is &quot;dfferent, intelligent,confident&quot; but thats not the case... she is Dumb n overconfident n not &quot;different&quot; for sure

where to get that dress?

I love Taapsi pannu and by the way I m a girl..

Pink villa do a video on what&#39;s in my bag with anushkashetty

Cute girl

Y&#39;s hina khan plzz

Please pink villa have a video with hanshika mothivani .

She is such a fun person...very humble and sweet!!!

Omg  dress n bag both are so preety

Over acting ki dookan. Any way u r ok but very ugly

fucking hot

do this with Shilpa shinde

HaiPress ur ...bell for ..latest updates..Where is ..latest updates..I don&#39;t get .Dalo tu shi kuch latest.

Michael Jackson
you are so cute
She is beautiful in chamse badoor girl

can you guys make one video on  what&#39;s  in  deepika&#39;s bag???

Over showing off

This lot of drama will happen to your Tapsee a little if your attitude starts to look good
qute lady
love you tapsee panu
please do Alia bhatt video what&#39;s in my bag

She is just awesome..and so cute.. - Uzma

U were looking more beautiful earlier.. Y did u went for facial surgeries?  And u r too skinny don&#39;t mind but not looking so good like before. All the best for your career

Nice mam

So positive and believe me it&#39;s a truth

I saW all the episodes....but I didn&#39;t saW a classy wallet with any of them

I like taapsee pannu very much

i love her

R u sikh because your name is tapasee pannu

I can’t keep all my necessary stuff in such a small bag...being a celebrity she has to carry more stuffs than a normal girl then how can she put all her stuffs in that small bag

I enjoyed,I just love you Tapsee
Di please give me your  number

You are very beautiful 

Which brand purse is this? Anyone?

She needs a nose job

what is the work of charger witgout phone ????

nautanki
Taapsee my crush 
I love you sooooooooo muchhhhhhhh

Tapsee is very beautiful, cute and sweet

Lovely bag

I want that pen 

she is not carring phone isn&#39;t she

Nice

I love tapsee panu

She&#39;s beautiful

What a nice bag

pinkvilla what addrass does Taapsee stay

I just love her love u

I love you taapsee
Boring presentation

I love herby the way why are you wearing a bag

plzz do it with alia bhat also plzzz

Simple nd cute

U really did not show wants in her bag

U really did not show wants in her bag

I love this girl like anything 

Pinkvilla please do this segment with Jacqueline Fernandez

dsnt matter u hav a sml or big bag its just osm...d way u carry all d things

its osm tapassi mam...

Taps you&#39;re very cute like a doll

I love her

Increase the volume

pinkvilla do whats in my bag with Kareena  plzzz

She is so stupid. How will I enter my घर? Wtf and she said I have keys bec my sister locks it and go. And what&#39;s this unlike many girls. So desperate to say she is different.

Do this segment with Shefali Zariwala &amp; Soumya Tandon

However tapsee i really like u...kinda cool kinda u know panjabi larki larko se kam nahi..nd u r absolutely beautiful...
Love you so  Taapsee didi
Tapsee is so cute 

OMG she is completely flat top to bottom

Charger s v has been contacted.
Taapsee looks a bit like Shilpa shetty

She just so cuteeeeeeee

She was so much cuter when she was lil plumper . Now she looks weird . Why do women under pressure choose to be thin . In Judwa 2 Jacqueline looked fit and she looked thin like a school girl

Boring

Pls make a video on what&#39;s in my bag with munmun dutta

she has her charger but not her phone??

she has her charger but not her phone??

she has her charger but not her phone??

Her dress is awesome

She lived near my house like 4 years ago near thiruneermalai,chennai

How ugly she is

Somehow , I like her 
Why does she look like a bag?

Over acting tapsi

Soooooooo
Camera thoda kharab hain

I love tapsee pannu

She never thought of her parents only from them she is in this world

It&#39;s cute and Pretty pinky
wow

she us trying to prove she is the most intelligent person... I dnt knw why

I just hate her...

Do a segment with sanaya irani plzz

She is so real
Even her dress looks like bag

I love her dress n bag 
So pretty

I love that pen which has eraser on top of itAnd also looks like pencilWhere will I get that type of pen

phone?

What&#39;s in my bag with Ameesha Patel pls

I love her bag very much
good

Her hair 

Underrated actress

She don&#39;t have mobile

Her dress is a little weird

Why do most of the persons have to comment negatively? Let&#39;s not judge her and just enjoy/watch the video. Just because she is a celebrity, she hasn&#39;t taken up the task to be a perfectionist.

She is quite funny

What are you gonna do with a charger when there&#39;s no phone:/

Shabana
She had the headphones n charger but wat is she listening to n what is she chargingTats all she carriesMeans she&#39;s out without a phone???Loved her bag n out fit...Not bag but a cute clutch...She seems sweetWishing her Good Luck in all her upcoming projects

I love tapsi mam

taapsee isnt receptive to fans love no autographs meeting she only talks to them rarely if in a good mood

Taapsee literally looks like britanny murphy from her clueless days as tai &lt;3

Omg she hve no more makeup in her bag ...its really strange for me bcoz she is an actor.

this video should be named stupid &quot;overconfident women bragging about being a engineer&quot; not &quot;what in my bag&quot; there&#39;s literally nothing in her cheap bag

A video like this with Alia️ please

Just like me

I think she&#39;s the only one actress whose bag is not full of make up stuffs..

Worst and boring

Love her. I feel she&#39;s different just like her name 

Normal

Lol  she is like half asleep but cute

Very boring

gotta love people who speak hindi and english together &quot;this is my ghar ki chabi&quot;

even I admire Kate Middleton
Please do this with Nia Sharma , Hina Khan and Krystle Dsouza

Pls do whats in my bag with divyanka tripathi 

nice video

even her dress looks likes bag 
please do it with aishwarya rai

I think all actress is drug addict or how come they became so skinny with in very short time

Her dress is also like a bag

Tapasiiiiiii is damn pretty! Love her. 
Her bag looks like a dress n her dress looks like hand bag :) . Love  from Pakistan

Yay...at least someone with a small bag....!!!  I love to be handsfree too

I love u tapsee pannu
I love u Tapsee u r so sweet
I watch bag in side form hina khan
very boring but if  its enough for u then it&#39;s okay ...

The worst video on the pink villa ..sry but true..

It&#39;s a nice video

Wow Tapsee!! you rock

She dn&#39;t hve boobs

Do this segment wth Aishwarya roy

So fake. Over acting

plzzz depika padukon and priyanka chopra

plz do with shrenu parikh

Where&#39;s her phone?

ya plz what is in karena bag

Her outfit looks really good...........

pls put on some weight .it seems like if a storm comes she will break down in parts .. 

Her dress is probably frm aliexpress cz i saw it der

Taapsee Pannu is my favourite actress....I like her very much...Love you Taapsee..

Oh show me that bag
what&#39;s in my bag with Disha Patni

do this with shraddha n alia

FAKE.She herself said she&#39;s never used this bag before. All just for show, for Pinkvilla.No actress only carries one handcream.&quot;i&#39;m a software engineer&quot; &quot;I&#39;m intelligent I carry a pen&quot;.LOLOLOLOL.

sound quiality bohat kharab hai

Hi love you

Tapsee Ur the best

Lov the cloth
I like her dress nd she is very cute

Love ur hair️️️
I just love her. plz do what&#39;s in my bag with deepika,alia,katrina,kareena and priyanka chopra and disha patani..

First-time she was innocent and simple now days she behaving like other celebrity bitches so what&#39;s the result of being educated. Stop being fake

Waste of 3mnts

She&#39;s just an average looking lady

she is so fucking irritating and a shop of over acting.

She is looking sooo pretty

luv uh tapsee....kool actress
She’s ugly ass as hell

bs itna hi jb bag show nhi karna tha to why don&#39;t you join in pink villa and plz don&#39;t say this is my ghar ki chabi I thing u can this is my home keys

Love her ️️
She looks fake....yakkk

Wow...first actress with no makeup in her bag

I couldn&#39;t hear u actually!!

She carries charger but where is the mobile phone?

Yr over actor kha sy uth kr ai hu jahil lg rhi hu
kriti sanon plississs
first actress I seen in “what is in my bag ” who doesn&#39;t carry lip balm and lipstick.. who else notice..? 

Too bad TP l lv u but not agreed your video

Overacting ki dukaan..miss tapsee
I just love u Yaar your movies are just wow i cannot express my feelings to u just love u......... 
Style ye ni maarai gi toh kya aap log maaro gay 
i have the same bag charles and keith

Plz do it with Deepika Padukone

The Doll, the same applies for you, comment on the video not on me or other commentors........I&#39;m not typing anything from your device so SHUT UP AND LEAVE IT HERE

Nice

Phone charger without phone! 

Whts in my bag with kareena kapoor.. I m big fan of her.. n she is very gorgeous.. super talented.. she carries herself nicely..

Love u tapsee...
so smart.....charger without ph...pre planned

Taapsee you are my one of the fav actress

day by day her clothes are getting short and shorter...in judawa my God 

Hi taapsee I am your biggest biggest fan love you taapsee
Pinkvila please do what&#39;s in my bag with divyanka tripathi

Plz Do it With KARINA KAPOOR KHAN PLZ HUGE REQUREST FROM SO MANY PEOPLE I SEE IN COMMENT SECTION EVEN I WANTED SAME.PLZ DO IT

Taapse is so cuteeee and sexy ️️

no makeup? :v
Please share your fitness tips tapsee! You r my fav!

Her hair is so beautiful i just love it

Pinkvilla please do a closet video with nia sharma ,mouni roy an adaa khan and hina khan .

earphne se yaad aata...tht u r a software engineer .....
I think a girl shud carry atleast one lipstick yaar tapsee u r my fav and im expecting frm u that kuch toh awesomely awesome hoga apke bag me bt totally disappointed 

She indeed is intelligent...

i just luv her in this video becoz she is the only person who is not showing off her brands lyk what she is carrying or using..she is real

Charger without a phone... Smart enough...!!!???

Boring....

Very Very Appreciable..It&#39;s Better than To Take a small luggage.Lovely Video..You are very Gorgeous..I am a  big fan of yours. I Love You ..Tapsee...You are Amazing!!

yawnnn

Plz do it with kajal aggarwal and samantha

She is so cute

Yeah!! I enjoyed this videoI lyk uu tapsee......uh r so cute From bhumi

The funniest thing is that she has a charger and ear phones but she has no phone in her bag. But still I love her

Over acting

Whoever says she&#39;s overreacting, try and reach her level................she&#39;s seen all over nationally and internationally......she doesn&#39;t even know who u people are and nor does she care.

Omg what happened to herShe looks sick

the most boring whats in my bag thing ever....

She&#39;s amazingly adorable

She&#39;s so beautiful. I like her dress and bag

You looking so beautiful taapsee

over attitude..

So far niddhi agerwal was so interesting!!. I could watch her video several times

she is brilliant... just love her...

she is brilliant... just love her...

That is not so interesting. Wanna see dipeka...alia...and many more

Pinkvilla please do it with lopamudra raut

I like her bag 
Very cuteeee
I love her..! She is not a heroine!! She is actually an actress!!

Very cute and flawlessly beautiful 

Her dress itself is looking like a bag.... 

Every single person carries Ear Phones with them How is that related to being an EngineerNice Video Though

Plzzzzzzzzzz pinkvilla do this segment with shraddha kapoor 

I love this show so much!
Love you Tapsee

without phone charger? 

Thank you so much pinkvilla for thisThis was my requested videoI love you pinkvillaAnd taapsee too

Very boring girl and over confident. She is showing off that she is a software engineer. Her lips go somewhere when she speaks, it doesn&#39;t stay in place like a usual person. I hate her.

Amazing video pls do what&#39;s in my bag with Deepika Padukone mam please



her dress nd hairs are lukin fab 

Love Tapsee Pannu

Plz do with kajal aggarwal and samantha ruth prabu

I&#39;m Such a Big Fan Of her From Pakistan! KANGNA &amp; TAPSEE Are Gems 

whats in my bag with Jacqueline please

Wow what a cool bag

Love you Tapsee 

Plz do &#39;Whats In My Bag&#39; With Kareena Kapoor Khan

I enjoyed kissi
No makeup stuff
Congratulations for JUDWAA 2

Love love
Loved it

her body

there&#39;s nothing in her bag.

tapssee you are sweet and your dress is also good love you

Good 
what&#39;s in my bag with rakhi sawant plzzzzzzzzzzz :P :P

omg nice guy
For all those who are also calling it overacting,,, what do you want every actress to do if she overacts or gives fake words?
So pretty

Tapsee love you 

Nice..Pinkvilla do what&#39;s in my bag with hina khan....plz...

Anyone wondering how she fits everything in there

love your smile :)

She is just sooooooooo cutelove you tapsee

its a charles and keith bag if any of you guys are wondering.

Kate Middleton? Really?

u forget  to  show  condome  packet

chutiya

just love her!! she is awesome n so real

Over acting.. cute though!!

Her dress is also looking like a bag

what...  nothing intersting...

She&#39;s self obsessed, I&#39;m a software engineer, intelligent person ... blah blah . Everybody mostly has a pen in their bag, come on .. be realistic .

please do what i eat in a day with deepika padukon

Her hair secrets plzz

I&#39;m really waiting for this video

She&#39;s overacting though..

awwwww so sweet

itna show kis baat ka.

Sweet n simple... Luv u taps
I just love her.....

I love her sooo much.

Nice !! And wow first one to comment

Wow
