We need to put a GoPro camera on the bomb!
Well, put controlled cameras in Kalash bullets and let's see how it is
Didn't hit a white Toyota pickup truck?
For every one of the 224 people killed on flight A321, 100 ISIS scumbag militants must be destroyed. a total of 22,400 ISIS fighters must be destroyed. This is the price to pay for the death of our fellow citizens. an eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth. This is what it says in the Old Testament. no other way. Dear VKS RF, remember this. good luck, guys. Russia believes in the Russian Aerospace Forces!!!
The quality of the video is starting to please)) Thank you.
I don’t understand why bomb single vehicles, these are such insignificant targets that it’s not even worth bothering with. Is there really nothing left to bomb?
The picture quality is very good.
missed the second car (
We want night videos from helicopters on mobile targets!))
past again
they didn’t hit the jeep)
The second exploded 10 meters away - not exactly at the target, but with a blast wave - it destroyed all living things within a radius of 50 meters - exactly!!!
People dug, tried, and then bang and all their work was in vain. But I wonder, how are the extremists baked, with or without a crust?))))
The same commentators as here died on a plane in the skies over Sinai, sitting in a comfortable chair, perhaps watching videos like this, and waiting for the continuation of the series. But they will never see the continuation. People, war is not a movie. Think about whether we need this war before it’s too late...
Need to use stronger-higher yield weapons. This pew-pew tactics will not bring victory. Perhaps sending a few Tu-22s?

pioneer fire
I wonder what is more expensive than KAB-500s or ODAB-9000 and with their KVO what is cheaper to beat?
OO nice, next step in 3d, stock up on popcorn
Well, that's it... there is color, there is HD quality. We are waiting for 1080p and 60 fps!! :)
I'm selling a Toyota, the paint is original, not damaged... I swear to my mother!!!
I love Russia!!!

something new, cool)
about the mistakes, do you really think that the VKS wanted to destroy the machine? ))))
I thought they missed the car, but it turned out they were aiming for the tunnel and hit it. Terrible accuracy...it’s scary.
fake,
2 nd bomb was a miss. Off by 10-15 meters

Did you leave the Toyota running and the air conditioner blew up?
It's a common thing - we hit somewhere, but not everywhere. But the name is loud.
I wonder what the stronghold was like?
How could Russia now use combat drones with cruise missiles or bombs? We urgently need to develop it, it is very effective, especially if the dimensional models...
Why don’t they try the new vacuum bomb, which is the “Daddy of all bombs”? ?
FAB-250 M62 - Reduced radius "solid" affected areas: for vulnerable equipment: 27-45m. Especially for idiots.
This is apparently Tayota)
I think their lula kebab was burnt there :)
Hit or missed... There is such hell within a radius of 50 meters that it is not necessary to hit!
So, did the missile miss the truck?!  How could that happen, if it was locked-on to the target?

Those who talk about mistakes would like a FAB to shit 20 meters from their car?
The Toyota there was moderate)) They damaged the paintwork blah))
In short, moles suffered along with IS! I protest against the inhumane treatment of animals! They are moderate moles...
haze from underground in the last seconds clearly indicates the defeat of underground passages)
THERE WILL BE VIDEO FROM HELICOPTERS??????????????????)
We are waiting for 3D!!
The second one also hit) Only there they were not aiming at the car, but at the underground tunnels, so whoever says that they missed, you can safely suck
Now in color
The first one hit, the second one didn’t
Oleg you missed the car :)
