Sooner or later, all these dogs will die, some under bullets, some under bombs, I only feel sorry for the mothers who did not save the stupid children who believed in the Recruiters’ fairy tales. Inshallah, if they had been better monitored and given more knowledge about the basics of Islam, they would not have gone to ISIS.
ISIS bombing (TV series 2015-...) Country: Russia, Syria Director: Vladimir Putin Cameraman and special effects director: Sergei Shoigu Cast: Su-34, Su-24M, Su-25, ISIS
I like this series)
ISIS will simply begin to change tactics. They will move their bases, warehouses and bunkers to densely populated areas. And then such tricks will no longer work.
Terrorism is very bad!!! and Russia clearly conveys this to the detected terrorists!!!!! even when the USA is covering their back!!!
Ukraine next
What are they smoking?
by
“The way up is difficult, but the view is good.”© (Russian Air Force)
why not in 4K, it's not serious
- Ah, nah, I'm going to the bar! - the surviving Muslims cried out.
I see these action movies aren't as fun as they used to be. And now there is very little confidence left in them. And was it there before? Rather, self-confidence, which has now given way to despair, fear, and hysteria. Ours are handsome. They burned this sectarian office well. Keep it up!)
It is very good that now there is a technique that can ensure that strikes are delivered “targeted” and from a distance safe for pilots. The Russian military space forces operate precisely and harmoniously. The Syrian army was having a very hard time, it’s good that Assad made an official request for help from Putin.
If we take into account that the Americans trained 5 militants for 500 million dollars, then the death of one will cost 100 million dollars) Just the golden guys in this “moderate Syrian opposition”! Not everyone can afford to maintain such an opposition!
Record the coordinates of the targets on video so that you can watch them in Google Maps!!!!
It is necessary to release an atom on them, and urine on the corpses.
Our VKS are fried only this way, unlike all those who have been diligently fighting terrorists all this time. I am surprised that after all these records of our work, the US does not want to cooperate. It’s time to understand that Russia has demonstrated its strength and clarity of action. It's too late to save your pet terrorist hamsters, better help
Will the DVD be released with replays of the best moments and tactical analysis?? I would watch it with the whole family after work))
I don't envy militants. However, they themselves are to blame. ISIS militants threatened Russia (and many others) in one way or another - no matter how, with weapons on the front line, or simply by posting a video on the Internet - these were threats. And if you make threats and generally behave like a total rude person, be prepared for someone to hit you in the face, which is actually what’s happening today. Time will tell, of course, how effective Russian forces will ultimately be. It's not evening yet, gentlemen, it's not evening yet.
Yesterday they caught Syrians in Moscow with 10 kg of TNT, they were preparing a terrorist attack! Is this war worth it? A? Russians? 300 million dollars a day + the emerging threat is not terrible in Syria, but here... at home? The Islamists will not talk to you on talk shows, they will blow up and destroy everything that belongs to Russia. Are you ready for this? Why are you so zealously applauding the new bloody war of your announcer, maniac and part-time president?
This is fantastic. Thank you Russia for making the world a safer place.

because it sucks
and in which episode does Ali Baba marry Gyulchatai? otherwise I missed it(
God, how are we fucking))
Do not stop until victory! God is with you, russians!

Do not stop until victory! God is with you, russians!

How many explosives were there that detonated more powerfully than a bomb, and on an area 4 times larger?
little Suggs)
But the German correspondent. He drowns for al-Qaeda, with pleasure he justifies the rebels who cut off the head of a prisoner today during an unsuccessful assault <a href="">
Now the terrorists are demanding that American bombings in the desert be resumed, but it is too late.
ISIS and I have now become brothers both by sponsor and by mother...
The couple there detonated pretty well at first
cheeta &quot;boom&quot; too big! Are they thermobaric bombs or is there something detonated there?
The author is burning))
Boom.
Keep it up, Russia, bomb the IS bastards back to the Stone Age, SPASIBO!!!
Finally there’s fire, there’s some stupidity in there.. They’re banging around like that.
Beautiful, was it filmed at sunset?))...
This is where it really blew up!
did a great job
3 ISIL fighters disliked.
Yep!!! It didn't make a damn thing. Looks like the drone has already malfunctioned...
The Americans would show at least one such video, otherwise 2000 blows would be of no use, but then they flew in, did the job and showed the whole world how to work. Proud of our Army!
Department of Defense, please install cameras on the plane and in the cockpit, and then edit the video from all the cameras and the video of the explosion. It will be a very interesting movie. Who's finger up?
WHEN WILL YOU SHOW THEIR CORPSE???I WANT TO LOOK AT THIS..
give me ODAB-9000 already
do you see anything on this film, I see nothing

Mmmmonster kill! :D Great job slavic brothers :)

These look like serious bombs. Yes, and the UAV has great zoom.
Burn, burn clearly so that it doesn’t go out!
GLORY TO RUSSIAN WEAPONS!!! GREETINGS FROM SERBIA!!!! <a href="">VK.COM/SRPSKI_GLAS</a>
The fucker crept up unnoticed)
they thought the USA would protect them hahahahaha
Obama is in a trance, his brainchild is being destroyed
Again they fucked who knows where who knows how. “The source of the fire is clearly visible on the video.”... this is from the series “Do you see the gopher?”
Mossfilm.
It goes well!
It turned out to be a fat dot.
Wow, this is awesome! :)
