congratulations my favourite actress and Bollywood&#39;s best actress in

Wow my frvt .. Sonam kapoor

Oh Really

Kyu be sale sonam pregent kaha hai jhute kute channel band kar

Congrats

fake news

Fake pic

Teri maa ki
Congrats

Ab ye publicity kregi pregnancy ki Apni jbi Kareena kapoor ko dekh kr dosri heroin ko dekh kr pregnant ho gai ...complex

bakhwaas kharab fattu
bakwas

Fake

Fake pic edite kiti aa

juthy

Sonam you are very dirty girl

Fake pic h Inko kuch nai milta to ye sab krne baith jaty h idiot log

Hae larki fake news mad banao

Chut fake news

Bad news 
Baby bump so early......
Sorry to say but the narrators bmvoice is so boring and low

Sonam Kapoor is cute congratulations for first baby &amp; make for each other

even a little
Juthi nesw
Pregnant he ye to theek he par itni jaldi pet nazar arha he ye sochne wali BT he

Congratulations all the best stay happy and healthy good luck

What is this news this is any matter r u mad

You will get pregnant after marriage.
Don't worry, I just got married and now… think before posting anything
totttal chutiyapa
Pakka fake hogi news

Ma sha Allah congratulations sonam stay blessed and safe....

️️ congratulations...
Is it true????

It hasn't even been a month since I got married and I'm pregnant.
What
Kuch b bakwas likdheythy ho.  Negative commnts math karo falthu logo ke thrha  besharm log khudh ko dheiko dhusri ladki ko bolneysey pehley. 

Pagal Lok Stupid Harmi Sall Koi Pregnant Nahi Hai Yeh Actress Lok.Itni Jaldi Baby Nahi Karte Samje Sahi Ho Hai Agar Pregnant Hoti Ese Nahi News Aty Samj Gaye Dumm Hai Such News Batao Jo Tumra Kahnnel V Chle Sal Kanjra
Abi to shadi hoi hy

There are few 
Every bit is of no use, is it all fake?
Haha what are the comments?
She is pregnant before marriage.that&#39;s why hurry marriage after sri death.look at her honeymoon pics she wearing preg dress n clearly sees

Good luck to them finally  got rid of sonam now jaanvi

If she pregnant this mean she sleep with her husband before married 

Congratulated

Congrats

The owl's leaves were thickened with paste... even the remaining ones came out and showed...
Congratulations sonam 
Sonam is looking so cute

isko tu pcos tha

annnnnnn.............so cute news sonam we love you a lot and you becoming mom is a blessing..........take care a lot and quit your any future committments for any movies until your delivery is done...............

It is of no use to you that you talk about others.
Congratulations sonam par bahut jaldi nahi hai yeh sab kuch
So fast they are

Wow....a baby coming is a wonderful thing....... stay safe sonam.....

congratulate yara sister may Allah keep you and your hubby or baby always happy (ameen)
What ...So fast fast happening
Kya

Congratulations 
OMG.....
Congrats

Congratulations beautiful

Very much more beautiful you are
