2024

i was watching this video at 2021 i miss it sorry i didnt commented...

Yesssssss
LOBILLOS MUSICAL DE DURANGO…
WOOW

February 2023 
Bro just offroaded while offroading-

Who has the balls to do that

From Mumbai to the Mountains | A Mumbai High Court Advocate&#39;s Epic Bike Ride Across Northern India <a href="">

Who else is here for interesting facts?
Who is watching this video in 2023?

Anyone from 2024 here 

I think the wheel must have numerous centipede-like feet. Even so, is that speed difficult?
Whose watched in dec 2023

This journey is harder more than travel on to sun...

Kung Fu Panda (2008)Noah's Ark (2007)The Jungle Book (1967)
This is How my Dad Go To School

Do not try this at home 

Mountain biking, often referred to as MTB, is an exciting and adventurous sport involving riding specially designed bicycles on off-road terrains, such as rocky gravel paths, non-asphalt trails, and steep mountain slopes with challenging features like steep ascents and descents, as seen in videos. It is a high-risk activity. i like to see this sport

By watching this video i also want to ride cycle 

Game name plz

Downhill is a sport that stimulates adrenaline. I admire the courage and agility of downhill cyclists who are able to tackle steep, challenging and often extreme terrain at high speed. They must have quick reactions and excellent line reading skills to avoid obstacles and maintain control of the bike at incredible speeds

Look, these night images taken with the GoPro Hero 10 <a href="">
Legends are seen in 2023

Pov: You are trying to survive your nightmare

Humans are so interesting

THERE WERE SO MANY PEOPLE CHERRING
Gary the marry

LEGEND ARE WACHING IN 2023

Bicycle name and price

Wow

That looks pretty scary! If I was u! Lol!

I can&#39;t imagine myself in that guy&#39;s place. Like i would be dead after 10 seconds of the video.

Very cool!
very good

RIP legend
Those who are still watching in October 2023 are legends 

I feel tickling in my stomach after seeing this 

GOPRONATED 
in the case of our hero, for him, a 360 coup seems like a relief. (F)

SampleSample

People who are watching in 2023

Dang respect to the people doing these, one wrong move will cause death or injury.

That was wilddddd

Those are watching in 2023 like hair 

Rip legend
Who built the path on that mountain?
That breathing 

This use to be top tier products marketing. Now look at what Opera GX is doing

Imagine this in virtual reality headset

2️⃣0️⃣2️⃣3️⃣
RIP Legend...
I’m enjoying the bike so far <a href="">  My only real complaints are the brakes and the pedals. I feel like a bike designed for bigger people should have much larger pedals and more heavy duty brakes. I’ve only gotten two really good rides out of it, minimal downhill action, and the brakes feel like they’re already going out. A larger person has more momentum, so I think this wasn’t thought through very well. Also, I wear size 13-14 wide shoes. My feet cramp up on these pedals that are clearly made for smaller feet. Since I’m not a pro rider (and I don’t think many are who purchase this bike) I don’t think that the straps on the pedal are necessary at all. None of this takes away from the enjoyment I get from riding, however. I’ll just head to a bike shop to improve on a few things.

Oops missed the turn

But How ?

Those are still watching in August 2023 they are legwnds

Who&#39;s actually watching this in August 2023  rip

Watching in 2023

Those Who Are Watching in 2023 Are Legends 

Pro legendary

99.9 level rider ️️
Legends are watching in 2023

 Three <a href="">0:23</a>
Here I&#39;m again july2023
joss
Those people who are still watching in 2023 are true legends true respect 

HELLO FROM 2023!

Very nice 
Go reload in 1440p...

sweety gadha

Zzzghs
Anyone watching in 2023 

Legend are watching in 2023 

This is amazing

Butter
Different huh flower <a href="">0:11</a>
2023 Hereee!!!
those who are watching in june   2023 are the legend

I am court
Good stumt

More the banditr
Who is here to watch the most viewed video from Redbull? 

Who is watching this in 2023

23585

Oh my God this is so amazing 

thumbs uP

Why is this man saying:ficiufiuci

2023 ️
Those who r still watchin in may 2023 are legends

When I was 12 or 13 I saw this video in a bike shop at the gopro stand. 13 broken bones later, I still remember this moment as one of the best of my life. Rest In Peace Legend...

Who Are Still Watching In 2023

This is going to kill me
How the hell that the cycle dont fall with such a nasty road and deep pits in narrow mud road, if there is a person to whom we shall atteattriibute a word called PROFESSIONAL, it is him 

That was amazing

Watched it 20’ from the landing… still the most amazing MTB thing I’ve seen! RIP.

Legends are watching in 2023

2023?

Who else is watching this in may 2023?

if you put the music 𝐋𝐢𝐯𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐋𝐢𝐟𝐞 𝐈𝐧 𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐍𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭 on it its perfect
This guy got more trust in his brakes than i do with god

How many this video in  2023

oh  hell  no !how  did  he  survive and didn&#39;t fall  of  his  bike  or  whatever! no  hate !!!!!!!!!!!!  just  asking!!!!
That&#39;s same my dad used to go school in their time.....

It is amazing and unbelievable performing that stunned us.

Real legends are watching in 20k3

While riding My anxiety :  

Injustice
Watching 2023

Who is watching in april 2023

To those who are watching this in April 2023. You are a legend 

I hope one day I could do something like this but I love my life too much to attempt this.

Broo

I would fall off the bike at the first drop

9 years 

Omg

I miss him such a good rider R.I.P Kelly he was doing what he loved

Cycle name

RIP Kelly Mcgarry

Legend are watching in 2023

People who watch this video in last the last day of March Is Legend 

Yee uppar kayde hoga hoga


Red Bull give for <i>____</i> 
What do you mean? Here i am 2023

Legendary....↓ Brother, you ride a better cycle than me...
<a href="">

I literally had anxiety growing up.

Those who are legend seeing in 2023

I&#39;m

O.M.G.  left me brethless!
Awesome
Gopro hero 3 still looks good today

Legends watching in 2023

Le me* - watching these videos while laying down on bed 

I can’t even do a little wheelie on my bike this dude is insane

Op 2023

Oh my god
Who&#39;s watching in 2023

Those who are watching now they are legends

That breath taking sound in the end 

Perfect perfect perfect and easy to set up!

RIP Kelly McGarry

Awesome! However, that&#39;s one of the reasons why men live less than women!

This is too epic for my own good

My anxiety through the whole video
Who are you man amazing iam your fan

His skil give us gonna hart attack during watch. And that man died by hart Attack. RIP. Brother 

This is my mums cousin you know don’t believe me it’s ok

This footage is more stable than my whole career 

Dude you are crazyMy breathing was stopped... Literally

Really canyon is a cyclist ‍️  record holder . Love from India 🇮🇳.

Wow very dangerous

Bro please can you say which cycle is this 

2023

You&#39;d think his Giant Balls would get caught up in the spokes.

Yeah the ones still watching in 2024…Those are the real legends.

Those who are still watching in January 2023.They are ultra legend 

very romantic

2023

Who&#39;s here in 2024

Those who are happy watching this without having a bicycle are real legends.

This is how my dad used to go to school!

Everyone watching is gopro!!!

<b>Rip Kelly</b>

1 fault and you&#39;re dead

Dec 2022
Me in gta 5
How my parents thinking going to school:  ‍️How my friends thinking going to school:

ok time to check the videorelizes he wasnt recordingJumps off the cliff

I miss you 41
Rip brother 

Will come back in 2023 

And that&#39;s how my dad went to school back in the days.

used to watch this when I was 12 years old, now I&#39;m 21 and guess what I still watch it

Just watching it, I feel dizzy, nauseous 
It&#39;s maddness

That insanity is only for the applause.

My back hurts just watching this.

God bless you and your family

Breathe voice

December 2022

Cycle name pls

When you see hill climbing in real world 

Indian are legends than that

MY: mother use this is the road

Allahu akbar 
I wonder how brave you are! You are so brave!

not possible
I believe u have balls bigger than planet earth

Japanese?
Mount chilliard gta 5

it is crazy how much GoPro&#39;s stabilization has changed over the years

super camera, the sound quality is super, I shoot with this camera
How is possible

RIP to one of the best riders out there, thanks for being you bro️

Super

I love this but aint doin this shit....ever!

Super
Those who are still watching in 2023.They are true legends

The thrill is great
I knew this was sponsored by Red Bull the moment I saw how ridiculous and dangerous it was!

What a iron heart you have man.. Bravo bravo... You killed me... Man dr so

BRO SEE THE STABILITY

This how my father went to school

Budies iam dpress i dont know what is the meening of happy but one day insallah i will be happy 

My soul left th body. 

Can we select another color please?

But what happens when they fall with them sharp rocks ??? Daaam 

Astonishing cycling. had I never seen ever before . While I was watching this video clip, I exclusively focussed on his way of Cycling. That was in fact mind-boggling cycling. I wish I knew such kind of cycling. But RIP this cycling Guy who passed away due to cardiac arrest.

The old video

Wow bikes a king

I feel your breath
 really wish I could meet Kelly

My nightmares be like :

If you fall just turn on radio before you hit the ground

How many years of practice??

I can&#39;t just imagine this is real It feel very dangerous  congratulation

Suicidal
watching in vr is mind blowing

May this Legend Rest easy

GOD TO DEATH : UR FIRED

The bike:ow repair ne again

POV:when i go to the badlands in minecraft

wonderful
So intense bike rides
Who 2022?

Who 2022?

Those who are watching it in September like

ZBS&#39; !

This stunts are perfom only legends   

Rip

No fear no gear
What an amazing video

It&#39;s just awesome. 2022

Washing

People still watching in 2022 is a true off-road addict

Anyone else watching on their bed?

Is this real?

Deez

WOW 
Nice 
Rider be like : ye to hamara bhi bapp nikla

Awesome

Who else is here because they wanted to watch gopros most popular video

Is crazy boys
What a shame
Came here from a mobile game commercial for extreme biking lol

the fact that in some parts of this course a simple error could kill you has got to make this so terrifying

GTA5

Istg it’s always redbull 
I nearly forgot to breahte

OP 
I am scared watching the height 

What happen whit him 
His so pro but warning do not try

I challenge you dam ha tu road per back fllim
Fuck, good...
wwwwwwoooooowwwwww full respect

This gave me goosebumps

What for heaven&#39;s sake?

Legend.
Oooo 
Abe bhai kya cycle chalata hai 

So risky
Wow is cool

Your breathing very fast

Are you Immortal anyway?
what a fearless guy, RIP you legend

Op

I will chrasched after 0.1 seconds

Rip techno balde
Was watching this in 2013, still watching this now. July 2022 ️

aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
GOAT on another level

Non-professionals please do not imitate
Gdhgdngsbnsbhexnysvh

Op in the chat

Gg

Just a slight technical error and you can still see naked chicks
what song was he humming?

wow

Those who are still watching in June 2023 They are legend

that’s cool

Putek men
Bien

Imagine if he fell down from the mountain

Ya

Nic game

grateful to the one above
respect me from Indonesia

Today June 22 2022 
Aw

Noice bro

Cycle cost

I will die 50 times in this track

They are legend

I hope you have a gopro like that, even if it's only Hero3, because when I vlog, I only use cp, so it's my dream to have a gopro
okey okey

13 June

13

I watch this in 12 June

God willing, may God protect you
NJJNNNNNnnnnnnn

OMG 
June 2022 
Scary

Be Careful

BRO WHAT THE <b>**</b> HOWWWWW?????

Me messing around at Mount Chiliad in GTA5 :

No

One  mistake. Heaven
Oh, may he rest in peace. It's a shame he's a legend
That isme

I am in 2022 may
Those who are still watching in 2022 april they are legends

I could do that in my sleep

I'm from 2022
Yes sir!!!!
That was so great

This person is about to die
Hello guys 
Nice

To im sa ihtyu I don't know
People who still watches in 2022

... and he was 2nd??

he does mountain biking in this heart pumps at very high rate and irregular heat beats may have caused him death or sudden shock while riding because there are very different tracks

v

So this is the ad?

This man Is Have A Super power

That was So Insane
“Yeah Boy&quot;- Yeah Boy
What an incredible comeback from Kelly, he's been missed by this brother! 
<a href="">0:26</a> its indian language

Impossible

op

I wonder how you set the rebound on your fork when your balls are that heavy

As per my calculations I died 7 times just by watching it.

Rip kelly
How they can do it I think they practice so much 

nice

How..
insane 
Wow ️
Have the life of nine cakes
I thought only in video games  such cyclings are possible!!! Slap me if i am wrong

<a href="">0:39</a> I’m done lol

is this real?

Best skill
i can do this easilyin downhill domination

Nice

These things are dream in India

Whos still here is 2022

Watching after 8 years

Crazy people.
This is how my grandparents went school

This was a scary ride

i remember watching the netflix special of this over and over again as a kid

i liked the video before i even watched it xDseems like ive seen this one before and liked it back then aswell. we need more like buttons in this case

And it is weak without hands.?
You don’t want to do this

WOAHHHH

Maddd respect
Is this high height if anyone falls from here he&#39;s dead

Who&#39;s watching this in 2022

What.the.date.are.you.watching. this video..!!

Wow! crazy!
Oh my god
These bikers who do these has my deepest respect.

Noob

Very good 
He was Sho Yamato in real life

Stay athome idol bakamapanoka

WOW

Damm

I would&#39;ve dead in 5 sec if I ride this 

The relationship doesn't matter
His breath is giving me asthma

What's up boy hahaha
Amazing ️
Are you human?
Those are watching in April 2022. They are legend s

You are the legend bro nice stunts and I like your stunts big fan sir ️

Rest in peace 

Cool man..

What did the gold medalist do?

I am watching on wed 27 April 

He&#39;s not human. Simple.

I'm better
They

This track was obviously designed by phychopaths

Hang si mahu ing seng kong
How crazy
The first time I watched this video I dreamed I was walking on a tightrope 
Watching it in April 2022.

The really bad one 
Those who r still watching in April 2022.They r legends

NUTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

It is death race

I done this in riders Republic (video game)

Crazy
Dangerous

After all these years, still one of the best videos. Simple first-person point of view, no crazy editing and switching between point of views, no commenting or anything. Just uninterrupted raw exhilarating footage!

What the heck was that, I never saw anything like this

He's driving, my balls are getting wet
I&#39;m not breathing for almost 2 minutes.

Those who are still watching in April 2022 are lengend

Kudos to him!   Outstanding footage.    I could never do anything like that .... I value <b>safety</b> way too much.

Super bhai

101101010101101010100

Pmoczveooldmvpimvpodyvposch
Pov : you only hear breathing

I can&#39;t believe I just did that

Is he a ghost rider!!

Those who are watching in 1st April, 2025 are legends

Patachone wait for us...
Send it champion

Those who are still watching in April 2022 are legends

Shameless, if you turn half a wheel, we will kill you
Looks scary

I am watching in April 2022

Aren’t you scared?
Legends watch 2022

insane

I'm afraid and I'm just watching
He is mad but not. Why did you stop brother, you would have stopped once you went to the grave. Someone scolded? Father doesn't do that anymore. If you break your arm and leg, you will have to beg in Bangladesh.
who from April 17, 2022?.?
I gotcwasted doing this in gta

Very beautiful

Ultra Lifestyle >It</b> <b>But</b> <b>Coud</b> <b>Not</b> <b>Accumulate</b> <b>Da</b> Curage* |
WHY?

Really the stant is outstanding in the sense that the cycler balances his position. It is really a difficult stant. But this cycler has showed his strength and power and proved that &#39; be fearless&#39; and turn an impossible task into an possible task. Carry on the good work.

are you crazy

Miss you Kelly...

This video should not be reached to his insurance giving company

This is cool and somewhat dangerous, but the fisheye lens makes it look a lot more dangerous than it really is.

2023

Fun fact: its not your first time here 

Those watching in april 2050 are legends

Wow  
Plzz take care 
Man!!! He did not give a sh*t when all those people cheered him on when he rode pass.

This thing I have only Seen in Games not ever in real lyf  Hats off this Guy -&gt;

Where’s the footage of the 3rd person view

Do they do alot of practice runs til they memorize the line? Cuz how tf did he not fall off

watching and sending support nice sharing and shout out  keep safe .
damn must take some serious guts to do this

this is the craziest bravest sport hobby job i’ve ever seen. and this includes becoming an astronaut

I used to do some crazy stuff back when I was younger on my BMX broke my Collier bone. But these guy&#39;s the stuff there doing never in a million years would I have done it it&#39;s so deadly looking ! 

 amazing
R.I.P Kelly.

Very impressive

It is looking like mount chileyard

This could be a movie
He is a superman

That&#39;s not bad but I&#39;ve done it blindfolded going backwards.

Dope

This man is good it&#39;s 20/22 though so sorry

holy shit

man your good

It's scary but wonderful.
Looks like a fish eye lens to make the drop offs seem steeper.  That&#39;s pretty much lying.

Fuck him for riding in such mountains
Gold medalist must be a GOD Rider.

Go pro - The heroes ️️ .
Hats off to u

Those who are still watching in March 2022They are legends

Hi

Ah yes, mental illness takes many forms.

I like  your  stend  wen  i  grow up   i  want  to  be  like  you  uncle

Breathtaking 
I know I’m just watching a video and I’m still scared

How is this possible

The good kind of Australian - the Kiwi.

wow j would never change this

What a talent!!

It looks like it's Br because I said hey boy
Is cycle ka price kitna hai

rip

&lt; 3 3 3

It’s like riding a bike on Mount Chiliad

 Cool
Bor bhoiyt op bhai khua stunt mujah bha
wonders of the world

What I noticed is how worn the trail was, which means that other people do this too and with some regularity. I’ve never had this level of daredevil, even as a teenager, but I’m 65 now and still alive, enjoying life.  Those who practice extreme sports seem to have a death wish and sometimes their wish comes true.

I am watching in 2023

How you can doing this????

Amazing :o
Respect.

Wich cycle you use
The biggest judging mistake in mountain biking was not awarding that run the win at rampage. RIP Kelly. Phenomenal.

ten
Nice

RIP MCGAZZA

This is how i exactly act praying for my life in gta when i slip down the mountain with my bike

Sala marna nahi ha
I&#39;ve been looking for this vedio for days, he is ... just .. super

Danger

<a href="">1:30</a> the part i can do

I would die 30 times doing this

Bro you are God gifted

what a cool video bro how old are you

Nah..in Malaysia..this is the story of &quot;My father&quot; the story of how the old days went to school..

Omg

What is the price of cycle

Wtf

Nice bro



Eeeeeeeeeeeeeettttttttttttttttttttttthhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
legend
POV: You’ve discovered how to turn on creative mode.

That didn&#39;t look very safe at all.

U brave eee
Absolute legend RIP
I like MTB a lot
Looking down, I fell and peed again :((
WTF

All I heard was heavy breathing but like he is brave and me I can’t even ride down a god damn small hill

Dad’s car is going to the Sejong Expressway now.
If this was silver medal, what did gold do?

rip

<a href="">1:08</a>The Crowd Supporters

Op bhai

Way too fun…

wow nani

Wonderful
bros playing descenders irl
lots of brs 🇧🇷
Hi there should i use this video clip on my video i am telling about gopro in my content

I just wonder, with engines and batteries weighing in just a few pounds, why should I ever be that basic?

R.(ide)I.P. legend
It's the type of dream that wakes you up when you miss a landing. . .
Humans can do anything

i m watching this video in 2022 feb if anyone watching like my comment

Perfect

If he fall down??

Imagine you are riding like this in front of your crush  ️

Tell me how he died. &quot; I&#39;LL TELL YOU HOW HE LIVED&quot;.

Imagine falling off the cliff

I thought he couldn't...
VERY CHALLENGING ROUTE, COOL

It's scary to walk in a place like this!
Awesome.
My mans ridin bike like he have got a respawn

This is unreal!

How is the quality of this video better than more modern go pros?

truly pure talent

Can somebody tell me what kind of bike he&#39;s using??

If u were me i would he in Heaven

Me

This haves more views then mebeasts squid game

Thu Thu thuuut thuuutttt thuuut thuuututut ttutuhuuuthtuu <b>yea boi</b> thuuhutu thhuuuuthuutu tuuuutthtuuhuu
Thinking to my self, Why does this guy sound so scared. Oh he is planning to play BMX on a mountain bike. Okay ya I would hit that differently as well.

I would love to try this one Day 

O

Awesome
Who would think to run something so stupid?
I am indian
I&#39;m surprised he didn&#39;t fall because the weight of his balls would have been so great

I don't have anything to do with it
Only man  never dream about falling off a cliff in sleep.

He was breathing heavily not because of the pedalling because he was nervous of the canyon jump you can see that when he was about to jump he held his breath and tought (here it goes)Then after it he breathed out a sigh of releif then the rest was adrenaline

HERO

I need a  full bucket of mountain dew to do this

&quot;Who are watching this in 2050 he is ultra legend&quot;

Imagine if he crashed into the crowd... yikes

Everybody who is watching this in 2022 is a legend

Bitch, it's fire!
&quot; yeah boy &quot;

Amazing
why tho

My man&#39;s doing it like he still has 8 lives left

Thank you for the ride

Still watching in january 2022 are legends

Long live Mexico
The guy has to know the place well to do this, any slip... F for him lol

Absolutely incredible.

Legend are seeing in 2022          
When your dad tells you how was he going to school every day

Gta v track getting off the cable car
Me

sound pretty cold

Insane.. Here I can&#39;t even walk properly and he&#39;s riding

2022 is here and you still watching this video, well your choice is gold... 

The most amazing part in this video is when the guy off camera said, &quot;rider 13.&quot; That means there&#39;s at least 12 other crazy bastards willing to ride down this mountain... legends.

Thank you for posting this on something I will NEVER do

He did not die guys he posted 2 days ago
Awesome

He is cycling and my heart is beating Faster then His Speed ! 

What I feel when I’m going down hill:

Unbelievable!!!!!!!
2022

Y

No way this guy wasn’t scared I’d pee myself 

january 2022 

Who&#39;s watching January. 2022.

Yes, bro
2022

Ace

Its amazing and very risky too

What a Chingon 
I am watching in 2022

Yes

It must be though to cycle that way with such heavy balls! 

Lived his life while cycling.. Died while cycling.. Legend

Anyone else watching this in 2022?

Wow

I got goosebumps all over my body.
Superb 
RED BULL GOOD

2 minutes of science...
His heart will beat like a drum 

omg

The guys who are watching in 2025 they are legends

That’s was dopeDude is fearless ‍️
Great stunt
Wow

Simply, wow.

Rip Kelly when I was a kid I looked up to you man

damn this is gorgeous superb

Whos hers in December 3052

And those who are still watching this video in December 2021.they are father of the legends

Good! 
&quot;PHEU dentist mist this&quot; 
Those who are watching this video in December 2021 .They are real legend

you gotta be kidding me 
Those who are still watching in December 2021. They are legends

Damn
Hi

Who watching in  December 4040Thay are legend, 37 years ago..

This guy is a wow

Feels like I am playing the game online with  accuracy

Puda brave guy
why does this feel like a wii game

Those who are still watching in December 2021. They are legends

Great

How is this even possible

Yes sir
Him: nice little hill for meMe: I can barely ride down the hill in my front yard-

Oh shit

Its very dangerous omg

Rip.

I was shivering during his ride.

He was driving, and I shit my pants......
This dude ain&#39;t minding that he&#39;s riding for he&#39;s life

Legend are watching in vr

those who are still watching in December 2021. They are legends

TELIO T-E-L-I-O
Nice bro 
i stopped breathing when ever there is a back flip !!

How ylur parents went to school:

Wow I cannot believe this the dude can do so many tricks I think he should get alot of subscribers

I’m watching this on the 28th of November 2021

Nice POV!

Great 
Watching on 27 November

They house and  Faders

This guy thought it was minecraft

F

How did he control his bike regardless of his huge steel balls

Your heart beat is like 110 per minute

Lived, fool?
Damn , here we die once but looking at time seems he dies infinite times . Just an incredible cyclists

very cool

Agri is channel ne monetize nahi kya hoga to
He is alian
This is how my grandpa went to school

E louco

Why is he acting ugugug
Wow

This is a mantoge
Omg I’m all about action and adventure but this is crazy!

So kick buttowski is real

How much do you want to die?
Namma ooru Eating challenge
No words about this mind blowing stunts  

OMG 
Nice ️... Bro tell us about your bike...
I thought there was a shortcut, good thing it&#39;s not me on that bike or else... 

It's fun brother........,
Both of they,,,,,,that man and his bicycle are very strong,,,,,, fearless,,️️

Curse his name, how does he have the strength, does he have a heart?
So, this is how our parents used to go to school

ıts crazy
I panicked when I saw it
POV: When u wanted to die but I didn&#39;t

Good..
This is what you call &quot; Mountain Legends &quot;

So beautiful 
What for a bike you&#39;re ride?

Oh man very scary!

That&#39;s f*cking insanity of a move right here and there. Holy bozozo. 

My ego and anxiety would skyrocket

If this is a silver medal run, you gotta wonder what the gold medal run was. Incredible control

Is sisma

I felt like I was at the edge of death watching this, lol.

To ride like that you need a lot of experience and spirit, handsome bro
My bicycle will be on my shoulders on these downhill tracks.Marvellous.

Bro! Your are the amazing rider

That&#39;s the impressive and most dangerous balancing that&#39;s so afraidful

Impossible stunt 
Great talent
I am here t2svg$2q

Am cannot imajine vow

Literally had goosebumps 

I can never this statunt 

The go pro make it to dangerous 

So, all I need is a GoPro and I can do all of this. Right ?

what a pro it is in bisi
super

THOSE WHO ARE STILL WATCHING IN NOVEMBER 2021 .THEY ARE LEGENDS

Tevon
Really I can&#39;t believe am very fear great job God bless you

My siblings:- this is the road I used to go to toilet

this is nothing compared to how m parents got to school

Legend see in 2021 

This one likes Adrenaline, see?
Aaj iss ka last day tha

Bro, happy fall and good luck falling
Oh my kidneys...This 1 is very risky...

Wowwwww

This guy would come down from the top of Everest like a normal day from school.

 ponno institution‍️
This is just incredible.. Never ever saw something like this in my life. ... Such superhuman control... Mind blowing

Lol very good

Madness.

Very very enjoyable video this is

Being in 2021 and they have came out with the hero 10 which has beautiful quality the hero 3 does some good shots and good quality is surprising

99

Odd,

2022

Nice bro

Good

I have to speak like a fool
Man time and time!!! 

I can imagine how it would have felt getting the bike atop

Legends are watching in 2021 Op

I sincerely offer my Salute to your audacity.

Very Very Nice Videos ️
hi

gta5 players be like

This is the route to burning man.

Riders Republic

Hello from Russia. Tyumen region. Isetsky district
Op bolte bhai
Legends are watching this in winter 2021

I want to do this where is the location ?

Or somewhere
Hey brother I am feeling dizzy.
When i see the thumbnail i was dead

Feels like riders rebuilds in real life

It blew my ass! Too strong. Congratulations !!!
man you're cool
My palms are sweaty just watching this

I will die watching this for the second time

Waw very nice

Hi

Kattu Killadi
Oh life
No doubt the track is very difficult..but it seems harder to the observers due to the camera which is fixed on the helmet of the rider....

Is this real

Crazy, crazy idol, bro
1:1 omg

this could never be better than this....god bless you

Me: Have you tried this before, grandpa?Grandpa: This is no match to the road we used.

Outstanding yarr
Immense 
So scary

This is like a recurring nightmare I&#39;ve had

I have done this thing in gta games... but this is insane...

M

O my god..... Bravo.... 
Imagin if he fell down from that place️

Russia
Indo people close together
Jago

Girls: why do u live longer than boys Boys:

I think I died at least once watching this I have a fear of falling so this is a horror movie for me but it was amazing.

Bro dont take this types  of  risk your mom and dad waiting for u at home

Legends are watching after 8 years ag

Legends are watching after 8 years ago

imagine he fell

Now thats what we call [&gt;] Where there is will there is way-----:

Wow,,,,,

His control over bicycle is million times more than our lives

Life is precious 
That&#39;s amazing 
Is it cold out there bro you are sounding like you are feeling cold

Whatever you have done, we will also do it.
I can&#39;t ride a cycle on a clear road but he&#39;s riding a cycle in a mountain

Nice
Nice
Who all got this vid recommended from YT

Wow

The skills are above average, good job
Impossible task!
I  can

Riders republic irl

You see my G fat gayi yaar
That's great, friend
Well

What he a human?

So I made the wrong move and died immediately
Well done, you are the bottom of the man
Don&#39;t dislike this type of heroes

Leagends are watching after 8 year ago

Got around 40 heart attacks in these 2 mins

For me this is two minutes of hell))))) Handsome!!!! Respect and Respect!!!
This is crazy lol
Invest in RAN on the ASX. 99% down bargain!!

Very good cycling

this is the epitome of a man carrying death in his pocket while having 1000kg steel balls to fool deathps- to be honest i won&#39;t go there to even for  take a walk forget about cycling in this lifetime.i have only one mere life

OMG 
This is so dangerous stunt 

Ooooooooooooooomg

How its possibly

I thaught all this can be done only in video games....!!! ️️️

Watch it on 1080p! It&#39;s 3d!!

Amazing
I’m stoned is that real?

That&#39;s impossible 
I’m really proud of you ️️
Miramar

And how many of them didn’t make it?
Help to 1k sb

m͚e͚u͚ godssss
No start

I will do it if i get certificate of undeadable man...

I'm lost, help me
Whoever doesn't follow me is like your mother. Please. 
hear a question that feels
Going the wrong way is a different story
die jaiba, save me quickly, ride your bicycle, forget jaiba
He's the one cycling, I'm the one who's nervous, bro
This guy legit died of a heart attack while doing this, back in 2016.Really entertaining to watch, but a really stupid way to go. LolWell I hope the pay was great lol

I LIKE BYCYCLE

D

B

A

Real kick batoski

You can hear his heavy breathing 

Nice

Indonesia Alone
He should be in Zach king s vedio always doing the unexpected

Hand per tut jaenge
I will tremble when I eat it.
What can go wrong? :)

Incredible!

Wao. ...I was amazed

If any of our telugu people are watching this video please give a like...
unbelievable extraordinary mind blowing , how can any one think like this

I HAVE TO get home because I'm shitting myself
If you are watching in October 31 2021..I pray that God preserve and enrich you

Up we go
Legend
Super bro great  power of you hardwork to do these thing

It&#39;s too horrible 
How many people are watching this on October 31st 2064?

Downhill ??

OH NO..I FEEL DIZZY, IF I WERE THE CAMERA THEN I WOULD THROW UP
those who are watching thes vedio these is for your entertaiment please do not try these stunt at anywhere. they are professional... 

Wtffffff

Anyone watching in 2021

Is anyone else wondering what song he’s humming??

The song old town road would fit well in this 

2021

ADVANTAGE

wow
And then theres me, falling over little rocks

ksjdo who mmqpr bfpt knvrpq indpe jbcpeif 
Why do you want to do something so scary? Let's sit under the kotatsu at home and eat some mandarin oranges
Putting Mickey button

aku merinding

Awesome 
The persons who are watching in  2021 are ultra legends

Those who are still watching this on November 2021 they are legends

I watch this on 2021 November

Can any send a Link of SPECTATOR view !!

€After 8 years it&#39;s showing in recommendations 

Geloooo. Someone riding a bicycle is dating us
sedikit amat

Remind me of downhill domination

<a href="">1:09</a> sheesh

Is this was an ad?

<a href="">#teamsea</a>

<a href="">#teamseas</a>

V good job
Are u still alive?
The guy who is driving this is a master

When you reach the finish, don't forget to bump into the audience and the cameraman
My reaction ...OMG i  stop brething .

My hands are sweating..while watching this

2021

Super duper impossible task made possible
I was scared just to see this. How did he rode the the bicycle 

Please help me with my acc, boss
I am watching in 2021 October 28 I am legend 
This person will break all of his bones

Wow

Respect brother respect

it's a game
One wrong turn gone enerything

GTA in real life.

Are you a Korean YouTuber?
And yes from you
I can&#39;t believe it...I just shocked....

You!! Scared
*

OP

Kontol bang

Video should be aptly titled &quot;Life of a start-up founder&quot;

Didn&#39;t know I&#39;m a legend

Wow, God willing, it made us dizzy when I saw the video
Who are watching this in October 2025

World record

Your butt would be hurting soo bad

If you fell down,you will meet (~_^)

Ngeri ngeri sedap

I think 99.9 percent people were stuntman..

Hii

Good

<a href="">#We</a> are legends I watch this video in 2021

Legend watching in 2021

wow good Bro

Omg

Seeing me after 8 years. But you broke it Love from KERALA, INDIA
Imagine falling down that hill

Nice

Nyc

Insanity overwhelmed....from the environment...

Wow so very nice

You will survive brother!
I feel your hard work bro
Howwww 
He was injured
Omg

Hh

Lalsa

Waw

Unbelievable
Amazing balance bro

luisLuiscorloscorlimhosdossomtosBritosriBeirostiamaesdogugugugubebelzaemtiastiamisquecemdoacimoranaoestemumaescarretiliasdepipasfastempetobelezazikastenhosumasxequedetrahlosdecarpidasdirespiitosacimorastatinhlas
If I do this, greetings will be said in the first 4 seconds.
5

Always i like u 
good
Fear less man 
Super

Brother, by beating me like this, I will feel like a king 
Impossible cyale movements
Any one from kerala

b npkyuchhy
amount
WHO IS STILL WATCHING THIS FROM 3013 AND 2021
Realy great 
