Outstanding Background score
Every frame is like Painting ️
One of the Best trailers in World Class Cinema of all time ever!!!

NOW AL STYLE AGAIN AFTER AGAIN AFTER AGAIN TILL END IN INDIA AND BRITISH-USA.FORGET FUSSIA.

This is Indian version of Masada battle!

NO UNCLE QUESTION,ONLY SOME WORSE.

JI UNCLE,HAI UNTIES.

The background music is the best only ahead of Meghna&#39;s entry theme in Jaane tu ya jaane na 

The one who sings the songs of Mughals is a jerk.
History was different from this movie. Alauddin khilji never met with Ratan singh. Some other king fought with ratan singh and both died. While khilji was on the way to see Padmavati but Padmavati and other womens were already sati.

is this the fight between the muslims and hindus?

BGM ️
It&#39;s been 6 years ... still one of the best trailer cut off entire cinema ️

They used HALO game theme music in background. 

JAGN KA EK HI USUL HOTA HAI JIT OR NAM.

Val lagche vai,last er part ta.specially.
THERE WAS NEVER MEANT A BANGLADESH,IF NOT THIS MOVIE TO US.

Sanjay Leela Bhansali is Better than SS Rajamouli Yakkeen Karoo

Deepika tu mamuli hai
Ranveer performance 
The best historical movie ever made by Indian cinema

Mother's day gave me this Rajput's
Alauddin khiljii
Just finished it. Wow, what a blast!

The trailer, the movie is a whole vibeNo one can create historic dramas like SLB.He he makes a comeback soon

The mughtiness and stremgth of India before the english came and messed it up.  The english were the savages and the barbarians not the indians.

Happy Birthday Deepika

Last dialogue sabse ghatiya

Fighter official trailer fast plz

the music is amazing

Ranveer singh bestest of bestest acting in any role 

The trailer itself gives goosebumps without any dialogues

How many are still obsessed with Rani Sa BGM and movie padmavat climax 

Can&#39;t believe that India still has such stupids and brainless people who opposed this movie&#39;s release !!!!!

Jai bhawani jai rajputana
The background music is just amazing, mind-blowing, and goosebumps giving music

Masterpiece movie in the history of Indian cinema

Who is came here to watch this trailer again in dec 2023

I always tell people. If you need to watch only ONE Bollywood movie - it&#39;s Padmavaat. I&#39;ve watched probably 10 times by now but I cry every time.

This is a super movie i wached in cinemas can you please upload padmaavati movie again in cinemas in south africa Johannesburg in monte casino to watch that movie again please

This is called  TRAILER OF THE CENTURY !

In history &#39; the sultan of Delhi alauddin khilji &#39; came to conquer chittor and to marriage with &#39; rani           padmaavati &#39; but she is already a wife of the great &#39; rana rawal ratan singh &#39;  but in ad 1303 &#39; alauddin khilji &#39; seized  chittor but the great &#39; rana rawal ratan singh &#39; fight heroically with &#39; alauddin khilji &#39; but he was deafeated and killed in the war. 

Not yet
Padmaavat is best periodic movie ever made in india.
I&#39;m still watching many time

I am ksahtriya. This song gives goosebump.

It&#39;s been 6 years .. I remember watching it in 3D for the first time and got mesmerized by the flim. The BGM still lives rent free in my head !

trailer with just 2 dialogues

Ranveer&#39;s role is unbeatable

Who is my name? Still in the seawoods after watching this movie in the theatre.
Still the greatest movie trailer of all time

What a wonderful atmosphere will be created in this party with Lord Bobby
<a href="">00:56</a> &amp; <a href="">1:53</a> THE MUSIC 
Nice trailer

Jai Rajputana
Shahid is the best 

Jai Rajputana 
Who awakened the mother Padmavati…Muslim ️️ The queen immediately ran away with the blossomed balm and said that she would meet on the journey to Delhi.
Great movie

Yo Yo honey singh ️ name hi kafi hai 
It&#39;s not just movie, its our precious history nd i m from rajsthaanJay maa padmavati Yes , kuch things change kr ke dikhai hai is film me, or jo real history hai wo to hum mewad valo ko hi pata hai  bt i appreciate director ki unhone humari queen padmavati ki disrespect nahi ki

JAI RAJPUTANA 
Best trailer of Indian cinema 

ONLY SANJAY LEELA BHANSALI CAN MAKE SUCH A MASTERPIECE.

Thanks to Sanjay lele sir first movie in on indian history

Dhak dhak official trailer fast plz

Proud to be Rajput 

Maloon can eat empty cow's mouth and make movies with funny stories
Bhagwa is the color of my tatti…mainly whenever I feel like it, Bhagwa takes out the tatti.
Ranveer singh chilling performance... would like to see him again in similar role....

Rajput  
So proud of being a rajput jai bhawani

Imagine Shahid role SSR ko milta
Even after 5 years this teaser gives me goosebumps, one of the best teaser ever created by the master storyteller SLB

<a href="">1:12</a>

Still giving goosebumps in 2023

Someone send me a link pls I want to watch

I remember the scandals surrounding this movie. From &quot;historical accuracies&quot; to the plot, to the violence incitement towards SLB and Deepika P... my goodness. I&#39;d be so sad if this movie wasn&#39;t released. It has its flaws but it is magnificent and powerful in messaging. It was such an experience in the theaters.

I have realised that I’ve never watched a trailer of any movie until 2019 and I am 20 years old  i used to just go and watch the movie directly in the theatre. I love this movie and after watching it for 4-5 times, i have now come to watch the trailer.

Who came watch the trailer after so many years

One of the best trailers cut 

Es movie ka trailer Aaj bhi dekh ker goosebumps feel hote hai, this was the real creation..

Shahid sir amazing Role Raja Ratan
5 years later and I still get goosebumps

I love the scene When khilji laughing 

<a href="">2:28</a> binte dil cues <a href="">0:34</a>
Stillwater getting goosebumps after watching this 

Jai Rajputana 
THANKYOU..

Padmavat and bajirao mastani two one of best movie of our time

It's so great how holy she is to keep her chastity for her husband
Full of blunders  and fake as expected . Bollywood 

Ranveer Singh deserved a national award for this movie

Best movie Appreciation 
A maniac cannot have such huge achievements . A great military general before he became the king . Shame on Bollywood for portraying allauddin like this .

What a perfect trailer...visuals music ..spot on..flawless.

After adipurush movie watching my respect increase patmavati movie

Rajput️
He brought the Mughals into the country, He got the daughter's ass beaten by the Mughals, He put the poor woman's ass on the Mughals' sword, Even if the poor woman's ass is beaten, she still earns money. This is history, India speaks of patriotism and not showing false pride.
This movie trailer is better than whole Adipurush movie ..

Here after Aadipursh. Just imagine if instead of Om Raut, Sanjay Leela Bhansali created Ramayan. How phenomenal it would be.

Any random shot of this movie is far better than entire Adipurush movie.

Rocky aur rani kii prem kahani official trailer fast plz

Who is here only for background music

Who came here after Adipurush

<a href="">1:53</a> goosebumps

That&#39;s how you make a periodic films.... the characters should justify the the need of the story....

Spanish sub?
Allaudin should&#39;ve just watched the Padmaavat movie We got to see the Rani 

Movies can&#39;t alter History...

Ranbir Singh best acting Khilji

Ohh!Pure Sanjay Leela Bhansali film️, only problem was chosing Shahid for doing the character of Rajput king,miscast

Can&#39;t explain, how perfect this trailer is !

Alauddin Khilji the great D mangon ke chhakke chhudaane wale Alauddin Khilji

this what i called a &quot;EPIC&quot;

I am back only for bgm... Wow

If there is any man in the world who is of different religion, who is Rajput or Sikh?
The entry of Sultan Alauddin is out of the world. Just Deadly and Killer!!!! That is how a warrior King should look. Ferocious in battlefield. Ranveer  and the makeup artist have just nailed it. Amazing background score. great Trailer but average movie.

Show me a better trailer than this i will waitSLB the magician

Khil Mere Low me 

Ranveer singh ne next level acting ki h &quot;padmaavat &#39;&quot;movie me no one can beat him in this role extremely blockbuster 
Every scene of this movie was epic and also there were a lot of twists in the story...just loved the movie alot

allauddin khawlgi is indian hero
Shahid Kapoor will be fire <a href="">0:56</a>

Beautiful movie

Alauddin khilji is on fire 

Still doesn&#39;t found this kind of trailer

The goosebumps at <a href="">1:45</a>

ISLAM a curse to humanity.!!

This was released on my 14th birthday and almost 5 and half years i am still in love with this trailer

I didn&#39;t watch this movie yet. But I know the story. This Khilji bilji was nothing infront of King Prithu of Assam. Came with 10,000 soldiers and escaped only by himself. Tatti nikal gayi saley ki

Sanjay leela  bhansali destroyed the history  Aluddin killejeee was an amazing  administrator and in this movie  ohhh dear  totally bloody disaster he truly don&#39;t know how to make historical movie&#39;s 

Can someone suggest some movies related to &quot;Padmavat&quot;

Certainly the best trailer ever made in Bollywood

a trailer more than 3 minutes with only 2 dialouges with and extremely mesmeriging bgmonly with scenes and still goosebumpsthat&#39;s the power of sanjay leela bhanshali

0$*-1₹=?1$,£*%€^[.]
What a caste discrimination in this movie.   Rajput is also hindu.Then  Say hindu not rajput.

The best work of Ranveer Singh till date.

Goosebumps 
Insane.....no words to express the feelingsAnd the best background sound️️️️️
Background music is very super

Oh my godddd it raise my temperature to peaks goosebumps all over trailer
I wish they make a certain film which shows the pain more .

It also deserves recognition sameas RRR️
I feel glad m the part of the land of mewar rajasthan

this movie deserved similar amount of recognition as RRR didsuch a strong movie in tecnical side too the cinematography, score, songs, acting, editing everything Sanjay leela Bhansali nailed it

Starting bg music is superb

Lakin at the last ranveer ne deepika sa hi shadi kari na 

This was bollywood at it&#39;s peak.

Namstte

Namstte

Please re-release this on theatres once again... whole movie iz a beautiful painting 

Rajasthan ️️️️️🇮🇳
Only Sanjay Leela Bhansali sir can direct such historical films properly in india 
Jai ho Maa padmavati

Indian myths that no one believes
Fake story , big lie, the producer made the story from his dreams

Kya hum haar gye --nhi <b>To fir aap yaha kar rhi hai hai</b> That particular scene and shahid's acting was commendable.
Jai Bhavani
I m here only for bgm listen and ear phone using 

<a href="">1:55</a> &amp; <a href="">2:02</a> What moments!Cinematic brillianceThese 2 &amp; Sultan banne k Liye gardan aurr iraade dono mazboot hone chahiyeMy most favorite moments from the film

No one can beat padmavat movie and also ranveer and deepika&#39;s acting

An Absolute Masterpiece! 
Youtube is recommending me this video on 7th Feb 2022

I am from Gujarat surat and at that time theatre nt ready to play this movie .. And I went mumbai andheri west pvr and watch this tale and worthy experience

<a href="">0:40</a> music best

The director made Ranveer a drug.
It&#39;s 2023. Been five years since it&#39;s release and still, the bgm gives me goosebumps 

Most watched trailer in my life ....may be more than a thousand times...

Released during my college first year ....but after five years...still this trailer gives me goosebumps..!!

10 6?

This movie is a feast for the soul. So visually captivating and hauntingly beautiful! I loved it. :)

After watching so much Hollywood garbage I needed a bath for my brain. Glad I chose this masterpiece of a movie. I was completely transfixed from start to finish. Like watching art and poetry at the same time. So beautiful. The scenery and the people, were all mesmerizing.

Bache Khilji ko dekh k dre ge..no dialogue but goosebumps Ranveer didn't feel like it️️
One of the classics of Sanjay leela bhansali

Jai maa Padmini 
Only one dialogue in whole trailer. And then a bgm came and it gave us goosbumbs

Legends watching in 2023️
Shahid kapoor's suit was much heavier than the character in the entire film and it looked as if he was just speaking dialogues forcefully. His better acting was better than Gora and Badal's condition.
Jai Bhavani, Jai Rajputana
Sanjay Leela Bhansali is an iconic director.This film is a master piece.

Indians have lots of historical monuments they can make one ATBB every year but they will not because of their politics and intolerance

Why this kind of genre movies are banned in indiaIndians really need to make historical big set movies again not like prithviraj

When eyes speaks louder than words

Jai bhawani goosebumps 
The myths of the infidel Indians continue
Knit Kangan
legendary movie man
2023 ... goosebumps !!

After pathaan controversy
total masterpeice
I love rajputi culture ️
Good

searched it again

Iss poor trailer Main Sirf 2 he dialogue hain 
J̤a̤n̤ṳa̤r̤y̤ 2023 p̤r̤e̤s̤e̤n̤t̤
Rajput 
The very best of Ranveer Singh. ️

After seeing the controversy of Pathaan, Padmavat was remembered. I hope that during the time of Padmavat, the people who made the film a hit by making the film a hit to the hateful minds will use the same trend to make Pathaan a hit by making the film a hit to the hateful minds. good manners
Extra ordinary music by Sanjay Leela Bhansali
Take a bow Sanjay Leela Bhansali   the finest at the art of direction Dude, this movie is art. The way he directed some shorts literally showed the epicness of Rajput&#39;s Today, I saw this movie for the first time. I know I am late, but u know it&#39;s never too late️Now i can clearly say,No one can make such epic periodic dramas other than the great Sanjay Leela BhansaliAgree or die

Shahid Kapoor's heart is not seen in the entire movie, as much as he is in the trailer
<a href="">0:58</a> Ranveer&#39;s deadly Entry...
Very beautiful story and movie watch twice 

Sanjay Leela Bhansali
Rajput️‍️
Why was this movie boycotted by some groups in India?

What a movie it was...and the acting is top knoch

Rajput.
Alauddin Khilji Gandu
Masterpiece

The soundtrack 

Iski to Nahin ho raha hai

Jama nhi shakti
Indian cinema at its best again before they called themselves Bollywood and made disgusting/ridiculous films. They don&#39;t need to copy anybody. They are superb by themselves.

Whenever I watch the trailer of this movie…history comes in front of me…and my blood boils after listening to the BGM…really the history of India…and the injustice of the Mughals…not tolerable…being a Kshatriya, this is not a film for me. …History is…reality which people see only from the point of view of entertainment…Har Har Mahadev Jai Jai Rajasthan Jai Matrubhoomi Jai Bharat 🇮🇳
Alauddin khilji ️
SANJAY LEELA BHANSALI JAISA NO NAHI SANJAY SIR IS A LEGENDRY DIRECTOR
Yrr Rajput is happy in today's door.
Only and only goosebumps 

Oh maan,this was soo goodI still remember when We went to watch this movie with my English friend.He was completely stunned,though he needed some help as subtitle doesn’t help a lot in these visual spectacle but He came out of theater with a wow!Ranveer oh Ranveer,he killed it,those villain vibes and smoke filed expressions,just loved it️

The best movie ever ️️
I&#39;m in love with this trailer. Not only made want to watch the movie but also learn more about the cultures and their history

Ranveer Singh Nailed it 

Bgm amazing 
The Trailer described me the Hindutva 

This trailer, especially the music, gives me goosebumps even after 5 years

I gotta say, it does look like Tanishq&#39;s jewellery ads I can&#39;t unsee it 

Years have passed, but this trailer still remains powerful!

I wish Aadipurush also did this much.
If you have roll of a king give it to shahid️

That bastard who made the Mughals his own son, that bastard who enslaved the British 
Propaganda film
Background music + khilji character, best of ranveer

Came here to clean my eyes after watching Adipurush

Sanjay Leela Bhansali is the one who can take the direction of Raja Mouli.
<a href="">1:15</a> best dialogue jay veer vachhraj 
this trailer didn&#39;t even need any dialogue 

𝙢𝙖𝙨𝙩𝙚𝙧 𝙥𝙞𝙚𝙘𝙚
Never forgot that first premiere show I watched in my life is Padmavat ! 24-Jan-2018

Ranveer Singh  is another level ️

what if Bhansali and rajamouli unite together for one single project

Still gives me goosebumps. Great cinematography, great music, the way shahid portrays Maharawal Ratan singh, fabulous.A masterpiece

Kon kon Manta hai adhipurush sirf rajamouli and bhansali sir hi  bana sakte the

Sanjay sir waiting for Tansen and Heeramandi 
Better than adhipurush

It&#39;s been 4-5 years today but still I can see ppl commenting under a film&#39;s trailer! This is the level of acting, music, background score and story telling. This trailer is better than many many period dramas combined together! Just look at those lavish sets and setting of the scenes! Incredible! Ranveer, Shahid and Deepika just lived and nailed their respective roles! Beyond words! Hats off to the entire Padmavat team and specially SLB ️

Ye theme, actors and director ne ADI PURUSH banaya hota toh kya film banti. Usme sab joker dikh rahe hai. Prabhas,Saif sab. And vfz toh sabse Ganda Bollywood ka abhi tak ka 

After seeing the teaser of Aadi Purush, it felt like a joke that people have made Ravana a joker, just think about it, Padmavat, this is the story of Ram Sita and Khilji RAVAN bhai, what a film he made. Padmavat's story is crazy but what hinders the acting and picturisation and Adi Purush's story is ️ and the acting VFX direction is garbage.
Great film, ️, Sanjay Leela Bansali Best in Hindi Cinema ️
Adipursh se bhe best trailer

Best Trailer ever 2022 October ever seen
Love this music

20,0000 satan(wrath)
<a href="">2:01</a> and <a href="">2:06</a> goosebumps

In 2022 I am watching this trailer after found movie in Amazon prime ..background music and acting .

Anyone after bluesattai maran PS1 review
Goosebumps even after 4 years

Art direction in bhansali sir&#39;s movie are the best in the world. I have so seen so much hollywood movies, but in non I have seen this level of Art direction. The colors, the clothes,everything, simply outstanding.

It&#39;s been 4 years and yet i still come back to this

I became the Biggest fan of Deepika after watching this movie (I watched this movie     75 times)

I have studied history in yales and on other places and in this movie. Aludin had been seen so brutal. But he wasn&#39;t in reality

Hindu tan man Hindu jeevan Rag rag Hindu Mera parichay 
A complete masterpiece 
I&#39;m still watching in 2022 and getting goosbumpes 

this movie is incomplete without Ranveer Singh. once in a lifetime performance

Alauddin Khilji was a great king .But here in this movie he &#39;s described as a lunatic and aggresive king , that&#39;s not fare !

It&#39;s been half a decade since, but my gosh, the trailer still gives me goosebumps. When it comes to period drama, no one even comes close to Bhansali in Indian cinema today.

This movie creator is the dumbest person I have ever seen. Bloody bastard presented Alauddin Khilji as a negative character. Didn&#39;t you read the history before making this shit? Alauddin khiji was greatest warrior on his time . He never had any interest on that bullshit padmavat. Nonsense illiterate people r making joke india in front of the world.

better than PS1

Bhansali excell in visuals cinematography music art direction very well.

Make a movie on Veer Maharana pratap ji
Ultimately khilji got Padmavati....but king died ...LOL.
Agar Bhanghr Fort Par Film Banegi Toh SLB Sir Ko Hee Music And Direction Dena Chahiye It Will Be Most Most Most Historical Epic Periodic Horror Film Banegi Toh.And If Bhansali Aur SS Rajmauli Ek Saath Aaye Toh Box Office  
This is exactly what a trailer should be, unlike other movies

That background score 
Background scenes ,bgm and ranveer singh acting  

Very epic movie

The only character of Ranveer Singh I appreciate the most......he killed it ....just killed it

Jai Rajputana
This movie is getting 5 yrs old!

I am from Tamil nadu . Today I have watch this patmaavat movie it&#39;s really awesome didn&#39;t miss this movie guys.I really likes ranveer singh  acting in this movie

Any telegram link for the movie ??

Cgi and vfx is crap
Despite so much controversies on this movie at that time. This movie was well received by audiences and this movie managed to do well at the Box office.

India k pass bauth si rania thi ,jo aapni kyi baato se mashoor thi par padmavati alag hi thi, I got goosebumps while seeing trailer and last scene in movie .     India have such a great history. I love this movie and add my favourite movies list, beacuse very few indian movies are my favourite . Hats off to PADMAVAT movie.

Best Indian movie ever
Jai Bhavani
peak days of bollywood..

Jisko dekhne ke liye iss movie main Allauddin Khilji(Ranveer Singh) tadap raha tha woh ab uska wife ban gaya hai 

Best movie trailer ever.
If padmaavati&#39;s role is played by kangana then this film is look like another level

Ranveer asked why he is so bad...very bad 
Jailer Pudukottai VC Cinemas
Appreciated trailer

What trailer is that?
A trailer where Ranveer Singh gave a vulgar smile for 2 seconds at 2.15, hence we came to know this will be a masterpiece, and rest we can see is history, hats off man

Best trailer of world

Prithvi Raj Chouhan project should have been given to Sanjay sir....he is one of the finest director industry have

Ranveer is marvelous in this! Shahid was just like a supporting actor with Deepika and Ranveer. He could have done better, or they could have cast someone else to match Khilji&#39;s charisma

That&#39;s why women shouldn&#39;t rule.. her decision to exile the enemy not only destroyed the kingdom but also caused early death of her husband and many men and women. That&#39;s why women shouldn&#39;t interfere in men&#39;s building.

Rawal Ratan Singh ️
Could someone write down what Deepika says at <a href="">2:48</a> onwards ?

After all, why do these Rajputs gain so much glory, these Mughal Sanghs are trying to suppress the history by making films today? This Rajput was also a king, he used his life only for his wife, what would he have known about Mughals and Rajputs in 1500 we are going to have children together
this movie gives me the feeling of womanhood. Dignity is higher than life...

original music of this trailer : go check main ost of &quot;Blood Simple&quot;

One of my favorites 

Movie mai best acting Ranbir singh and sahid kapoor

Awsome movie

It makes me cry:)))

Whenever I see Padmavat, I feel fresh..Prithviraj Chauhan hugs me 
Just finished Prithviraj on prime and switched to the greatest movie of bhansali for refreshment. Every scene, bgm, songs, character, dialogue delivery is miles ahead than the bogus prithviraj movie. No one can match the accuracy and perfection of bhansali in historical movies. Even the great hindu emperor can&#39;t praise this wasted prithviraj. 300crore wasted by Dr dwivedi. Had it been made by bhansali, and acted by the suited characters, this would have broken all records. Kudos to bhansali for refreshment. Especially the bgm gives goosebumps. Akshay sir, please this is not your cup of tea, you should carry on in social+entertainment genre. In the last, ऐसी movies सिर्फ भंसाली जी को ही सुशोभित करती है।

allahudin khilji great
Costumes and sets were better but samrat prithviraj showed true history but in padmavaat they showed alauddin stronger than rajputs and focused more on alauddin than Rani padmini

When i look back to our history, i saw this 

They only show muslims are bad, Alaudin was great leader but these always try show muslims are bad, Don&#39;t forget he is the father of Jalal-ud-din Khalji who saved india from mongols

Shahid Kapoor Deepika Padukone️️️
After seeing that trailer I am thinking where is that old bollywood lost

This was a beautiful film. It has the essence of an epic.

Only Rajputs

Fighting without your head, sacrificing your life for pride, paying the ultimate price for self respect, this is kshatriya dharm and this is what a kshatriya woman &quot;chhatrani&quot; do to save her pride

After seeing the trailer so many times, finally I have decided to watch the film. And I realize that, it’s a worst film ever made by Bansali. The visual effects, casting, plot all makes me so disappointed. I was the biggest follower of Bansali since &quot;Ham dil de chuke Sanam&quot;

* Like * &lt;3 Deepika &lt;3

Ranveer is legend
This movie will rule your heart.
Bajirao Mastani - OK trailer - Great moviePadmavat - Great trailer - OK movie Both movies - Excellent songs

Bhansali needs to be worried about his future , since India’s future can’t be allowed to be shown as any fictional or any dramatic game .

Came back here in June 2022. Still getting the same vibes, chills &amp; goosebumps.

Elite level bgm 
allauddin khilji
Ranveer. Nailed it!!

Akshay Kumar&#39;s acting in samrat Prathviraj movie  is not even near to the Shahid Kapoor&#39;s performance in padmavat as a great Hindu Rajput Ruler.️Akshay lost a great opportunity..He can do way batter than he actually did if he worked hard and took some time..

He was such a doofus though - all stuck on &quot;purity&quot; and morals or something where what was really needed was cunning, strategy and force to outwit and fight the invaders.  The rajput leader just fed himself and his people to the slaughter.  He was the leader of his people and he thinks war is played &quot;honorably&quot;.  Fatal and irresponsible naivete, ego and false pride. I&#39;ll meet you in battle - just as soon as my pure wife hand sews jewels into my turban next to our sun dappled fountain.  Oh, I&#39;ve got to be perfumed too.  Okay, now I will parade out with my royal battalion where we will be a model to the world of good hygiene, tailoring and manners.Oops. I&#39;ve been captured and now me and my entire people will all be conquered and die....&quot;a Rajput&#39;s bangle has the same strength as a Rajput&#39;s sword&quot;. Yup. Pretty much.  Make sure you go into war with all the right bangles! 

Best historical movie from India by far Just because of its music and It really gives the atmosphere of that time

Here after watching prithviraj got little disappointed but now I&#39;m feeling good

Khilji's face changed or today Parthvi Raj's situation has deteriorated.
All director who create historical drama... Should learn the tectic from SLB... Boss is always boss..  Hats of SLB

The Last Great Historical Movie made by Indian Cinema  
Khilji did not get Padmaavati but Ranveer got Deepika.
This trailer gives me goosebumps and pumps me up 

MY GOD !! this is just perfect . i can watch this trailer infinite time . everything is so so perfect . sanjay leela bhansali is god director in period drama movies in entire india

I came here after seeing the grower.
I  love this movie what a masterpiece

new movie from Prathviraj
after watching today samrat prithviraj please isss movie ko dobara release kro  shahid rajput character is much better than whole movie samrat prithviraj

Probably one of the best movie of the decade

this trailer was better than the whole “Samrat Prithviraj”film.

It&#39;s been 4 years. I watch this trailer quite often. Music, dialogue, pride, so fineee

I came here after watching Prithviraj trailer and this  is still 10 times better 

After prithviraj I understand that shahid had done 1000% better than Akshay kumar

Sir prithviraj maharaj p movie apko bnani chahiye the inhone to tatti bna di

But Samrat is being released wrongly with Prithviraj. This is a wrong thing. For the first time any Hindu or original Indian emperor has banned such a big movie. There is support for us to make this film. Army movie is also a hit for everyone. But its release date is wrong.
i like the movie trailer music.

Background music
Movie see me
I am a student and I am studying about allauddin khilji now but when I have seen padmavaat I felt it easy to study

please upload this movie in 3d format

People in future how Shahid was actually the underdog in the movie .. a performance filled with Silence yet so Powerful .. yes Ranveer was Brilliant .. Yes he had the best role in the movie .. But Shahid left his presence in the best way he could

Just a trailer, but so much power!!!!

I just love this trailer and watch it again and again background music is absolutely top notch it just elevates your energy makes you feel better

this is where one chooses the best actors n movies become a succ

<a href="">1:48</a> Ranveer’s  expression better than Akshey kumar whole prithviraj movie

<a href="">1:52</a> Just that expression is too much of acting

what a masterpiece of a trailer

Wt yrrr wt wt is reality wt they show

I watch this trailer everytime jus to have goosebumps when ranveer evil laughs

came here to watch trailer after watching prithviraj chauhan trailer.....every actor involved in padmavati, Bajirao Mastani, manikarnika are superbbb.... fell bad for the legend prithviraj chauhan ji played by akshay kumar 

Ham bataye isme kuch khas nahi laga hamko  faltu me sab prithviraj ko troll kar rhe agar wo flop hua na tab Indian audience hindu centric film deserve nhi karti, islog ko wahi akbar aur khilji ko dekhe milega

After these 4 years of this movie. I can&#39;t agree more that this is the best trailer anyone could make.

Background Music is enough for goosebumps

We want this type of movie more! ️

It&#39;s 2023 and still a masterpiece. No movie can beat Padmaavat. Still gives me goosebumps.

I watch prtiviraj trailer and now I watch padmawati trailer padmawati is a maasterclass sound camra work all are great bro..

Who is here after watching Prithviraj trailer ?

Came here after Prithviraj trailer or the yellow color  trailer...akki as bala

This is called trailer.

Who he is here after watching Prtihviraj Chouhan trailer 

Who is here to watch this masterpiece trailer after that mediocre Prithviraj trailer

Damn....it  still  give  goosebumps..surely   Sanjay  Leila  bansali  knows  how to make periodic  movies...and  yes  Ranveer  acting  is  superb.He  has  make  Alauddin  characters  lively

Everyone knows that Ranveer Singh's character in the movie is negative and not in real life.
Prithviraj trailer makes me to come here,this is how the historical trailer supposed to be, having lots of goosebumps 

Who is here after &#39;Prithivraj&#39; trailer?

Here after Akshay Kumar and manusi tattiii

Sanjay leeela bhansali is true artist!
After watching prithviraj trailer I realised that was so so disappointing and failed completely in portraying the mightness of  great Prithviraj Rah Chauhan , then came to this omg no one beats Sanjay Leela Bhansali in historical and larger than life movies in Bollywood , What a masterpiece it is in every department  and Ranvir has given the performance of his life , This is called real historical Drama  .Period!

Is movie ko phirse release hona chayhe abhi

No one can match Bhansali Productions&#39; Cinematography level!Like if you agree

Who came back to appreciate this piece of work even more after watching latest trailer of prithviraj?

Here after prithvi raj trailer still got goosebumps watching this️

Who is after Prithviraj Chauhan trailer to watch this epic movie trailer? 

Who came here after watching prithviraj trailer

<a href="">0:57</a>  baba

Who after prithivi trailer?

Still better trailer than Prithviraj (I am not comparing movie only trailer)

Compare this to prithviraj Chauhan trailer

Just came back to check where Prithviraj went wrong....

I am here after watching the Pritviraj Trailer better than that trailer is watching this masterpiece ️️

Came here after watching aweful trailer of Prithviraj chauhan..just to recover myself..

Better than prithviraj chohan tralier 2022

Just came back after watching samrat prithviraj trailer of yrf ,to watch this trailer which gives total chills and goosebumps rather than that trailer which couldn&#39;t do justice but I am hopeful that somehow movie came to be good in storytelling and giving due respect to Samrat Prithiviraj ji

Just came to refresh my mind and eyes after watching Garbage trailer of Prithiviraj Chauhan this is how a trailer should be made  !

This trailer still gives the same amount of goosebumps.

Music, cinematography, action and acting all are top notch. Except sanjai Leela Bhansali No one can make best historical movie.

Here after Tried and refused production&#39;s review on Prithviraj trailer.He is so right about the colour pallet and the BGM .Prithviraj&#39;s Trailer is just yellow while this Trailer shows all the vibrant colours that india is always known for and while the Prithviraj&#39;s Trailer has been cut out with few love and war scenes put togather with the main BGM hoping it would create excitement in Audience, this Trailer has each and every scene cut in to this Trailer to go smooth with the BGM and rather complement it and the scenes, even though, shows the intensity of the movie, doesn&#39;t actually Revel much about it.I didn&#39;t watch the trailer as life was busy around that time but watch the movie later with friend and didnt notice all this about the trailer but Bravo to the team who cut such a creative trailer.

Prithviraj trailer is no where in front of padmavat..

Prithiviraj trailer looks nothing in front if this epic trailer.

Revisiting this masterpiece after Prithviraj trailer launch and boy that isn’t even close to this. I got goosebumps even after 4 years of this being created.

This trailer is something different Still give goosebumps

After watching the prithviraj trailer,I realised how good of a trailer this is.

This was honestly one of the best trailers for an Indian movie I have ever watched. The basic storyline was known to most people, so instead of making it a montage of different scenes telling the story, they made this beautiful choreography. Even though it doesn&#39;t tell you much, it makes you feel all of the emotions of the movie. Period films today should learn from this that a good historical film is more than big budgets and stars.

1000 times better than Prithviraj Chauhan

Who is here after Prithviraj Chauhan trailer

Who came after prithwiraj...to see legacy of sanjay leela bhansali

Who are here after watching pruthvi Raj Chauhan trailer, hit like!

Came here after prithiviraj trailer... For comparison 

ANYONE AFTER PRITHVIRAJ TRAILER?

Jai RAJPUTANA

I&#39;m here again to watch this outstanding trailer of one of the finest movie of Indian cinema after the 3 year of release of this movie flawless...the essence of perfection is still in the 3 min trailer....feel the gossebump 

I&#39;m here after watching prithvi raj chauhan trailer, i wish prithviraj chauhan movie also directed by sanjay leela bhansali..

Here after prithviraj trailer this movie is soo good after 5 years

Here after getting disappointed watching Prithviraj trailer - YRF should learn from SLB how the historical movies should be made.

came after prithvirajj trailer, wanted to freshen up my mind after watching prithviraj

Who is here after prithviraj.... This film is masterpiece

Who came here after watching pathetic trailer of prthiviraj

Came here  to cheak if prithviraj yellowish  trailer really as Not eyeblessing as I&#39;m thinking.Now it&#39;s comfirm...  No nody can find Sanjay leela&#39;s approach for historical movies.After panipat, the great story of pritiviraj will also be spoiled by B&#39;wood.

I am here...After watching Average Prithviraj Movie trailer

Here  After Prithviraj trailer....  Watch the difference ... This one  is Art other one idk what to say...

10000000000000000% far better than prithavi Raj trailer

Just saw Prithviraj Tralier and Realise What a master director SLB is, So again came here

Far better than prithviraj trailer

Who is here after Prithviraj trailer ?

This trailer better than pruthviraj hole movie..Padmavat is the masterpiece

Shahid&#39;s performance was decent 

Goosebumps 
gotta visit here for ghoosbooms after prithviraj trailer ...

ghost trees
Here after prithviraj trailer
Who is here after prithviraj trailer

coming to see this after prithvi raj chauhans trailer and it saddens me that a legend like him has to picturised in a mediocrity

who is here after average PRITHVIRAAZ trailer.

Still much better than prithvirajAkshay 
Who just came after watching Prithviraj Chauhan Trailer.

It&#39;s better than prithviraj

Background bgm is just incredible gusbomb literally

There should be a song made on the background score used in this movie.

Very nice muscic

So overconfidence in frictional story

Bollywood ka RRR or KGF whatever.

Love the BGM   big respect to composer

Try More Bollywood bt u can&#39;t erase the history of Muslim Brave empire

Still the best trailer to ever come out of an Indian movie. Literal goosebumps even after 4 years.

Bakawas movie.. they do not know how to make action sense‍️‍️‍️Sanjay Bansali suits to make only love stories..Learn from Rajamouli..After watching those action scenes Like comedy serials..
Movie link plz..
Survival of the fittest

There is as much strength in the Rajputi bracelet as there is in the Rajputi sword Dialogue Fabulous 
I think this is the best trailer.... The film was a bit underwhelming but the trailer alone would have got Oscar

Back Ground Music
Sanjay sir huge fan but sory to say but you disappointed me in this movie so much1st half was well madeBut 2nd half felt so slow and fake some where.Ranveer Singh is good actor but some where acted overAnd in first he was so badass and villainous but in second half he lost his character.Sim&#39;s acting was so fabulous but his story felt Incomplete.Sorry Dipu but you   didn&#39;t put any  afford in  your character you  was so unrelatable in this movie ..Only Aditi&#39;s acting and character felt perfect. ..Music and set was mesmerizing...But Story would be better...

A Sanjay Bhansali Film
Jai raj ️️putana
Favorite movie

Only ranveer singh

Bollywood is just lol

Jai rajputana ️️️
Feeling proud to be a mewadi Jay rawal sa Jay raani sa Jay mewad Jay rajputana 
Allahuddin khilji zindabad
behtareen movie
Some of the shorts are exact remake of the movie &quot;The Troy&quot;. Can be easily guessed. Bollywood people are really *true dumb*. They prove the world that they are so dumb that they can&#39;t even make an original indian movie plot. They have zero innovation capability and are the best in copying others. Tollywood is class apart in innovation and have no match.

Bhai is bachche ko Rajput ka role de diya, chahe Kitna bhi make up kar lo. Ye Rajput jaisa tall, broad chest and masculine lagega hi nahi. Ye Sahid fukrey wale role me hi achcha Lagta hai. Ganjedi,  Nasedi, Bewada types movies, doing smacks, smoking joint, snorting powder and all. Ye character bahut over matured actor chahiye. Baaki Deepika ab  budhiya ho chuki hai, Body me maans thode bahot maans Latak rahe hain. Chusdi ho chuki hai wo. We can only see a bone stature standing and walking. It&#39;s time, c must plan for her retirement or better suitable roles further.  Last but not the least, Rajput ayaash aur ishqbaaz nahi the. They were shouldering great responsibility of their mother land and men. Shedding their blood fighting against foreign invasion.

Jai Rajputana
Re-release it in theaters!! PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Rani sa tu aag sa balkha raani sa badal sa garja Rani sa rajputi shaan hai raani saa mari aan baan hai
The history of this great warrior has been shown as false. If Allauddin Khilji had not come to India, how long would it have been in the hands of Mongols?
Best movie so far
Here after TVF&#39;s bachelors vs games
Alaudin khilji is always powerful

Make a film on Sikhs also

Khiljiyo ka parcham buland rahe

Full badass acting by Ranveer Singh

Jai Rajputana
Ranveer killed it

This is enough for goosebumps : Chinta ko talwar ki nok pe rakhe, woh RAJPUT ... ret ki naav lekar samundar se shart lagaye, woh RAJPUT ... aur jiska sar kate phir bhi dhad dushman se ladta rahe, woh RAJPUT

The one who keeps worry on the edge of his sword, is a RAJPUT  ... the one who bets against the ocean in a boat made from sand, is a RAJPUT  ... and the one who keeps on fighting with his enemy even after his head is chopped off, is a RAJPUT.

Solid Action Movie

Queen padmavati was reborn draupadi because she born in fire but didn&#39;t dead in fire so she reborn as queen padmavati and sacrifice herself in fire. To end her born and die and reborn and die cyle(life cyle)

Shahid kapoor and Ranveer singh has diffrent level of acting skills

Kasp

Portraying Allaundin Khilji&#39;s character in this movie is FAKE, At the first Even I did believe about what they&#39;ve shown about khilji in this movie later I researched every possible information about it.. Then I got to know They have Shown Very FAKE Image of Allaudin Khilji I recommend you guys to know about his real history (I don&#39;t know what is the purpose behind this that they&#39;ve shown totally opposite image of khilji)  I stopped watching bollywood history movies.

Who is here after gangubai trailer ??Deepika padukone and bhansali are the best didn&#39;t liked gangu&#39;s trailer that much

This trailer has the power to take you back in history... Goosebumps!!!

Each and every character in this movie was perfect... it&#39;s almost like they were made to do this movie

2022 its still magic

The problem with this was, Sanjay&#39;s obssesion with negative publicity. This what leaded to controversies.Beside that ,As a RAJPUT i say this was a masterpiece .... just with few mistakes which could be corrected!

Kathiyawadi talking Marathi accent loloxxx cartoon Alia disaster movie
Goosebumps every single time.... Bhansali is god.... Seriously... What a guy.

Jai Rajputana  Proud to be a Rajput
film&#39;s duration <a href="">02:43:28</a>
Deepika&#39;s eyes are enough to express her feelings ️

Everyone praised Ranveer&#39;s badass character but no one noticed how courageous , attitude and brave character was of Sahid . And after this war Alaudin killed 30000 hindu&#39;s in chitod . Thankfully mevar was taken back by brother of Ratan singh otherwise i can&#39;t imagine how mevar would look today .Tribute to all Rajput warrior&#39;s who sacrificed their life for their motherland . world is literally forgetting what they did . We will praise that khilji who killed thousand&#39;s of Hindu but would never appreciate Rani Padmani for her sacrifice and Ratan singh who fought war even knowing he will not return back. Amar rahae vo veer saput . Jay Bhavani , Jay Mataji , Har Har Mahadev .

Thoroughly enjoyed this movie 

The real hero of the film is also Alauddin
Ranveer singh 
I like how apart from that Rajput dialogue, there were dialogues in the trailer...the visuals alone are enough to feel

The Rajput female bracelet is as strong as the sword of a rajput ️

Shahid Kapoor, man what a character in this movie.This is very well made.

Ranveersingh ️
almost all rajpoot worked under mughals and they sell us this fake fantasy pride image

Kanispraphu
Tristar pearl
Grandeur display of Ancient india culture ️

This trailer still gives goosebumps and the bgm is just love

This is 2022 !!!! And this background score , the dialogues , the cinematography , goosebumps still arouse 

I am rajput
I am rajpur
Even today, I get goosebumps on my body after watching this trailer.
I am rajput and happy to see this movie

Indian culture is mystery, history No culture can match it

Villain entry!!!!!️️️️
Watching in 2022 again ️️️
This is a useless movie; it misrepresents the character of Alauddin Khilji so much that it has nothing to do with history; everything is stuck to one's own account.
WHAT A GREAT WARRIOR INDIA HAVE... LOVE AND RESPECT FROM USA

God bless you
SLB films, music, story literally everything has such a grand and amazing feel to them just amazing!

Favorite bgm in ever ️
Aaje bee yaad hai kyaa dhmaal macha yaa thaaa 2k21
What a theme yr most powerful...

Last Me Ye Toh Dikha Ne Ka Kaise Malik Kapoor Ne Aaladdin Khilji Ko Tha Toh Orr Movie Hit Hoti
Jai Bhavani
For the first time in my life i got Goosebumps while watching it (particularly when rani went for Johar and jai bhavani was wowing around the fort)

This movie has a lot of historical inaccuracies.

Sahid kapoor was not given too much credit for his portrayal of role as Raja Ratan Singh. Even though he was more senior actor than Deepika and Ranveer. All the limelight and praise has been taken away by both.

Ratan Singh should not have married Padmavati as he was already married. Great movie

<a href="">00:57</a> iam literally scared when ranveer entered

Everywhere Shiva!
Its an awesome movieLove from Bangladesh 🇧🇩

Love for lndia From Pakistan occupied Sindhudesh

Still, I am coming here just to listen the back ground music.... Awesome...

This is the best trailer of Bollywood. Hands down.

If during the time of Mughals, Rajput Na, Guru of Sikhs, Guru Gobind would not fight then if Guru Maharaj would die with us then we would not have to remain slaves forever.
Plz upload full movie

If RamCharan and Raana acted in this movie...verey level in south India

<a href="">1:48</a> what a entry khiljii ️
This movie cant be touch the success of Bahubali

Bollywood meaning to history distort. alauddin khilji 6 time saved whole india.with mongoliya.

Background music is so good..

Alauddin the greatest SIMP of all time

I can Only Imagine Hrithik Roshan as Allahuddin Khilji, he deserved this filmGreatest Trailer ever made in Indian Cinemas 

What makes the rajput warrior sad gives pleasure to the Mughals killers We fought what was in front of us not because we hated them but because we love what was behind us

Just close eyes nd listen to the sound... The music ufff

Totally Fake Allauddin Khilji Ko Bohot Glt Dikhaya Gya Hai Iss Movie Mai Totally Fake Movie...!

If not best, it is one of the best bollywood trailer I have seen.

The deepika padukone , the benchmark for periodic films the GOAT actress the queen of bollywood. She nailed it as rani padmavati

Just come back here frequently to feel the background music 

Fun fact: Padmavat married to Alauddin Khilji (Deepika-Ranveer) 

My favourite Historical movie

Wish they release the OST on Spotify !!!!!

Bhansali you are great man , Historical movie tumhi bna skte ho , excellent trailer and excellent background music

Now after 4 years when i see this trailor, I realise what a great man SLB is, There could be more historical movies like Panipat, Prithviraj but none could touch this era, this legacy, This acting, Padmavat always will be the landmark in indian cinema

This trailer is way better than prithviraj

Who came after prithviraj teaser

Long live Mother Padmini!
Who is here after prithiviraj

Came to sanitize my eyes after watching &quot;prithviraj chauhan&quot; teaser .

Shahid
After watching prathviraj trailer, I have to accept the Shahid Did batter job of King than pathatic Akshay Kumar..

Anybody here to cleanse their mind after Prithviraj teaser?

Still one of the best trailerIn history based film

ANYONE AFTER PRITHVIRAJ TEASER?

all three stole the show

Shahid as Rajpoot  &gt;&gt;&gt; Akshay as Rajpoot.... Periodt️️ (after Prithviraj teaser)

Disliked in 70k soil
This is the best trailer ever made in Hindi cinema. Prove me wrong.

The film will forever be known as Padmavati.

Splendid.... ️
Epic movie!
I am here for bgm...️
<a href="">0:57</a> Feels like real Alauddin appeared... Wow!
Even an average Tollywood Director can make better movies.

Allauddin Khilji khatarnak villain portrayed by Ranveer Singh

Rajput always great

<a href="">1:48</a> king look

Random person: tell me one reason to watch this movie. Me: just those powerful eyes of every actor in this movie is enough. Random person: &quot;opens Amazon prime immediately&quot; 

One of the best trailers ever...

Jai Rajputana
<a href="">2:16</a> The Evil Laugh 

Khilji diler
Jai Rajputanahar Har Mahadev
Cast was brilliant

India should be thankful to alauddin khilji who saved them from mongol invasions without him mongol should slaughter all of india and made padmaavati his whore

It&#39;s the best trailer I have ever seen from this industry and I think it&#39;s one of the best trailers in real

I was

Dipika and Kangana perfect roll for  queens.....

Background place costume dialogues it&#39;s amazing...️
This Bollywood is going on in our name Jay Rajputana 
<a href="">0:56</a> gives me goosebumps!

She is sri lanken queen ️🇱🇰
why this movie dont won best movie

Jay shree ram

The BGM is out of the world

MSD:- The untold story ,Padmavat and Gullyboy on must watchlist,Even trailers are far better than movie....

<a href="">0:57</a> what a majestic screen presence this man has..! Like a sultan himself

Great film

Proud to be born on the &quot;LAND OF KINGS&quot; actually &quot;QUEENS&quot;. Proud to be a Rajasthani

Bgm mast h

What a direction 

From this trailer can understood that 1/9 muslim present in India..

Best trailer of Indian movie history. It&#39;s already 4/5 years that the movie has released. still love to see the trailer of this movie

Yes Baat Bikul Sahi H AK Rajputi gangan mae as much power as Rajputi Talvaar mae.
Please tell me the title of the track. 

Shahid kapoor proved it as maharaval ratan singh character 
Love Our dedication and hard work for Great film in indian film industry

Best dialogue rajput
Osm movie

Proud to be a Rajput jai shri ram jai Rajputana
Ramveer's acting has given life to the movie, everyone hates Khilji
Watched the movie finally , it was amazing from the visuals to the musical score and the acting

Frst everyone is saying ranveer is main role and shahid did nothing now ever one is praising shahid

Khilji had thrown away the Rajput king...
jai bhawani...

<a href="">00:57</a>

I am from Bangladesh 🇧🇩🇧🇩. I am proud to be a part of The brave Hindu(Sanatani). Jay Bhavani  Hare Krishna 

Puncher banane walo ki jal rhi h trailer dekhkar 

The Love for alaudin khilji has increased for everyone by the way ranveer Singh performed his role  the ruler with pride and power 

Jai Bhavani..,..
rAJPUT ARE TIGER    NO ONE CAN DEFEAT FAIRLY

My Favourite movie ️️
Shahid Kapoor looks like a true King

This is totally fake history.

I am back here after 4 years in 2021 just to watch this trailer one more time.

Who is here after seeing Varun grover roast.

Controversy helped this movies become popular otherwise it would have been only average film

Jai Hind! Jai Bharat!Jai Rajputana!️️🇮🇳️️
eat 200 years
No words for sahid acting 

Alauddin Khilji fought against Mango 4 times for Hindustan and won Bs has shown his negative role 
I love the character of Alauddin Khilji played by Ranveer Singh  amazing look and awesome  acting. Padmavat......

Maharatas are real dagads warriors of this mughals

One of the best trailer I ever saw ..Just amazing trailer is better than the movie

Even my life rest of my entire life I couldn&#39;t forget this movie 

Jai Rajputana Jai ma bhawani
Movie really super. BGM is 

This trailer is totally fake they have shown totally fake bad image od khilji..

Epic

I am Rajput nd with this i got and know what actually i am  jai Rajputana 

I come here once a week for the background score itself ! 

Jai Rajputana
Woh.. Rajput... My brain: MIRA RAJPUT 
False story.

Khilji is incredible

This movie sparked violent protests &amp; riots in several parts of India, had the set attacked and set ablaze, injuring animals, destroying several costumes, vehicles and a school bus, actress received threats of violence &amp; death, banned in Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Haryana &amp; Malaysia, one of the most expensive Indian films ever made, grossed USD 82 million at the box office and listed in the 10th highest-grossing Indian film of all time.

Allaudin Khilji 🇦🇫
If you listen  it’s sound in earphones in dark you go in past !! Because the sound is dam good !!

I love this background music.... I m here becoz it&#39;s background music is so amazing

Best movie erver
What a masterpiece movie it deserves national award sanjay leela bhansali sir is the gem  Mr perfectionist director of whole flim industry look at art artistic epic classic movie 

I expect a movie on major dhyaanchand from SLB production house

Just now watched all the trailers including bhahubali and kgf ..but this trailer with bgm are next level. goosebumps type 

The great Sultan Alauddin Khilji, who saved India from the Mongols by defeating the mighty Mongols three times without caring for his own life, turned the great Sultan Alauddin Khilji into a villain, a bloodthirsty savage. Should be ashamed. Long live Sultan Alauddin Khilji The great.

Ranveer Singh is the king

It's a disgusting movie, it's not enough that you portray Muslims as bad, it's a shame that you ended it like shit, I swear, my neck is stiff here because I've been watching it for three hours, it's disgusting, it's disgusting, it's like shit.
stumbled upon a bass boosted video with the sultan dance scene so I watched the movie believing it would be fun and what a surprise that movie is incredibly well written and realised, the characters nevers makes choices that breaks their personality and that makes that movie looks so realisticDefinitely one of my favorite

jay RAJPUTANA  Jay maa Padmini jay maa bhawani
Whenever I see a war historical base movie trailer and  I come back to this trailer and compare this is the best movie historical movie I have seen such a big fan of sanjay leela bhansali amazing director

The  background music Goosebumps 

Trailer can&#39;t define what the movie is

Joke of the day - Mughals came to India spread peace and love 

Shahid Kapoor ️
Deepika 🇮🇳
Best movie

Shahid Kapur&#39;s acting was on another level. I think he proved himself.

id cards Validity of Vijaykumar &amp; Padmavathi T,  That&#39;s it My name is Lokesh V.

Nice trailers good bhansali sir mast ️️
BGM is just great. I Come back often to watch this trailer. I love trailers which are not movie summary but excite people to watch movie

Notify me to watch this trailor again.

Background music  lovedd ittt 
Larger than life canvas

For those of you who don’t know this movie is fictional. Historians have said there’s no proof of a women named padmavati. This story is based on a poem written by a Muslim Sufi saint. In this movie the Muslim ruler Aladdin khilji is portrayed as a beastly conquerer while in reality he was a great man. He was the reason why the mongols couldn’t take india. He slayed the mongols and made towers from the chopped heads. The mongols feared him. So sad to see him being portrayed in such a negative way.

bollywood needs to produce good movie in other regional and foiregn lanaguage like english , portugese, spanish , turkish , mandarin , russian , japanese so that non indian viewwer could also watch

No one can beat role of alludin khilji &amp; ratan singh

If anyone has pass full movie please send me
How can I find full mivie

Mughals zindabad️sultan khilji
May the flag of Khiljis rise high
Shahid Kapoor ️
Am I the only one, who just watch this trailer for its music &amp; Feel GOOSEBUMPS from Head to Toe ...!!!

Ye Rajasthan Mai Q nei read yar
goosebumps

Without any dialouge this trailer gives goosebumps

Legendary movie Jai rajputana best movie 
Jai Bhavani
Our Rajputana culture
I&#39;m Pakistani I love India
All rajput are warrior not fear death and war

A MASTERPIECES That&#39;s IT !
Sultan Alauddin Khilji Proud to be Khilji Proud to be Afghan

Jai Bhavani, Jai Rajputana. Jai Hind, Jai Bharat. Rajput never cheats and foreign invaders never won any war without cheating, but as long as Jaichand remains among us, this will continue to happen.
They Potared Allahudun khilji in a wrong way️ heartbreaking he was a great king

No way I liked villain Khalji more than hero

Terrorist islams destroyed a beautiful kingdom

This movie how indian respect his females and how great our culture proud to be indian 

<a href="">2:44</a> one of most beautyfull and excelent shots I´ve ever seen

Fuck islam 

Ranveer singh is a bollywood ... ️️️️️️
A story written by Malik Mohammad Jaisi who is desecrating the honor of Sultan and Hind Allahuddin.
This is not true story. Alauddin Khilji were truthful and respectful. He was best man. I’m Khilji  Afghan Pashtoon. In Afghanistan are now Khiljis Ghiljid   Proud to be Khilji Ghilji ️️🇦🇫🇦🇫

Sultan alauddin khilji  Keep the flag of Islam flying high
BGM 
There was so much chaos for this movie ️
Very very beautiful

after watching varun Grover

Rajpoots are now Commenting jai rajputana and things like thatWhereas these very people were ready to kill the directorHippoocarci

faik story
faik story
Shahid dialogues about rajput made me proud to be rajput 

Aditi Rao hadari ️️
Ranveer Singh always rock

Rajput Yooda

This trailer pull out me in 2021

Thanks allaudin khilji for saving our country from mangroves
I&#39;m from Rajasthan only these people like dominating Dalits only

Best in everything

Aalaudin.Khilji

Only in trailer ranveer looking greater than Shahid but in movie shahid acting and performance of chittorh king is awesome

Bakwas h

This is the best trailer of a bollywood movie.... change my mind ? 

Background 
Why aditi rao is not even shown in the trailer? She&#39;s such a great actress

The highest-grossing Indian film to portray Afghans. The film became the 7th highest-grossing Indian film of all time at one stage.

Superb movie hai or  songs bhi mst h

Jai Mewar
Khilji spread her ass
Ye radhe movie dekh ke detoxification ke liye aaya tha main... Ab pehle se better feel kar rha hoon

Sam padmavat real khaninki copy same good
Badass khilji ️️
Gora badal are great warriors .

Ranveer did a great job in this masterpiece movie

One of the Best movie I have ever seen in my life. ️️ Jai bhawani.11:32pmTuesday 25 May 2021

Pehle Main History subject se bahut Darta tha...Phir mausi ne kaha - Bhansali ki movies dekha karo..Ab mujhe History padhne mein majaa aane laga,Hats off Bhansali Sir.. 

Background is awesome

Shahid kapoor is best
Harami deepika said that muze chote actor ke sath kaam ni krne ka nhi toh SSR hote the shahid ke place pr

I am American and went to see this movie for the first time while in Delhi. I couldn&#39;t understand a word but had read the plot beforehand so I could follow along. I have since bought the movie and watched it multiple times with subtitles. It is one of my favorite movies of all time

Who has come for background music?
Every time the eyes seem to be in love. The king or the queen's love is not so beautiful or their soulless eyes seem to be sad. I wish Khilji had not come or their love did not look like this.
Tanishq add 
Music is ocm

I watched 20 times.Very beautiful movie.historical movie .

Acting guru ranveer singh
Jai rajputana jai MAA Bhavani ️️️️️️
Shahid Kapoor no where resembles Rajput king ..Body language not infusing any energy..Deepika and Ranveer was at different level

next movie about Babar 
I waching today this one again 

Good movie but they show Allauddin Khilji character so negative, well he was winning and aggressive but it is too much. He saved India🇮🇳 from Mangols, who destroyed Asia from Mongolia- China to Turkey. They(rulers like Khilji and  MUGHALS) didn&#39;t come to return, they came for stay. They don&#39;t rob they made India beautiful.

Jabtk cinema hai log Chutiya bante rahenge.. Padmavati n Alauddin Khilji belonged to different times.. But now you can make anyone a villain to set the agenda of a useless government..
The actual practice is known as saka. It has two parts kesariya done by men and women commit jauhar. Both wear their marriage dress. Men wear kesariya headgear/safa. Women wear their marriage dress along with all jewellery. Saka is committed when defeat is certain and all belive that they will be together after death that&#39;s why their marriage dress.If kesariya and jauhar both takes place it is full saka. If only one takes place it&#39;s half saka.Death before dishonour....

Haram khor khilji
Beautiful️️
One of the best movie

<a href="">1:48</a>

In May 2021 ...Any more 
Our india&#39;s history is best 

Who still come here

What kind of  bullshit is this.. the one who lost the war is glorified..

Can anyone tell where can I watch this for free

This Khilji should have a fight with our Shivji Raje. He was born on this earth after his death. He was also born in Kabra MH.
Everyone  says that this movie shows a bad a image of the Rajputs and Rani Padmavati, but the fact is that this movie has shown more negative things about the Khiljis.But no one cares.

Amazing
It&#39;s a thanishq add - varun Grover  

Our Sri Lankan queen
Literally the background music are giving me goosebumps.....

This is the history of RAJASTHAN I feel proud to be rajasthaniwe are true hindustanis and real brave

Earphones and close your eyes feel this backround music  ️

Deepika Padukone acting was boom 
Acting was soo good 

Where to download this movie
jai bhawani jai rajputana...
Ranveer Singh acting vere level
Why do Pakistanis not get any food after watching this movie?
Mast Movie Jung's Ek Hi Usool HOTA Hai Rawal Jeet 
Mast Movie Jung's Ek Hi Usool HOTA Hai Rawal Jeet 
Good movie but they show Allauddin Khilji character so negative, well he was winning and aggressive but it is too. He saved India🇮🇳 from Mangols, who destroyed Asia from Mongolia- China to Turkey. They didn&#39;t come to return, they came for stay.

This bgm always gives me goosebumps... KJO can only dream of delivering this type of period drama

Nobody:Me: randomly watching this trailer years after the movie released.....jus for the bgm

This is the 10th time I&#39;m watching this trailer!!!! 

RAJPUT 
It seems that history has not been read by all, the one who opened, was a warrior, was not in the circle of some Padmavati, what is it that they are showing, all of you are not in the name of Padmavati.
Just imagine that you seeing this after 20 year&#39;s with your kids and you telling them that the actress who played the role of padmavati she actually did marry with khilji

hindus ki 3rd  soch ... Padmaavat aik fabricated aur jhooti story .... alaudin khilji legand banda tha

Ranveersingh what a acting another level this movie

I thought this movie is based on real event at first. Dissapointed.

Who is here after Kabir Singh 

tanishq's ad
Jai ma Padmavati
Ja havan ja bellion
Jai Rajputana
JAI RAJPUTANA

That suicides in group...really a shame for me as a woman!Marna hi aakhiri raasta tha to talware uthati.

WTF KANGANA RANAUT, U REJECTED THE FILM, 
tanishq ad
I watch the trailer of Iska BGM Sun again and again.
Ye designers jwellery kahan se aa gayi us waqt

Bgm and graphics are superr 

I saw this movie in bahrain....love this movie

I like the background music very much

Most viewed video on this channel

Kitna rone lagey thai rajput yeh sochke ki movie m kahi asliyat toh ni. Dikha dih 

Allaudin khilji(Ranveer) married padmavati(Deepika)in real life. The curse of Rajputras!! 

100 times better than Bahubali.. watched 10th time today..

The fact is that        Alaudin ne rajpooto ko ghar main ghus ghus k mara tha .Khiljio ka parcham buland rahe

What a moviewhat an acting Ranveer Sing,,he deserves OSCAR for his performance and What a making and screen play,,only Bansali can Did this Epic Movie ,,,,lots of love From KARNATAKA

<a href="">0:57</a> Sultan Allavudeen Ali Gurship Khalji. Goose bums️️️️️️️️️
Best movie

How can I download this movie eithr YouTube

Well tried..still coulnt break bahubali record .wait for kgf 2 all ur bollywood actors will be burnt

Background music is awesomeNothing can&#39;t be better than this

Here shahid kapoor&#39;s dailogue is deepika&#39;s dialogue version in bajirao masthani,  did anybody got my thing

Worst bgm

Suicide happened last evening milke.. Manikarnika like fight nahi I feel bad for thisss...
Jay hind jay maa bhawani jay rajputana 🇮🇳️️
Padmaavat is very nice movie ...But this is very wrong movie... Nothing is matched with actual padmaavat...

Deepikapadukone done very good acting
Super Historical Movie️
Rani Padmavati ko shat shat naman

The movie is not even a mediocre it&#39;s just bad.

Hail MewarHail Chittor
Stunning actors, stunning performance, as well as stunning director.

Epic disaster flop film padmavat

This film is not even 5 percent compared to Bahubali, a film like Padmavat Laura.
I not see this movie.... Who is the Villain?? Nd who is the hero in movie? 

Fucked movie  false story
The film she made should have been named Padnamat.... By using the name of Maa Padmavati, she made a film like Khilji's.
The bgm is much more better ️ than the entire movie

BGM Mattum Mind la Odikitu Iruku

She's not Indian!
Everyone's father Gujjar always 
Instead of deepika, aishoraya rai is apt for this role

I have recently uploaded a VM on Rani Sa ft. Draupadi..Do check it out!

I have recently uploaded a VM on Rani Sa ft. Draupadi..Do check it out!

This whole false story is real. Padmaavat was taken by Allahuddin.
Varun Grover says I saw the trailer of Padmavat on YouTube, first Tanishq's add came and then I found the trailer here.
<a href="">1:15</a> 
The storm of summer is like a queen, my queen is like a queen, the thunder is like a queen, the thunder is like a queen, it rains like fire, the thunder is like a queen, the Rajput is proud like a queen, my queen is proud.
I am also a khilji by cast

Khilji wearing that woolen coat in the burning summers of Chittor is one of the mistakes that bhansali should work on

Kaash Sanjay Leela Bhansali ji aissi historical movies aur banateLekin hamare so called activitist kaha banane dete HeinMy All time favourite movie 

India indeed has rich and interesting history. I love India

JAI RAJPUTANA️
Proud to be a Rajput.
Madarchod Film
Ranveer singh expression at <a href="">2:34</a> to <a href="">2:35</a> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; shahid kapoor entire trailer reaction...

Such a long definition of Rajputs! In reality, spineless selfish people who instead of uniting and fighting Mughals and British laid down their weapons and made deals with them.  Wonder what Maharana Pratap would have said had he been alive. He&#39;s the true Rajput!

Sultan Khilji expanded Delhi sultanate. His policies brought economic reforms and saved India from famine. And most importantly, He saved India from Mongols, not just once, just 6 times. If Mongols would have captured India, so Britishers might have never came to India cause then there would be nothing left for Britisher.This padmawat movie is just a fictional story. Nothing like this happened in reality.Sultana Khilji ️

Epic .....From music to acting to storytelling...All is awesome

How much wrong has been shown about Alauddin Khilji.
Sanjay Leela Bhansali has Made Ranveer &amp; Deepika even better actors, by directing them in 3 masterpieces- Ramleela, BM &amp; this 

No one was less

this movie was made for sushant.he was a true RAJPUTH

Who is here after kgf chapter 2 

Who&#39;s else watching this trailer in 2021 just to listen background score  ?

Chuiya hite h raj put
Fake history shown by director 
Jai maa padmini 
Ranveer nailed it

Jai Bhavani 
Khilji saved india 5times from mongols... Nd history puri bdl k rkhdi..

Mongols jinki vjh s dunia kapti thi, khilji was d only prsn who faced against dem stronly. Mongols got shiver only frm his nme.. He had dat power

Protest muslims ko krna tha,,, Alauddin asa tha hi nhi in reality.. He was not intrstd in kafoor.. Salo n history bdl k rkhdi.. Protest rajputo n kia

Sanjay Leela bhansali supper bgm music and dairction

Ranveer Singh 

Who is here in 2021 after the trailer of Gangubai Kathiawari to get out from the depression 

How many are here to relive padmaavat vibes again

why dont he write story screenplay direction and music by SLB . is he downto earth or too modest to accept that he has done so much .  Usually people crave for attention but look at this man Sanjay leela Bhansaali , even after giving a award winning BGD did not mention his name in the Trailer . just production and directoion . thats it .. too cool for craze SLB

Finally watched this and was bawling my eyes out at the end . That last scene was truly heartwretching ️. Such brave women. The whole production and the acting are absolutely gorgeous.

khilji steals the show

Jai Rajputana
Only bahubali best

Disaster film

Average film

Who thinks that, Deepika should be in Gangubai kathiawadi&#39;s role?

Yesterday Gangubai Kathiyawadi trailer was released. But i am still here.

Entry ️ Ranveer
This film was not true

Who is here after watching Gangubai Kathiawadi teaser? You cannot deny that Gangubai Kathiawadi is not as grand, beautiful, hair-raising and moving like the trailer of Padmavati. Hit like if you agree!

sorry to say but All over stories jhooti hoti hain apki muslims correctors ko leke

Garvse............  .kahooooooo........ Hum..................h....i.... N.... D.... U..... Hain............taxpayers....... Hain....tyre puncture.... Nahi..... Timepass.. Nahi.... Dedicated hain

Graet movie

<a href="">1:48</a> Sher aya Sher...
Music
Shahid ️
best movie padmaavat
Congratulations for 3 years of Padmavat

Editing level ️️️
Allauddin  superb Ranveer 
Ranveer is best actor
This trailer is so well made, it&#39;s actually genius. The acting in this movie was good, I thought it was gonna be bad but it turned out to be amazing, I highly recommend this

in indian movie , all about islam is bad and weak , even in historical book wrote that islam win war but in movie hindu win war , have you guys read historical book or not ?

This movie has the Best Climax and Background Score of all time. Period

After 3 year just to look one of best trailers

It is a foreign TV series
JUST ONE WORD &quot;GOOSEBUMPS&quot; 
Watching this trailer in 2021 and still gives goosebumps 

2021?

Am I alone here after Varun Grover&#39;s tanishq ad

Sanjay Leela Bhansali is a gem, he literally got the perfect cast, and what can  I say about the screenplay. Fantabulous

All rajput intrested in this movie.... To watch... Is it true?

Rajput history is great Maharana Pratap, prithvi raj chauhan all are great warrior salute to them

Special thanks to music and cinematography and make up artist ️Great movie 

I don&#39;t like allauddin Khilji but he saved us from the mongol invasion

Every time you watch it you get goosebumps.
background score 

3 saal pahale theater me dekhi thi movie  fully pesa basul movie 

By deepika’s name is last in the credits?

3 sal guzar gye lekin abi b Ranveer singh ki entry or background music sunne ata hu

Ranveer, u will be a legend actor like amitabh ji

Deepika was paid more than Sk and Rs for this movie. ️ happy 3 years of this magnificent movie

I just came out of nowhere to watch one the best Bollywood trailers of all time :&#39;)

Ultimate movie alludin khiliji ultimate and ratan singh
BGM filled with whole historical glory

That humming is so good

Boycott Shahid Kapoor and support Ranveer Singh

Background music 
Ranveer sing and background music 
It&#39;s been 3 years but still this trailer brings goosebumps ️

Only legends see in 2021

Maine 12 Jan 2021 ko chittorhgarh fort fort me visit Kiya .I realy shocked after watched fort .love+intrust it.

Good music background......

bakwas

Ranveer Singh You are fabulous actor.....

The movie portrays how wars affects life of women ... Whether it be Padmavati and all women of Mewar and Mehrunnisa who stripped of her powers and send to dungeon ... Women and children suffers a lot due to wars .. whether it is for greed or bravery  of men the losers are women always ...

Idk why no one complimented Deepika

Perfect 
Music is just epic

Shahid role kya bolu ab shabd nahi mere pas
bakwas

Rajput 
Namma Kannada cinema KGF 2
Why is this Tanish jewelery ad in the trailer of Padmati 
Shahid Kapoor ke vajah randip huda Lena chahiye tha.

still i come here again n again for the background music

bgm is on another level

Alaudiin online entry 
Goosebumps even after watching it for the hundredth time .. what a visual piece of art ️️️

Didn’t both of the leads in this film star as leads together in another film (I can’t remember the name, but it was based off of Romeo and Juliet and there were guns and stuff. I’m sorry, I don’t know a lot about Indian films)

If you bring assi from Rajput, then Dacanio will not bring it.
Propaganda movie, Alluadin was a Good Man, Our Hero Allaudin

Only trailer in which bgm speaks more than actors

Deepika and shahid have a unbeatable chemistry

Such a crap movie nd worst part was promoting the wrong concept of the negative element of movie, rather than  promoting Shahid kapoor(Ratan singh) because of whom significance of Padmavati actually exist.,they promoting ranveer singh(Khaal drogo) ...... 

The humming sound at 0.35sec is stripped from Ben Howard&#39;s song evergreen. Connect the dots now, that song evergreen was Sushant&#39;s favourite song.For me, Sushant lives on in the consecration of our hearts. ️️️️

Disgusting

Coming here all the time for the background Score  especially from 0.56

Jay Rajputana 
Manikarnika is far better than this shitty movie deepika doesnt even know how to act properly bloody drug addict
R

Epic .Sanjay Leela Bhansali at its best ......
It&#39;s visual treat 
Alauddin Khilji was one of the most powerful nd honest emperor,,,jaahilon jaake history dekho

This is made on Maharana Pratap
Here again for the background score and of course RS!

Who the he&#39;ll r disliking this vedio will go to hell

This story is based on the example of Malik Muhammad.
Fake story

Fake movie

Still get goosebumps !!!
If the actress was <b>&quot;madhuri dixit&quot;</b> as padmavati.

Jai Rajasthan Jai Rajputana
Based on a true storyThis is one of the best movies I’ve ever seen. My husband is from India in northern Punjab. I really liked seeing the traditional clothing and a woman who is a brave warrior alongside her husband who fights in battle against a crazed maniac that is hell-bent on seeing his wife;  what takes place within this movie is amazing I really enjoyed watching it from beginning to end it is a long movie, but well worth it; loved it. It’s a great  This movie is for men and women. I give it a TEN 10

The subtitles are so basic, they do absolutely no justice to the beautiful dialogues of the film.

Kabir singh
Sad for politics happen

Beautiful movie n music
This looks excellent, unfortunately I only speak English though. Does anyone know of a dubbed version available anywhere? Thank you.

I wanted to See Sushant Singh Rajput as the Rajput king in this movie...

Say what you will about the themes explored and other things in the movie. But this trailer is so well made and edited. Just one score that starts somber and elevates till the end, with only a couple of dialogues interspersed between. Masterful.

is no one gonna talk about effort made by ranveer and shahid.

Khilji is 
Rajput

Who came here after Sushant Singh Rajput demise

Be a hindu and indian Before it&#39;s too late and support who stand for usNo caste only HinduismJai Hind

Best historical movie 
This movies is reason why I started loving my nation&#39;s history more than ever before.....

Who is here from Karni Sena 

Superb choice neclesN

Padmaavat n Bahubali, Both the Masterpieces would not be Same Without thier&#39;s Epic BGM

One the best trailer I&#39;ve ever seen ! The bgm gives pure Rajasthani feeling and almost every scene is like a painting and takes us back to 13th century now thats what we call Great cinematography and direction ! Bhansali should start a series on Indian warriors

Ghani Ghani Khama ️
Best Vai Best 
