I don't understand well. Is this really enough? The barns did not fall apart and the other two were not demolished :( We should probably throw thicker loaves.
somehow weakly it was necessary to drop a couple of bombs and more powerful ones
The videos are getting cooler and cooler! There just aren't enough CALIBRES.
bellingcat (@bellingcat) tweeted at <a href="">3:52</a> AM on Thu, Nov 05, 2015:Russia claims to bomb East Ghouta, Damascus, actual location is Kafr Shams, Daraa, 50km away<a href=""> <a href=""> href="">

Either the Ministry of Defense is lying again, or they missed by 50 km. details, location from bellingcat.
covered
It looks like ISIS is preparing to land.
guys are guys in general!
the bomb hit between the hangars, the dust fell and it was clear that half of the hangar was destroyed. If there had been explosives, the hangar would have shattered into pieces.
why only 10? They should have written 50! and another 100 ISIS members.
I counted only 9 cars in the buildings, where is the tenth car? And why are there no fireworks?
Lately, people have been believing everything that our media shows :))))) since when did it become true? :)))
It’s a bit weak, but at least they started filming normal video cameras. I already wanted to unsubscribe
Somehow too moderate. Need to add.
this would be a kindergarten, je suis igil)))
If there are 10 cars with explosives, where is the powerful explosion? Where is the fire?
It’s interesting about the liberal kamikaze and the newcomers with him. are they watching this? it seems like yes, but I have to write and film something about it))))
Once upon a time we got stuck in Afghanistan, losing thousands of soldiers. Now we have entered Syria and are already mourning those killed in a plane crash over the Sinai... History teaches nothing...
Forgive us ISIS!
it is Ukraine!
I think one more shot wouldn’t hurt there...
Pay attention to the number of craters around the buildings; there were already hailstones working on it.
again the tough guys are bombing the school. Oh, what bad luck.
Did you see 10 cars through the hangars? How far has technology come!)))
Good episode
IMHO a rather weak explosive for +10 cars filled with explosives
There is panic in Ukraine, ISIS is being bombed.
This is a winter barn =)
The unexpected guy has arrived)))
whoever didn’t like it should be found and imprisoned for supporting terrorism.
Did anyone notice that the yellow car had a flat right rear tire???
great
ISIS - urgently build a moat and a fence from the Chainlink mesh, as the bald man and the boar bequeathed
they fucked a little
And representatives of the "Nifkrestik" sect already here?
yeah...... the kindergarten floor was with civilians.... they just refuel not with gasoline but with waste
Mistakenly called &quot;Sera&quot; You hit the nail on the head, my Russian brothers. Tomatoes are produced there, not bombs. I would like to see you hit the ISIS Convoy &quot;Vegetable&quot; Not that he shot his greenhouse.
ahh
I put it very accurately. Fine. But you need to throw more, at least two.
Fucking in the MOUTH! I just planted fucking cucumbers and the whole greenhouse was destroyed!!!!
The whole country, instead of creating and making money, is watching a bloody mess every day for two years now! Do you think this will be better?
Today they are peaceful, but tomorrow...
We fight great, we destroy all the bad guys at once! It’s just that the same shots of destroying enemy bases are already boring. It seems to me that I have been seeing these hangars for some time now and not the first report on a successful operation of the Russian space-air forces.
The drones began to fly lower and the video quality has improved
Russia is destroying the hangars of poor ISIS, but where will they store the potatoes? But winter is coming...(
Brush!
Filmed on a tea bag
something is not very good
In fact, there were 100,500 cars filled with atomic bombs, and all of them detonated. Hurray!!!
If they had thrown ODAB-9000, they would have been guaranteed to be destroyed!
I thought there would be more fireworks. But it's not bad either :)
To hit two, you need to shoot in the middle)) I play video games with the same principle :D
I wonder why they don’t use MIGs? Maybe the debut is only for SU?
The cars are unlikely to start anymore)
forgive me my French, but the series is awesome))
I wonder who counted the cars
The blast wave knocks out the spirit... tin
They throw accurate strikes!
When will UGIL be hit in Ukraine?(((
where are the actual cars? I didn’t see any)
We should have dropped more bombs
Judging by the force of the explosion, there were not 10 cars in the hangar, but 10 bicycles filled with explosives.
The quality of the footage is awesome!
Great job. Is not it? It turns out that fighter jets flew there along with drones. I wonder why the missiles flew there unnoticed?
Isn't it possible to drop something more powerful on these hangars? only 2 of them were slightly damaged!
Missed!
They got hit, but where is the further detonation of the explosives, the warehouse after all!
like Zhvanetsky: &quot; It's okay, Gregory! Great, Konstantin!”
Previously, there were normal hits, but now it was no use at all. nothing was detonated.
The quality is excellent! A little more and you can touch the image.
As in the proverb: I killed 2 birds with one stone. The qualifications of our pilots can only be given a big like!!!!!
For those who write that there is milk in it, I explain that there is a blast wave and fragmentation destructive elements. if you were in one of the hangars I would not envy you
2 hangars are simply torn, look at the structure!
and by the way, the video footage shows that before this, at least artillery was operating in this area. Apparently they decided to finish it off.
Fucking-clear!!! Fucking zoom. More often than daytime filming, the video is just,,bomb,,
500 kg of explosive (in a bomb) and missed?!?!??! Yes, 2-5 kg ​​of TNT will tear a subway/trolleybus car to pieces, if you remember. All videos are on YouTube.
It's time to use conventional weapons. Otherwise the freaks will not calm down.
Not enough impact for such a warehouse.
Between two barns. As a result, both are not destroyed, but only easily defeated. Cast iron was spared:?
Why are objects not completely destroyed? What is the point in their partial destruction??
Two buildings with one bomb.
There is no detonation. The goal was not achieved.
I do not understand Russian... :(
Hmm, why didn't you cover it completely? Or is not everything shown simply?
Into the void.
Favorite series
Along the way we hit some greenhouses. Like they’ll tell the militants not to eat and instead die of hunger. Medals are definitely for the pilots.
precision is what you need! what now, when one bomb took out 2 hangars at once, what then at the ammunition depot on the road, 1 bomb and on both sides for departure
And what? One hit between hangars, is that good? Another incomprehensible video.
Great. Two birds with one stone. Shaitanmobiles are definitely in ruins.
Um, maybe the hangars are now in disrepair, but the machines are more or less intact. There was no detonation. One car filled with explosives can destroy one such hangar completely and damage the rest.
The task, as I understand it, is to destroy cars. The first question for the experts is - do you think the car will drive in these hangars? The second question for the experts is - what was the task, destruction of cars or explosives?
Soon in Russia.. not beaten. no crash without mileage in the Russian Federation.
during the explosion you can see smoke flying out of the windows in different directions from the hangars, even from those that are further from the point of impact, I think this is the detonation of 10 cars
Yes, the warehouses are abandoned, they fired for the report.
I am infinitely proud of Russian VKS! Well done boys!
Go Russia!
The video camera has a great resolution, I like it furiously!
two birds with one stone
There are cars with explosives, but there is no detonation :( how is that possible?
1

First!!
