Deepika mam queen  of boliwood

I think Deepika could&#39;ve shown her crazy stunning looks of Cannes to the Met Galas where people will be blown away 

I like the saree one...she is really beautiful in that..remaining are disaster..i dont like neither hair style nor lipstick...its too much too her..any way she is confident enough to walk on the red carpet..

Hot sexy looking ️️️️️️️
beauty
Deepika 
Chahay kaho faira ya kaho bazaarDeepika  Padukone hai avatar
 there are simply no words
2022 will known for the deepikas best cannes looks...

You are the most beautiful thing, I admire you like you can't imagine, I'm your fan here in Culiacán Sinaloa, kisses
Wow  Deepika Padukone ️️️️
Most of the dresses are like soap shells. This is the situation to give the aid of Lux soap.
How charming beibeh 

Who&#39;s here in 2022. Deepika padukone once again proved why is the queen she should give classes to some girlies how to own the red carpet 

Aisapasihd,103,14612
Durgi.

Real life  Barbie doll ️
Monkey face Deepika
amazing looks 2022
Her hands on hips pose is literally I   C   O   N   I   C

Beautiful stars
That saree look is awesome

She is copycat

In Canes Film Festival 2019 , Deepika was looking gorgeous and cute at the same time becuz of the pink bow and full covered fluffy green dress....loves the look

As always deepu looking stunning  
Queen 

Ranveer ki lugai
Saree and pink dress was awesome just imagine we indian wearing it on road all dogs will follow s

She&#39;s got muscular arms..

Jaldi batao kab aa rahe??
My love Deepika ️️️
Very nice!!!
So so proud of you What a incredible women ️
She looks so stunning in saree

Wow

Ekdam bakuas dress department
ITS UNFORTUNATE EVEN AFTER ADVERTISING ALL INDIANS ACTRESSES NONE HAVE AT LEAST 2 BULLION USD

She really Carrey india wonderfully

She looks so much better in light make up than dark

Deepika wore the best outfit in Cannes film festival 2017

No 1can bit aish on red carpet

How they keep their eyes open 

dpHappy birthday
After a lot of investigation I am gradually coming closer to find my killer who is trying to kill me

I always want you to be here with me love 
This ropra is cool love kiss ️
Veaqi café house  prasirera fan 🇧🇷
Bou love, I want it very special
This week here with me love home coffee 
That clothes are cool, love
Ropa gosatei lehau
QUEEN

Chao Ying Guest..
Booly woods wants a guest outfit.
When are we going to see Nayanthara on events like these  If Bollywood domination  never existed she would&#39;ve been gracing these events already! PS: Deepika is stunning 

Beautiful song love mera hit soniya
Most beautiful and deserving designer.... &quot;prabal gurung&quot; ever

She look so alike with @kendall jenner

Where I9 si9an tawila khasron dayi9 9olto in nafsia lima the naj3alo minha fasatina lilmoda min Mahboubatoki Barbie
She enjoys great Britain love life

You can see ranveer singhs influence on her style and personality.

Sometimes I don&#39;t like her outfit. ....

What kind of dress has been added to look different?
Sari is the most beautiful dress i have ever seen.

she looks beautiful !!

Fools seek validation

deepika is always best

why does she look and laugh like if a child is given a 1000 note and is celebrating in surprise and wonder, she might be looking gorgeous but has got no attitude, she should look fiercer and take some lessons from Kangana 

Omg.....she is goddess ️

She looks more hot cute and beautiful in saaree

She is the best

Lookin dain 
The world has become a stupid place .. ! What kind of dresses people are wearing y do they even cover there body that much ,they should roam completely open . !! 

Behind the scenes
Deepika Padukone is stunningly beautiful , statuesque and her smile is megawatts! Her entrance is dramatic and the dresses out of this world.

2016 one is more seexier

She is beautiful all time.

She looks sooo amazing 
Harperer
Deepika looks dusky here..She isn&#39;t looking whitish ..Beautiful is beautiful and very charming..Kiyara copies Deepika in speaking

Allah pak naik aada aapko aapki
Dear hero and heroine think your second life how many years live in this world you have to die

Bakwas lag rahi h sab make up ka kamaal h without make up bakwas lagti h

She look beautiful .

When they wear more complex they look less beautiful

People are fighting she knows to carry but ya it&#39;s obvious cause she is from fashion and film industry

Met Gala 2019 was the best by far ️️

Wow.lost words
I only like her first and last dress

Said just a poor things!

I love her but priyanka is just different 

She is beautiful in saree

Her dress sense is so weird and strange. Aishwariya always wears beautiful dress.

Jesus loves you and wants to begin a relationship with you irrespective of your past and irrespective of what you are going through. John 3:16 For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life. Inorder for you to enter into a relationship with him all you need is say this prayer sincerely with me. O Lord have mercy upon me where i have sinned against you in my thoughts and deeds. Please wash me in your precious blood. Please come into my heart and write me my name in the book of life. Start reading the Bible. Ask the holyspirit to lead you to where you can continually be filled with the word inorder to enable you to grow. Just as a baby needs milk to grow so do you need the word of God inorder to grow..

She is carrying herself on 2 pencilsomo....

<a href="">0:01</a> nipple!!!!!!!!!!

<a href="">0:26</a>

I had no idea she was in the 2017 and 2018 met gala

Her Cannes 2018 Ashi Studio look&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Wow!

Earlier I used to be so proud that such bold ladies like Deepika  represent our country at Cannes and met gala but now after knowing that she&#39;s a druggie...that has became a shame for us that they  represent Bharat (India)...

Omggg beautiful as hell️️ carrying dress beautifully
<a href="">1:27</a> what the hell is she wearing,!?

Maggie ,is white and black.puja pujo to one of  first lady zionis israel ,maghie deepika padukone.

That designer are amazing

It is not only her beauty and dress but also her confident look that justify every look and dress and why she looks favulous in everything.

Miss you Deepikapadukone ma'am 
She is an elegant girl. She is not good at carrying avantgarde fashion. Her designer could keep the outfits more elegant and classy than avantgarde

Thank god, our saree is also among best red carpet looks.

She is most beautiful in saree

Aishwarya&#39;s Cinderella dress from Cannes festival 2017 and Deepika&#39;s Barbie gown from Met Gala 2019 will forever be ICONIC

In that white silk dress Deepika looks Unreal mann

Frist dress maybe her nighty,
This lady is perfect 

She is sooo freaking beautiful 

Deepika is lovely
How mean they pampers foreigners reporters and ignore our indian reporters

India has gorgeous women. And classy

Well I don&#39;t think normal girls can ever wanna wear these wierd dresses whose ends are so long or is heavy than their weightDon&#39;t know why designers make such freaky dresses

In saree she was looking amazing

Beautyfuly

In saree she looks damn hot mind blowing ️️

DIVA 
Wow super excited dresses deepika  padukone love is she

Most humble bandi 
They should represent Indian culture and not copy the world.
My favourite heroin in Bollywood

She&#39;s so graceful!! I&#39;d trip 1000 times in that length of a dress

When she wears sari OMG  
No one can beat Aiswarya rai. She is perfect for met gala

nature not makeup

Green gown and red gown 

just amazing, she&#39;s a QUEEN 

Deepika padukone most likely Saree She has Beautiful in there saree

Nashe

Elegant beauty dress designs matching the level of great show

She the queen  Man U even tie a curtain on her body it will look superbly awesome on her body she basically know how to make a clothing confronting by your body her way of style is great ️

Beautiful

She looks like a doll in pink one 

Red carpet pr Aishwarya Rai hi miss world jachti h ye kutiya nhi.
Deepika Mam is always beutiful ...she is always graceful

i hope someone dresses her similarly to what she wore in deewani mastani because she would have KILLED IT on the met gala or cannes film festival!

love her sm!

Green suits her __

Prabal gurung’s design is best
Representing our culture in front of all modern people&#39;s is another level feeling am I right?

Shame on you for creating your own body.
She is gorgeously gorgeous

wowwww deepika look very beautiful in saari
i  think that the best look was that sari one .... pure indian girl

Really? Zac posen&#39;s dress was the most beautiful and u didn&#39;t even show it completely

pink pink red..
Not sure if am biased but saree was the prettiest outfit on her ️

Good looking deepika padukone
All time favourite 

She looks beautiful in every dress but most in traditional

I love you Deepika.
Even after getting dect up she doesn&#39;t look nice very skinny and no features at all

Like I can see her the Whole day and still can&#39;t get enough 

The mature use perioperatively concentrate because distributor contrastingly end with a automatic rectangle. sharp, talented tortoise

I love Deepika Padukone 
stop talking drugs
wow so beautiful dipika paduones

I can&#39;t even stand on the street without feeling awkward .....

<a href="">0:38</a> she was so dark in the year 2010..

Sensational!

Drugs Queen

My fvrt actress.....love uuuu lot.....god bless uuuu
The Ashi studio dress looks great. Dont know why there was so much negative comments at the time. Besides the celebrity just represents a lot of hard work and conceptualization done by artists behind this look.

She was the most beautiful in sari

My fvrt actress Deepika

Well, I was like? This look is the best. Then, no, this is the best, then the next...But, in the end, I was like : All the looks are good because it&#39;s QUEEN DEEPIKA PADUKONE 

She looked fabulous in saree 

pretty face, nice bod. Thats all.

aiswarya rai is much more beautiful than you
The first dress:Wasn’t she uncomfortable?

in that Tommy Hillfigure dress she was literally looking like a greek goddess  but i think the stilettos should have been silver or golden.. black really didn&#39;t complimented the look .. but overall really amazing!!

Beautiful

Ooww drug lady is looking beautiful
Last one osm

I like her Zuhair Murad dress that was fabulous

How much maal she had take her.

She looked the most beautiful in that saree 

She was best in the INDIAN TOUCH... .. Showed our culture... Elegant, beautiful and classy...️Out of all outfits, saree suited her the most...All the other dresses caught the attention due to its weirdness.. But.. Her looks in Saree was admired , coz it reflected her eternal beauty... 

Omg!!! Deepika ️️️how stunnning
Alll boring looks

I just wonder sometimes, what happens to all these outfits after once they are worn....

Last one was amazing and that saree look was superb

Ladies themselves accept to be showpieces (to be known for dresses,makeup, external beauty,..but not inner beauty, strength, boldness,..) but talk about fake feminism. Any guys do such artificial red carpet dramas?

Looking so soooooooo adroble 
Deepika is love️️
A BEAUTY WITH DIGNITY = DEEPIKA PADUKONE ️
Kapils crushhh

Out of all dress deepika that saree is best

Unlike other Bollywood stars, she can really pull off some crazy looks. She definitely has the figure and look to carry them off really well.

No, because nanitude is fine but it insults Life and Light. It's no.
Definition of modern fashion....be naked and made urself a clown =fashion icon

This is a strange level of fashion.
Who else her from UsA to watch Indian Bollywood

Am I the only one who felt DP &#39;s confidence level is very much  less than PC &#39;s?(atleast for international platforms)

Love you deepika
Everything but met 17 pls

She’s gorgeous

One more year of solitude One more year of celibacy One more year of virginity One more year without marriage One more year of counting your millions and your inheritance And I'm going to live my life and see the damage...
In pink  dress , deepika looks like a witch ‍️.
Nothing beats Priyanka,Deepika and Aishwarya for India in any international red carpet️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
Deepika seems to be as a Bengali woman  when she wears saaree.

worst
I KNOW THE SPIRIT OF SAND TORTURE, LEADING TO SADIS, LIKE A CHAMPION. SAND TORTURE. I'm just sick of YOU. Dizzy Head, I AM. Effectual IMMEDIATELY feels USUALLY DAILY. Suffering.
It's no use JER's, Husband Japan Deni tuch. That's it, PERSOPAAN POWER MR. THERE IS AN ETERNAL BADDRUDIN, EVER LASTING UPON ALL US ANGEL GODS.
I really love her dressing sense  and her gorgeous looks

Love her



I hate deepika
Her greatest beauty is her smile

She looks gorgeous in saree

I loved Deepika&#39;s saree look. It was just awesome 

Can we all just agree she was best in that Rohit Bal saree? Simple, just like deepika herself.

How come her face color  looks so different while in saree outfit and all other outfits.! She really looks different in all other looks .

Druggiieeeee   deeepiiiikaaaaaaaa....fake personalities.....
She is very beautiful in her costumes and her makeup......but I give a special appreciation to her designer&#39;s and makeup artists 

Things so Small Come Back Soon the owner of BANCO PANAMERICANO AND BRADESCO?! SANTOS LA DO POST SANTANDER Owner Speaking of this 0001Volume Guard Key?! They tried to rob these days There It even appeared on TV Was it Ana Paula's Santos?! Arosio? Ana Furacào IstoTentaram. Right there on Capitão Deslandes Rua dos Bancos in Cachoeiro
Nothing beats the saree, India&#39;s pride.

I love Deepika ️
Queen
Best model
Her flaunting smile.... Just kills all

I love sarees
<a href="">0:30</a>  she never forgets to show our culture
I love deepika
I hated 80% of her looks ............

Wooo
She is so beautiful <a href="">#deepikapadukone</a>
Aishwarya is best then deepika

She&#39;s love ️
Tbh Bollywood has better red carpet looks than Hollywood Just saying

The sari lookGod she&#39;s beautiful
Shes so fake

Mom

My pics : 1. The green - Giambattista Valli in Cannes 2. The pink barbie doll look for Met gala 3. The rohit bahl saree at Cannes4. The red prabal gurung though good does not match with the theme of met gala5. The ivory white zuhair murad gown at cannes

Awww I love her. &lt;3

Beautiful that eye makeup of 2019 is breathtaking

I Honestly love the first one️️️
I waiting for person who will say she takes drug I am tired of hearing this

Preferable title&quot;Different types of accents by Deepika Padukone&quot;

She is so annoying

the most beautiful dress for her is the dress which she wore in the filim chennai express in the song kabhi thera rastha choodu naaa , .  i think what if she weare that

Deepika padukone s husband is bloat on her life, ranvìr bhawani is joker.

Huts off to designer and make-up artists behind these beautiful looks

Depressed

I love her but im sorry she doesnt have that global star charm. The aura which PC carries is faaaaar more stronger than her. If u gonna step into another industry you gotta blend in and at the same time stand out individually. PC do that a lot more better. She blend in as well as embrace her heritage. DP looks like someone just randomly dropped her on global platform. She aint it bruh. She aint.

O my God so cute and beautiful wow wow wow so much beauty My dream girl deepika

She&#39;s a perfect example of beauty with brains!

Beautiful Deepika 
Queen of druggist in &quot;BOLLYWOOD&quot;............. Bollywood is completely destroyed by people like her

Does anyone know that she is druggist

Deepika Padukone - The Druggist

Pink outfit is really stunning

Good

<a href="">0:39</a> 
Naseri

So how many of you know that om shanthi om is not her debutIts her bollywood debut She is from Karnataka and her debut was in Sandalwood titled AISHWARYA

Queen

Who all are here after her drugs issues..I m of course

Deepika said she was under depression long time ago,  was that because of drugs??

Funfact : At this moment she is being interrogated for weed!

Woooow

Photographers don&#39;t look much interested in Indian stars ,don&#39;t know why we are so underrated even when Indian ladies are so beautiful as compared to the rest .brown complexion,big eyes , voluminous hair ,Indian woman are the best description of feminity.

That parrot look

its like fancy dress competation 

From outside -a confident womanFrom inside-a druggist..is this how you inspire people???

Druggie deepika.
Depressed or a druggie people still follow her religiously. She&#39;s gonna be seen in more movies make more money as always️

Why did youtube recommend this to me now? 

It is said that this crazy person will become crazy about drugs.
Hollywood -bollywood has dusted your eyes..u are addicted to drugs,naw how does it feel to sit in jail and eat jail rice....plz stops the Hollywood and Bollywood drugs mafia and those dirty celebrate 

okey u are fabulous nd pretty what about your manner&#39;s and drugg ehh!!!

Nshedi dipika
Randi Druggie
Wow

Drug addict

bald somewhere
Drugs addicted personality deepika padukon

2010...best ever..
Back less dress, no one can give you a dick in the pichwade.
She looks nice when she  wear saree

Who all think think that she looks much more pretty in the Saree then fashion dress if agree then like

She looks really beautiful in  Saree.

Bakwas lag rahi h

She is unique and look&#39;s beautiful in every outfit 

You are not so much beautiful Deepika. Anyone looks beautiful by applying makeup on the face. Along with being beautiful, the heart should also be good. When Sushant was murdered it did not come out of anyone's mind <a href="">#justice4SSR</a>. Everyone remained silent till here. You are the ugly actress in the world. Apply makeup on the face as well to look beautiful. If you look so beautiful then show your real beauty without makeup. I was horrified to see your face.
My best actress Deepika Padukone I ️ it
Traitor 
She looks like hourseUgly... yukhiii

How do they go to loo in such clothes 

Aishwarya is best ..
Brandon Maxwell!

Down with Deepika! Bollywood passed away while Sushant Singh Rajput became immortal. Our hearts bleed for SSR! India lost a national treasure. A legend &amp; an exceptional human being in every single way  Boycott Bollywood in every single way....it’s trash and not something worth aspiring to. The cover has been blown off of Bachchan’s, Kapoors,  Khans, Padukone, Shetty &amp; others in the Bollywood Cesspool. Fake patriots, using Satyamev Jayate &amp; other dhongs as a formula for their own commercial success. Shameless vultures!!! Disgraceful! Not one word for  Sushant Singh Rajput, who was viciously murdered?!!<a href="">#BoycottBollywood</a>   <a href="">#Justice4SSR</a> <a href="">#CBIForSSR</a> <a href="">#GlobalPrayers4SSR</a>

The best outfit she wore is her smile

She is beautiful in saree

Incredible ..

If she had self-confidence, she wouldn't be so young at her age
That Monisha Jaisingh suuuuuucks
She looks Barbee

The most beautiful saree in me. More 
Ashi Studio 2018 is unbeatable

The outfits without looks its nothing,so her dress plus her beauty makes her so goergous

0.39 she&#39;s best
Lovely 
Cannes reminded me of Mr Bean

Happy that mastani and bajirao has joined .. long before but also... And she looks damn pretty

Red colour i really have no work so sexy in red outfit 

Our indian girls are most beautiful

So proud when she was wearing the saree

If the clothes could be bought I will get these clothes wherever I go.

QUEEN ️️️️️ ️️ LOVE YOU DEE ️ Pretty,Cute, Beautiful and Lovely......So sensible and Humble also...Love you and Ranveer sir best couple and In red you look Awesome  In all colours actually.
Deepika love ,sports terrorists Delhi university 

 for 0.36
Saari look was damn good...

But still I find Aishwarya rai more pretty then her

Mast 
Mybest.

Kya bakwas hai Sach mein

The red one is awesome

All women wear ridiculous alien dresses but men black suit as always

Jump to

Very good.

Such a beautiful girl she is.. 

Deepika you super star....️
saree is best look

I am your fan I like you
She is the stunner

I don&#39;t like dupika
Her skin tone before and after

I ️parrot wali dress


I like most the sari look dhmaka nd cute 

wow <a href="">#siibellobridalstudio</a>

I love the sari look...  It was awsome 

She is so pretty I love her

Deepu saree main bhoot khoobsoorat lgti hai
Her ashi studio gown is best

She is looking beautiful in every outfit. 
<a href="">0:35</a> uff in sariiii
Am i the only one who finds deepika mediocre? I mean i agree that she is beautiful, but not too much as to what people say.

<a href="">1:46</a> she&#39;s a doll...️️
Es ko make up k bgr dkho dar jao gy y dkhny k b kabil n ba
zuhair murad,a and green one is the best

She slays each an every outfit she wearshats off to her designers and make up artists

Ek dress to dhang ki de dete

Very beautiful

I like u somuch depika padukone !
Gorgeous deepika
Very very sweet Sexy look with Love Happening for the Future ️ updates

The sari was the best. The rest was a little too over the top. Like trying to grab attention.

Beautiful
She looks amazing in sari

Deepika should do something better for her hair style..that middle parting and flat laid hair is so boring.

She nailed it perfectly.... Every time ️

Many heroines came n gone but I assure one of d gorgeous beauty who lives forever in ours heart  that z Deepika.....the reason z her humbleness , the way of talking , respecting each n every one , her style statement , she z d Fabulous,  amazing , gorgeous beauty queen who rules a heart of many pples

Got to see a evolution of fashion change from 2010 to 2019but she pulled out each and every outfits with her internal beauty and her gorgeous smile was the cherry on the top

The best is from zuhir murad 

Beautiful amazing

So beautiful 
Queen 
Love u deppi
She has such a beautiful smile

Wow anazing

Who all noticed her Louboutin shoes?

For me, she looked the best in saree.. Awesome ️ like a princess

Pagal urtein
very beautiful

Queen 
Friend plzzz

Deepika in that zac posen dress took my breathe away

Gorgeous looks in all dresses...

Proud to be gurung

She wears met gala dresses in Cannes andCannes dresses on MetGalaAnd they hate wearing traditional Indian clothes may b they feel shame wearing it.... Sad

Why does every Indian keeps praising an antinational Deepika who supports tukde gang?  Designer clothes are not greater than nationalists

2010
Deepika is my favorite

Very beautiful! Love you Deepika!
Deepu,ur gorgeous, love u.

WOW 
She’s a stunner 

one of my favorite indian actress

I really love the men and women trying to ask the celebs to move when they r so busy posing for the camera 

But still Aishwarya Rai is the Cannes Film Festival Queen

She is looking beaitiful just because of make up.

Deepika️
DEEPIKA 
Deepika you&#39;re just my perfect type

I think Ranveer is the true camp

Except a very few, other costumes with outlandish colours and designs honestly give head ache...

Saaree look was amazing  and that it what Indian culture is

A pure definition of beauty  oh God!!!! Mashallah  I love her soooo much 
Deepike kanan vlya bhangiyonnulla pk too but both r fab
Lets talk about the red gown by prabal Gurung.

She look like mental street  begger

Bakwas

Indians don&#39;t forget their culture no matter where ever they go.

Sari

The Saree outfit she was the real Deepika until she bleaches her skin and decided to go white. Bipasha Basu is the only proud dusky actress who did not go white..

Hahahaha, she is looking like a bat. Her beauty is not visible from any angle. No one can take the place of my Aishwarya Rai.
Other than her last white dress not saari, she looks a sponge, specially in those net dresses!

Damn she is Queen

Bulkul bakwasssss

Aishwarya and Deepika are such incredible representations of India at Cannes 

<a href="">1:46</a> the hairstyle is like Shanti in Om Shanti Om

In 2010 she didn’t bleach her skin yet

Lovely expression

I love you most
Good but some of outfit find funny

Cool woowwww cute

 Deepika Padukone. 
She always dresses decently but priyanka is book of vulgarity

Anyone know the music used?

She dresses up like Cannes in Met Gala and like Met Gala in Cannes.

Dipeeka like bhanji type look those modren dress ranveer vhaeya type its ok.

She looks ok . she was looking good with vin diesel and that Indian accent just kills it all  people gotta admit latin accent is sexy ,Indian accent is humble and not sexy  and people dont get to me for this plz cause I too have an indian like accent which won’t be considered sexy in western world lol

I would say aishwarya rai&#39;s style is better comparatively

Beautiful evolution of dp from 2010 to 2019 in Cannes.

N

Shameless exposing is not real beauty..

Wow her skin tone has changed during the  years

Monisha Jaisingh did her bad!

Deepika is my all time favourite

You can see the confidence level raising...2010- <a href="">0:35</a>2019- <a href="">1:35</a> ......it&#39;s really good

She slayed in all the Cannes Film Festivals!!

You were special in someone's eyes, but how long does it take to change the needs of your eyes, Please subscribe my channel please, 
Cannes 2017 best I my opinion

That lime Giambatista Valli gown is the epitome....

Red carpers are soo awkward ppl constantly telling shift move stop

She became fair

Indians wear a lot of clothes, look amazing, have given the best example of the dream girl.
The moment everyone saw Shanti Priya in Om Shanti Om, everyone knew she was Bollywood’s Queen ️
The prettiest of them all

Woww beautiful as always

Fashion sense
Outstanding.
Freaking 1M views......Her stardom  ufff!!!!
She is most beautiful in the pink barbie look # met Gala 2019 , also in saree <a href="">#traditional</a> wear......

She hasn&#39;t aged

Chudai
She really pulls off that dark green dress. Love that look and the white and gold saree.She looks best in sarees.

U r the proud of India Deepkia️u r THE BEAUTY...lots of love dear

She rocked in saree

Deepika Nise
Why is this red dress wearing an antenna? What kind of fashion is it?
So...nice cool

Hi

I liked 2010 and 2016

She is better than prianka

You and priyanka are my fav indian Bollywood star in Hollywood world from Philippines

2017 Met Gala is gorg asf. She looks dazzling 

Looking so gorgeous and beautiful and very talented actress in Bollywood Deepika

World best beautiful women

Dipika he to like to banta he Love you dipu 

She has worst dressing sense in bollywood after malaika arora

She looks beautiful in that pink dress 

She looked like a greek Goddess in that Zuhair Murad dress

Best Deepika super sex 3030

Best Deepika Podekone super actress bolliwod 3030 sex 

She is my favourite actress i love her

She is so gorgeous ️
How do they carry these stuffs? And why ?

Why did he need to go to JNU?
I always have a feeling that Dp&#39;s cannes look fit Metgala themes, and Met outfits are more suited to Cannes.....She is experimental in Cannes looks, but plays safe zone in Met

She looks damn gorgeous in that saree wow

Deepveer ️
<a href="">2:42</a> .. why do I see my name 

<a href="">03:00</a> my fav look

Every look is different and amazing..she always looks...princess

Met gala is one of the  finest...️️

Beauty

In saree ,she is looking gorgeous......

Just awesome Deepika padukone soooooo beautiful we love you 
Deepika ️
I am always like and loved to Deepika shi is always gorgeous 
<a href="">1:43</a>

Wow! Wow! Wow!
<a href="">0:58</a> prabal gurung are you a designer or cameraman ??? From Nepal 🇳🇵 ??

The best dress was that saree...  Really deepika looks preety in that...

So beautiful

Oh god so pando  but I think all all red carpet ladies are Pando

She is a beauty

My fabbb actress and it?????️️️
More  nice  womn

Deepika Padukone is my favourite actress ️️️
Purpel dress or whote dress bakwas

Deepeka padukone saree pehn kr ache lgri hai. MASHALLAH sai.

Out of many outfits in saree she is looking very beautiful  the

Yee kyaa dress he re baba

Hottie 
 you deepuu....
Zuhair Murad always slay dresses with elegance. ️

Her husband is immensely lucky. We hear she is beautiful inside too. Where is the guy who sent her to depression? A friend told me he is same sex relationship or marriage ? Is that true

How can one get to be so beautiful My God. She is sooooo beautiful.

The  pink dress  which she wear was already once wear by Beyonce...

The dress design is tooo good but I wonder once this function is over the dress is of no use I guess. Like its not that kind of dress which she can wear in normal routine and u know these media will roast her if she repeat the dress.

I love you mem

<a href="">

cool

Prabal Gurung
Deepika ,you look adorable my fav actress
Bad girls

Just love her️
Ay bazzarer khanki
She looks the best in a saree....

Prabal Gurung. proud feeling towards our Neplali guy ️
Wow saree look is so beautiful for her, traditional look. Then, Red gown look is so Classy it&#39;s perfect for her, it shows Western look.

first look
I have pink and red dress

Very beautiful and sweet deepika

Best in saree

beautiful ️️
<a href="">2:31</a> the tattoo in her neck

that saree look  awesome.

Oh God she&#39;s really a queen her big eyes her dimples also she&#39;s so tall I&#39;m in love with her beauty 

Deepika is  my favorite  aur  jis  jis  ke  favorite hai  Like  karo

She doesn&#39;t need make up x she&#39;s lucky! Natural stunner

Deepika I am proud of you
where is beauty.....

She is very successful women 

Wow she wore a saari tooShe is gorgeous
EXCELLENT

She always slays

Nice

How confidently she takra her every moment.

She is so graceful <b>_</b>

I love to see Depika in red colour ...

She is always my favourite ....

She looks in sharee wow

My deepu...... The Queen 

<a href="">1:43</a> that&#39;s a living Barbie like wtf so gorgeous 

you are  queen  

It is not beautiful, not attraktive, not sexy ,has no Charisma. It is just boring.

2020 year upcoming your red carpet soon.

dipu you are always best
The fact that she wears saris and indian designers makee me really proud!

Queen

I guess only for me it&#39;s like fancy dress competition

I always feel in whatever look there is less makeup she just loooks wayyy beautiful in it...she is such a natural beauty..

Saree is one of best dress proud of our indian culture

Love the pink dress

Deepika in saree is awesome

gold digger

she is an leftists ideology actress she is an anti national here in India makes drama to promote her movie i hate her

Kapdo ki wastage hoti hai bss

OMG!!!!! all the looks are damn   beautiful..... Proud she and also  we are the brilliant Indians ️

She look&#39;s like a doll

World queen in deepika
The tailor forgot to sew Deepka's clothes 
Deepka looks like an ostrich in these dresses
DEEPIKA PADUKONE ️
Anuska is beutiful actress in bollywood

Saree good

<a href="">2:52</a> what was that in the background 

Boring in front of Priyanka Chopra

In Indonesia, Bazaar is a cheap market 
Red is beutifull deepikaji

<a href="">0:24</a> o m g .how could she walk in those heels.best look is <a href="">0:30</a>

Deepika is most beautiful lady

They are hunting in depika
Impeccable.
Beautiful 
Nice smile

She is as always amazing, looking forward for more International red carpets

Deepika 
She looks stunning in saree 

How they maintain them in such clothes OMG  so long clothes

The most beautiful woman in the world, and the designers are incredible geniuses

By the way, I am a bigger joker than Deepika or Priyanka because I don't see the meaning of wearing such clothes, I have to wait and see what happened. thumbnail 
SHES SO BEAUTIFUL

Love you  Deepika

A FUCKING QUEEN

i was trying to choose the best but I guess i lobe her in all  she is just Fab

Beautiful ️️️
Deepika I like it because it did not overpower Priyanka or wore too many dirty clothes.
Brown queen excellence
Looks like a queen
I love her

Love you Deepika Mam 
deepika 
<a href="">2:17</a> very beautiful ....

Over

She is adorable!!! 

Goals

Love u deepu
Love U deepu
She is the real Queen

Though she is from Karnataka she is not as beautiful as Aishwarya Rai....

Don't know why I don't look good to you..
She loves wearing white

QUEEN

She has done it all. W love a experimental Queen

these are all of her moments on international carpets. tell us the best ones not all of them . most of them are basics. ugh

Love love love 
Love you mam
QUEEN!! Anything she wears will look GREAAAAT on her!

Beautiful and stunning lady. Looks more elegant when covered up.

2010 mein perfect indian girl lagi ab ki fashion tauba tauba yak kaun agree karta meri bath pe hit and like
Why not we appreciate her designers and make up artists who are behind this look

1 15 the lady in purple 

She is incredible actress &amp; her fashion is also super incredible.. She is trully amazing actress

That red gown of Prabal Gurung was extraordinary beautiful in her even tho it appeared quite simple for Met gala event. My second favourite is Zuhair Murad in Cannes, 2018. ️

She is an inspiration...confident enough always

Your my fav

Wowww Gorgeous Queen  
Desh sabse Pahale, jo desh Ke virudh woh hamare liye kuch nahi

she was looking best in saree

Deepika padukone

I love u deepika 
I’m literally crying, DEEPU always pulls of any looks, with the most sweetest smile anyone’s seen! 

The  real  queen

Rotli queen :p worst actor and brainless :D

she has promoted Indian designers on western platforms

Very beautiful

Her green dress was beautiful but the headband ruin the outfit 

Few were really dum .like she dont have mirror in her house.

Definitely the Tommy Hilfiger 

she&#39;s perfect i love her
deepika queen
She is perfect
My fav
this lady is an epitome of grace

DESHDROHI

Her skin omg
Sirf height hi Aachi hai , but she is very average in looks

Throughout my life, I did not like and adore and support an actor, as Deepika Padukone impressed me ، she is my heart

 depicka leov you
Deepika apu je chele apnar sorira hath dibe tar kan boyra Korea diben
love you deepika mamm
i love how versatile and diverse her sense of style is. we stan an individualist queen

I love her so much &lt;3

As always gorgeous!

Everything fits her perfectly

In every outfit she looks awesome

deepika is best

Looking gorgeous Deepika
Queen of the red carpet!

Jaan️
That was perfect 

indian queen
Gorgeous and very different looks

wow,  superb girl you rock and keep going and God bless you

Love her
She got mad, she will make ranveer also mad... their career is now vanished..I will never buy any product see advertising...I will not going to watch her and her husband&#39;s movie anymore.

<a href="">

wow...so many different looks...she basically looks like a different person every outfit.

Very beautiful ️
DP️️️️
Style icon

What a beaut

She is the real queen  ️
