It feels completely different...
Schaller, I hope YOU saw this too and never sleep again!
I'm a bit sick. But the video is very good. .I'm glad my friends were late, otherwise they would have come right in there. My God, so many people and the noise. . I found it extremely tight in Berlin and Dortmund. But steering so many people through a piss tunnel is incomprehensible to me. That would have been a 4. year old already knew. Remember all victims, helpers and relatives. .
I think it's good that someone documented what happened, but today every idiot would use the word "gaffer" because that's what the media tells us
Terrible... ;( :((
Fuck organizers and cops, you all belong in jail, 10 people to a cell.
It is quite possible that the boy with the black Eastpack is Dennis, who contributed to his own death by climbing over the masses. He fell forward and can no longer be seen in the photographs
Is the young woman from minute <a href="">1:48</a> Svenja? Surely she's dead as pale as she is, right?
You don't forget something like that, even after decades. It's good that this evidence of the failure and ruthless attitude of a certain entrepreneurial spirit is still online. Whitewashing is thus anticipated. From my own experience at another event, I can only say the following about the process of such a crowd: being wedged in and under breathtaking pressure from all around you, you no longer have the opportunity to make any decision, but instead become a plaything of natural laws and animal behavioral automatisms. So much for the rehabilitation of those directly affected, who were accused by some of being reckless. My participation for everyone who still suffers from it today!
what exactly is this? I don't understand it somehow...
Why are they dead now? Don't I check?
Still terrible 6 years later
It's a damn shame!!!!
It's been 6 years since this terrible event...when I see the pictures everything comes back, the screams, the pressure...thank God we climbed over a light pole, over the wall, but when you're standing there helpless at the top, you can see everything You have to look at it and you can't do anything, it's just terrible!! I will never forget my condolences to the victims and their survivors as long as I live
They had to open those fucking hences !! I would have destroyed everything to let people pass. Poor people who died :-(

It is important that such a terrible crime and misfortune is filmed and published. for warning and remembrance. The organizers are clearly to blame. They should be trained and taught how people behave in crowds and in panic. Less profit-oriented organizers would not have allowed this catastrophe. I'm sorry for everyone affected. something like this must never happen again. Before I attend any major event, I will look into the emergency plan as much as possible. Even in strange buildings, I always like to look at the floor plan with the emergency exits. I also advise that to all my friends. for next time.
unfassbar!!!!

very bad organization and rightly so that it is no longer going ahead! They should be very ashamed, they should have opened the gates much sooner, it's a shame
You just can't get these images out of your head! Rest in peace to those affected!!
In Bochum they had already rejected the Love Parade because they were unsure about the location and this reaction alone should have given Duisburg something to think about. I don't know who was ultimately to blame. It's a chain of events and it may sound bad, but what remained in the end was fear, panic and the will to survive. I don't know what I would have been like... :((
Thanks for the video! Of course it's a bit shocking to see real people in such a situation, but it makes you realize the extent of it and I feel incredibly sympathetic. I could cry when I see people in a party mood who have no idea what awaits them. :((
All the best!
Does this matter here? His profile suggests such a background, with his 1312, ACAB... like next to it. Besides, Knaeckebrotsäge was there and calling him and perhaps those he lost drug-addicted Tekkers who deserve nothing less should not expect a rational comment in response. Considering everything, you still have to deal with something like that...
How can you say something like that?!
Something must have gone wrong... I don't think you have enough education to assume you know what a mass panic is. But for people who know you, there is Wikipedia etc, so google it. It's really sad that you appear so inhumane here!
To this day I can't understand how stupid you can be. In Bochum the Love Parade would have taken place on Königsallee or Universitätsstrasse...big, wide streets with lots of alternatives to side streets...how could you come up with the idea of ​​doing something like that on a site To relocate? Just for this and for the permits, organizers, city officials and representatives of the fire department and police have to go to prison, four of them in a standing cell!
And no one really wanted to bear responsibility for this catastrophe!
I still find it sad that such a once wonderful event came to such a cruel end. I was at the LP in Berlin in 197/1999 and 2002, and it should have stayed there. Anyone who was at the LP back then knows exactly that you can't fence in such a mega party.


i dont understand why all the pushing?

if it get completely full...you wont get in the crowd right? i will stand still.

Who starts pushing?

Maybe someone can explain me?



In a situation like this, no one would think about it!
I'm really at a loss for words =(!!


Thanks for the video, it shows you how quickly everything can get out of control and also that people should defend themselves when cops, security etc. are talking shit. It's not normal how disorganized you were when dealing with such a huge crowd...
idiots


What do you have to CENSORE about it????? -.-


Finally someone who SHOWS the fact!!!! Man, I'm really ashamed of Germany's censorship everywhere!


This is the reality of what you see on the video and the people are just as much to blame as the police/security forces who "FAILED" in the matter. Have !!!!!!!!!
s video fuck hard. But what's even more frustrating is that none of those responsible are still in jail!
Just shut the fuck up. If you have no idea then just be quiet!
You're right, a shot like that certainly has a calming effect on an already panicked crowd...
*ironieoff*

I think what happened here is terrible, but what I think is great is the moral courage of these drug-using tekkers. So many of the Revers tried to help, even though they were probably in shock themselves. These people have my utmost respect.
fuck you !!!


what kind of spade are you?
I was able to experience everything myself, I also think it's good that videos like this show what it really was like. (as already indicated above) I don't know why the city of Duisburg as well as the mayor, etc. could only approve something like that, but now it's over for the dead of the LP anyway. But if everything had gone well, everyone would say, oh, they organized it well, etc. However, you can see the bad things that Duisburg does, from them Good things are not reported, like sick care.
It's been 2 years today. R.I.P.
oh my god...how bad and terrible...how could something like this happen! really bad and sad, poor people...
krankes kind ehy spinnst du oder was



No joke, a little warning shot or something like that would have helped! so that at least there is no jostling around!
It's really good that the video is still online, but I like it. Pressing doesn't support the joy of the dead, but makes the video even better known. So don't "I don't like it!" you all misunderstood the “like” thing.
I was there too....such a sad day....the ambulances driving by for hours non-stop was soo depressing!!!

I'm glad I didn't go back then, especially since I still had a heart condition that could have been life-threatening if my heart suddenly started racing.
My condolences to all relatives and those affected
Very terrible what happened there. I'm very sorry for all the victims. I wish you all the best in the rest of your life!
It's just terrible, tears come to my eyes fuck :&#39;( unfortunately that was the bitter truth!
@texvern I'm surprised that Rainer Schaller is &quot;legally clean&quot; is (so far):
Does money rule the world?
@ingolo100 she died in the hospital 2 days later. :-(
I still find it very beautiful how all these people, who were all in the same boat in their desperation and pain, simply forgot who they knew and who they didn't know in their hour of need and afterwards. Everyone was helped there, everyone helped everyone, all these people protected each other, helped each other up, complete strangers who knew that they had to stick together here. I found that admirable!
But no one knows about the side of the stairway!?
The blatant thing was that I simply didn't notice anything about it, but I think it's better that way because otherwise there would have been more panic on the premises
Whow, I'm absolutely exhausted after watching the video, but I think it's good that it was posted THAT way. Especially after the debate about who was to blame


people have already died
3 The police
The police behaved incorrectly in that they made police lines and then used violence over nothing, and then the police SHOULD have tried somehow to send the people they were still waiting to get into the Love Parade back home and then If they had those cars that were driving around, they would have had to take the microphones and warn the people, that's my conclusion
In my opinion it is quite obvious who is to blame here:
Namely the police, the organizers and the security
1. The organizer
The organizer didn't protect the area enough and there should have been proper loudspeaker systems, which didn't really exist
2 Die Security
The security let more and more people in at the front and later opened all the gates so that people could flow in unhindered and the ramp became more and more crowded
sorry guys but if you like this video you're not really close anymore!!
Commemoration without Sauerland and Schaller
@Jumping81 

Sauerland and Schaller belong....I say go to jail, and MC Fit should be broken up to compensate the victims........
@Jumping81 

I was at my first Love Parade in Berlin when I was 16 in '98 and was at every one of them until 2002. When I think about some of the fucked up situations I was in today, for example I think in 2001 it was so hot that people around me were falling over in rows , clouds of dust were drifting out of the Tiergarten towards the Victory Column, and I was almost in a state of panic, I was sometimes standing on 30-50cm high mountains of rubbish... and then you want to push a mass of people through the tunnel...
Thanks for the video. It helps to educate, to feel and to show the world that something like this should never happen again. Not that the Love Parade should be banned. But that all those guilty are found guilty and that such poor execution will never happen again. For the most part, these stupid polo labels were arranged and opened completely incorrectly.
The woman at 1:53 is dead or powerless
Thanks that the video is still online!!!
It shows what it is supposed to show - without sugarcoating!
because THAT'S EXACTLY how it was!
I will never forget!

I'm still afraid in large gatherings of people. The first glance is scanning the escape routes...
R.I.P my lovely

I was right in the middle of it and I assume that those you see lying on the floor made it. the dead were further ahead...
my god
@TheNeesh88 if my info doesn't lie then she couldn't be revived. May she rest in peace and the guilty suffer!
My condolences to all the victims and the families of the victims:
They couldn't have imagined that many people were drunk and climbed up the wall - a catastrophe that shouldn't happen again!
sad .. 

the new tribalism

I would also like to stand up for the gentleman with the purple wig, who helped tirelessly as soon as he arrived on the ramp, as you can see in other videos from rkjorge70, for example. I also take my hat off to the lonely Schupo, he too fought to the point of exhaustion for human lives! I hope that both of them are doing well and can process the experiences. For me you are heroes! Thanks.
By the way, we are still looking for photos, videos &amp; Eyewitness reports
loveparade2010doku.wordpress(.)com/


Unfortunately, many YouTubers have now taken their videos down again. My request to everyone: leave them in, even if they seem unimportant to you!
Thank you &amp; Greetings :o)


@superweteringt I'm afraid so.... :o(
@Knaeckebrotsaege I just answered a question. You can't testify whether I was there or not, can you? Did you see me there? And please explain why what I wrote is such “big nonsense”. is. Idiot.
Hopefully Mc-Fit goes bankrupt...
You're not allowed to make the videos but it's still good so you can see how intense it was :((
My sincere condolences to all the bereaved.
Such a catastrophe must never happen again.


I say thank you to all those who helped
This is really crazy. Everyone should come through this little tunnel?! Not even half the number of people would have made it through! It's terrible that it had to come to this :(! I only have one question when you're in this crowd, so I wouldn't think of making a video, I'd be panicked or scared too! You were no panic?
@Bilalol3 it was around 35°C and most of them were drunk, if not on drugs and then some realized that they wanted to get out. But it wasn't possible because there was no room for this mass of people. And that's when panic broke out. Panic + alcohol + heat = you'll pass out if you can't tolerate it well. In addition, some simply stumbled and were overrun. Well, if 100 people walk around on you, you'll faint at first... I hope I could help!
It's unbelievable that none of the pigs responsible for this disaster have yet been convicted! The swine of this world stick together, let's stick together too, people!


Thanks to the filmmaker for documenting the events. My deepest condolences to all the bereaved.
what actually happened?? Can someone explain to me why they're just so "unpowerful"? have fallen?
@DaRichmen I agree with you, but I have to say such nonsense with "you're a Belgian who can't look anywhere else???" be?
I'm shocked at all these young people....:-(((((
Appreciation to everyone who came to celebrate and then gave their all to help and save lives!!!
Oh my God :(
I'm still curious as to whether it's been over 100 days.
I'm also doing my school homework on it. Can I use excerpts from your video? Can you send it to me? please report :x
How can you let so many people onto the premises?
The cries for help go through your heart and soul...
Even if the culprits are still arguing about who to blame, I am still sure that the victims are not guilty, because they had no idea where they had ended up - and were also unable to defend themselves. /// Hopefully all videos will remain online, they are more of a reminder than a memorial stone.
My condolences to the victims' families.
So she doesn't look like Giulia Minola...
I also think it's Marina or Svenja..!!


But in the end it doesn't matter who it is, it's bad enough...
Man is the biggest beast! Now a culprit is desperately sought. Hello? It's not about guilt, it's about prevention for the future!
We Germans in particular should learn from the past
Duisburg is simply too small for such a festival. Something like that happens in Berlin, Hamburg or something like that, but not Duisburg! The Love Parade shouldn't take place anymore anyway -.-
bad, just bad, I feel really sorry for people, bad, bad, EVIL!!!!!!!!!!


My sister actually wanted to go there too, but she had a bad feeling and went to friends. I'm glad today that she didn't go there and instead went to her friends and celebrated there










I really hope that the people who are to blame for this will be punished
I am completely of the opinion of knaeckebrot that it should stay there alone because it is evidence that shows what it really was like there and not what the organizers want to tell us




hallo

I didn't watch the entire video, only the first few seconds because the comments here told me to leave it alone, my nerves aren't that good...
My condolences to the families and friends of the deceased!!


1.17 minute what is the black one
Oh man, that's bad, please, that's sad
@r1e2m3i4x5xxx What was the name of your friend?
The woman at 1:47 is she already dead or just injured?? :(


My condolences to the families and friends of the deceased!!
This catastrophe could have been avoided. Why is there so much space on the ramp so quickly after the accident? Why didn't those responsible on site prevent this chaos? Why are there any at all?
It was terrible what happened, I was there with my 8-year-old son, but it was west of the main station in the city. We then walked to Mülheim and then took the U-18 to Essen. We were there in Essen in 2007 and there was no problems, who could have predicted that. My condolences to all the families affected. P.S. Deleting something from the internet doesn't undo it.
were you there?????? :O


@Knaeckebrotsaege yes, I believe you..............an experience that I wouldn't want to swap with you. A tip for you........if you suddenly panic at the fair or somewhere else because it's full, don't run away......because then you'll have you get the panic attack on your neck and you can't get rid of it. Believe me, I speak from experience of how something like this can affect your life. all love
It's terrible what happened that day, I think that many young people will avoid any kind of crowds in the future........long-term consequences that some young people are not yet aware of....... ...
@skyoverberlin1


That is the pure truth!


you have to live with it!
It was so terrible... I just collapsed like many others there, I'll never go to a party like that again! NEVER AGAIN
that is so bad. I still get goosebumps when I see it, I'm shaking and the tears are streaming... :(
@skyoverberlin1 it was said at the beginning if you have a pussy stomach you shouldn't look at it! then don't complain
@Knaeckebrotsaege strange really strange.... why you....?
@skyoverberlin1
Yes, you immediately notice that she is dead, her body looks lifeless, the way her head falls, I don't think that would even happen to an unconscious person (I could be wrong, I haven't seen any dead or unconscious people)
And yes, you should actually delete it, but what good would it do?! Somehow you have to confront it to understand what you did wrong, if you cover it all up, the same mistakes will be made again. Read the article in Stern...
@Knaeckebrotsaege is the internet working again??
Where are the fucking prosecutors who are charging those responsible...damn legal perverters can only sue 0815 citizens, the rich and politicians pinch the cowardly bags
That couldn't go well! why did they let that happen!? damn money vultures...I really feel sorry for the deceased...I hope those responsible get an appropriate punishment...even though what happened doesn't make up for it...people died because the organizers &amp; the city only thinks about the money...and somehow they always get away with it, right?...they just wanted to have fun...and now something like this has happened...really terrible
It's just too crazy how this could have happened...
These people just wanted to have fun...and then something intense
@skyoverberlin1
This video has something to do with education, because I believe that this is the only way for people to understand what can happen and that a lesson should be learned from it! It's bad for the relatives, but I also hope that they don't go through this accident again and watch videos like this. My condolences to everyone who knew the victims :&#39;(
old shit...I feel so damn sorry for those 21 people...!
I still can't believe what happened!...


I hope it will be revealed soon...so that it becomes clear...why it had to go so far that people die and many are injured.




Hello! The scene at 1:02... can you place it exactly in time? Would be important, thanks &amp; greeting
@skyoverberlin1 how do you know she looks like that???
@AnManFi 

How broken are you???
I think in the chaos he put it there on purpose.
They tried to get everyone out of there quickly.
You're probably the kind of Belgian who can't look anywhere else???
@Knaeckebrotsaege I would like to ask everyone who knows about this accident and does not accept the existing consequences, since nothing has happened so far: GO TO THE CITY, or to the scene of the accident and sign for the OB&#39;s to be voted out of office!!!!
terrible and unbelievable
Do you actually know what reaction some of the scenes in your video can trigger among relatives when they find the lifeless bodies of your dead family member here again? I only say 1:48 as some have already correctly recognized.
You should be aware of this responsibility, even if your video helps many people to clarify the disaster for their own needs, it cannot be a pleasant sight for parents.
I can't understand how anyone could still calmly continue using their cell phone in this situation. Not really. Either run away or help, but don't stand in the way, stare and try to get close with the camera. And then put it on YouTube straight away, honestly. Hopefully you can work this out with your conscience.
a cruel video that leaves me absolutely speechless. I would like to write a lot of what's on my mind, but I've already deleted it again and again. this video should stay. I'm deeply sorry for what happened.
unbelievable, incomprehensible!
How can you let it get this far?
My condolences to the relatives and friends of the victims
R.I.P.

Be it the organizer, the mayor or the people responsible for security. Everyone blames the other!
Consequence: Everyone who lies to the camera every day, off to jail with you!
@Technowiert I think the boy doesn't say "She's dead" but rather &quot;Go up!&quot;
Holy crap why aren't there any announcements telling people to move away??? Just watching the police stupidly... They've failed so badly... Shit
This video is simply proof that it's all about the money and no attention is paid to people's well-being!! 21 deaths are far too many, it shouldn't have gotten to that point!! I'm really shocked about this video :( my condolences to the many relatives who have now lost a loved one :(
No, the woman at 1:48 is most likely Svenja R. from Castrop Rauxel. R.I.P
Today I finally managed to express my condolences at this point with candles. It's oppressive in this place, not because of the many people who also stay there. Rather silently, the fear and panic that you can still feel there. It's scary to imagine how many people were there in one place. It's not very big there...
The woman at 1:48 is the 20th fatality (a friend of mine), she died in the hospital from internal injuries.
I also think the video should be removed, it hurts a lot to see this scene.... can't find any words for it
The poor people who have to see their relatives like this! I'm torn when I imagine my children being that! I would go crazy!
@DEEK1978

So there are still people who use their common sense.
Some videos show how many people on the ramp (who want to get out) blindly walk into the crowd. You come from above and have the opportunity to get an overview. If something happens to them, they shouldn't blame the others alone. Such behavior is of course also negligent. Please don't misunderstand: this doesn't mean that everyone has themselves to blame!
The number of deaths has now risen to 21. That's 21 too many!!!!!!!! All in the interests of the consumer and profit-oriented fun society. And no one wants to bear the responsibility; they prefer to pass the buck to each other. I'm ashamed to be from Duisburg!!!!!!!
@PlusPedia ....correct, but only because all sources (including the Hanys) are now included and evaluated. If the sources didn't exist, a large number would and would have been missed. And you probably wouldn't have any chance of finding out the truth. As bad as these videos may be!!
I also think that the organizers screwed up big time! They should know from the previous Love Parades that more than 250,000 people come there. So more than the terrain allowed...
OMG I still can't believe it's so intense


@cluo100

I also think that it is her... especially look when the police officer picks her up... right behind the police officer there is someone with medical gloves and a resuscitator with 3 others around one on the ground... max. 1m next to her...they must have seen the woman in any case, given the color of her face etc...and if there is no one with her and she is carried away without ventilation given the blue color of her face...they have probably already noticed that she is dead
We are all still at a loss for words...
stunned...
I went to two love parades myself...
After 2000 I didn't want to go there anymore, especially because of the crowd and especially because Berlin was no longer the venue...


dort war es offener...



But unfortunately it doesn't help anymore... I/we are all just stunned...


remember in silent...


For days I've been watching the reports on television, following every interwiew, asking myself: what should have been done to avoid something like that? There were two ramps that led up to the site (satellite image google). The larger one with inflow from the right (coming from Neudorf) should have functioned as an entrance and the second one on the left (Am Güterbahnhof) should have functioned as an exit to Düsseldorfer Str. Why doesn't one have this? considered? Incomprehensible to me
At the beginning I was really upset that everyone was making such a terrible hype out of it and I thought it was all exaggerated. But now, after watching the video, I'm at a loss for words!!! I'm really shocked and terribly ashamed of it! Thanks for the educational video! It's bad but I think it's absolutely necessary so that this doesn't get swept under the carpet!!! My condolences to all the relatives and get well soon to the injured!!!
@TheFunnyRoyal 

have&#39; At 1:46 a really bad feeling... the pale complexion, the pale lips, the half-open but unmoving eyelids, absolutely no reaction... I don't want to speculate, but if you look at the photos of those affected on bild.de , you can discover similarities...r.i.p.
This video is unbelievable...when you see it you are just horrified by the organization...I don't think they are allowed to show it on TV...I don't know...we already know who is to blame. ..only the guilty can't admit it...they're afraid of the consequences...they'll get hard...if it's not forgotten, they'll be punished...the longer it goes on, the harder it will be It's being played down...they're already downplaying the matter...sad LG May
listen at 0:55 he says shit there are already dead people here
I've looked at a lot of recordings now, but these are the most intense...


My deepest condolences to the victims &amp; to the relatives...


Rest in Peace

And it's all because of money°!
I'm so sorry for all the people who just wanted to celebrate...


You can really think what you want about the Love Parade, but something like that was never allowed to happen! I'm really at a loss for words.
omfg &quot;unpredictable?&quot; Fallen, right? Yes, everyone fell from billboards and stairs.... who believes the crap and where is Wulff?
terrible thing
I saw someone I knew die, I could barely breathe and I just can't deal with it all.
So many dead, injured, unconscious people watching... like a horror movie...
horror! This must be clarified and lead to consequences!
r.i.p.@all

This is the craziest video I've seen so far. That's when you really see how extreme it really was... there are no words to say about it
@MegaMelissa86 nonsense... there was no football tragedy where 400 people died because of crowding..
Hillsborough dAMALs warn 96 tote..



And with something like that you don't have to expect that oil people will die.. don't talk about such intellectual nonsense
Please send this video to the public prosecutor and not to the police!! Please, this is just helping you. The public prosecutor's office is looking for such videos and witnesses.
I can only say it again and again, which videos MUST see the Duisburg public prosecutor's office.


If there is already filming, please send it to the public prosecutor's office so that the organizers and those who made a mistake during the planning can be punished. Even if the dead do not come back to life.


lg

Julian

How stupid can you be to think that so many people can fit through such a small tunnel??? Unfortunately, there are no fair punishments for such acts in Germany.
My deepest condolences to the families and friends. It takes a lot of strength to process this.
And get well soon to the injured.
Hey, your video was shown on Sky News and I just saw it
Really respect, show this video here, you can see that not many people haven't been helped, there are onlookers watching, no one helps, people just run away and talk about it People just move on and don't help at all. I would like to kick people in the worst possible way. Sorry, my condolences to the relatives
Damn, I just can't believe it!
I get goosebumps when I see this video!
This is the most violent video evidence of mass panic I have seen to date!
@Knaeckebrotsaege I hope that thanks to your contribution and also many others, the mistakes of “everyone” Those responsible must be shown and they MUST answer for it!! I would like to send my condolences and deepest sympathy to the people who have lost a loved one.
@Knaeckebrotsaege &lt; My oldest also wanted to go there with his girlfriend. Luckily I only got to the main station at this time. So he was forced to turn back, at first sad afterwards but when he found out about everything, happy. For the city and the organizers, nothing was closer than profit!! To do this, every risk, which was certainly known and in some cases even confirmed, was simply accepted. Politics as well as the law have a duty here and must act!!!
First of all, it's good that there are videos like this that give a real picture of the whole sad and terrible truth because the media would be reluctant to show something like that. I still hope, out of respect for relatives, friends and families, that the disgusting perpetrators will be held accountable. When I saw the press conference yesterday I thought this behavior was disgusting, how they blamed each other for Peter. My deepest condolences to the families and friends
@Knaeckebrotsaege &lt; In this case, filming has nothing in common with sensationalism. What happened is bad, without question. But only things like this can help bring the truth to light and punish those who should have known better. Censorship likes to withhold true events, no matter how cruel they may be. But it is precisely these truths that bring other people's mistakes to light. And everyone responsible should be held accountable for this, even if they face prison!!!
I hope that images like this, which no news source will ever show, will help bring those responsible to justice. So that they don't have the opportunity to be trivialized before the law. The city, organizers, police and crisis team have not demonstrated any competence and should therefore be held accountable for this. No ifs and buts!!! My condolences go out to the relatives who have to mourn their loved ones!!!! I apologize for the ineptitude of others...
Yes, show the truth!
it was terrible!!! I stood exactly at the place where the video was shot, so I had to watch everything, I saw how people fought for the lives of their friends, how lifeless people lay on the ground and were brought back to life. Now a day later you really realize it and mourn with the people and of course you ask yourself how something like this could have happened, even though laypeople had already predicted it days before, only the money-hungry organizers weren't interested!!
Something like this SHOULD not happen.
Not with such a large number of people.
My condolences to all the relatives of the dead and injured.


How could you allow something like that to happen? It was predictable that something like that would happen.
that people want to celebrate and when they no longer come in they also become aggressive.


With such a number you have to be prepared and plan for it.
terrible to see something like that :(
Alta Swede!! Oh, I was there too, but it wasn't that bad
@surezo Yes, it is important to show these pictures. The organizers and those responsible in the city of Duisburg and the police in particular should have to look at these pictures again and again.


We will hold those responsible accountable. The internet doesn't forget!
@Heelin1986 why did you write something like that?
and then it is deleted I say my opinion and as far as I know Germany has freedom of speech as long as it doesn't harm anyone and it doesn't :) that's just the truth!
@surezo I have to say that you are right there too! Court or not, but when they're dead it's really cool to film something like that or post it here when I'm dead. I don't want to be shown to the whole world either
Great O.O I'm at a loss for words...
but was that one girl at 1:54 -2:00 dead? Because he looks strange and very scary, just like the boy from 2:28
But really what happened there was just amazing
On the highway in a traffic jam, no one squeezes into the car in front because they're worried about their own metal...but when it comes to people, you can be inconsiderate. I feel for you!
