Pis Justin bieber is dead if he is dead who made ghost haa and.

Really?

It is fake

Youtubers: justin bieber is dead . Found dead here and there.Meanwhile biebs: making new songs posting selfies travelling here and there making a new comeback in 2021 won awards got married living a happy life---- me: i guess you were also found dead near the sea half eaten by piranhas️️

Its not real she have song stay

I can&#39;t stop laughing

Justin Bieber is still here
Fake

Friend, why are you speaking so loudly?
Can u guys stop spreading fake news ... Nonsense
You better create a video like my parents are dead rip instead of this for views ️! You will get 10 millions views, I&#39;ll help ️. No offense but this is stupid! You can&#39;t kill a person for views! I can see what kind of selfish person you are! No humanity at all ️! Delete this video or you get banned ️

Duck you want me to

Super editing
Views ke liye kuch bhi

Lol

FAKE NEWS

Fake news

What did you do by telling me that you met me? Do it like this.
Your lieyng he’s 26
Nice Joke
You are the fake Justin Bieber is not died

Hahah..chutiya
I was just watching his video

Stop this fake news!!If justin bieber was died,then who is that doing music videos like popstar ,holy,intentionsJUSTIN BIEBER IS NOT DIED

He is not dead

Oh My God How Do Make A Fake News About A Death Shame on You

Justin Bieber no dead
Not true see in his YouTube channel he is still singsing and writing new songs

FAAKE

He is not dead Why are you tell a lie

Fake fake fake faky faky fakyty fake fake

He is not dead

You can tell that it&#39;s fake

Faaaaaaaaaek

It&#39;s fake he&#39;s married now

He is not dad

hack this video guys

you all lying

Fake

I wish this was true

fudge youuuu


This is fake if it is not fake so how did his new song come yummy and intension

Fuck yes this amazing finally

Fake

Fuck yourself

Yes

How?

Hey guys did he really die

India is my country, what do u want to say?          India is an unlucky country for him?

How can u kill a person with a fake news?

How is he dead go look at his insta and he made a new son with ed sherean so take this fake news of

Yes its true

Fake ...,
SOOO FAKE

raped XD

XD

Hey you!                If justin is died then how he is making the new song i dont care with ed sheeran so please delete this fake news please don&#39;t mind i am just telling you

Fake

Yea totally didn’t just get married

Fake

No no way

This is fake

Fake  this  video

I am writing... Baba daughter fucker Hijra is dead.
Motherfucking fake news channel
It's very good that some eunuch has died.
Ooooooo justin bieber will be killed 
Fake

Yes this is really iam meet Justin brother and he is really news

fac

It is fake

He is not dead

What you mean by rape 

Rip

U fuck

this video is so fake justin is ok this news so fake news blabla dont tell he is dead i m fan of justin this is to fake

Miss

fake this video

boooooooooooo

oo so fake you are the news is about another matter dont speak such things i am his fan. rubbish guy

This is fake see his Instagram

I know I also stayed at the same hotel and said what happened to Justin Bieber and my girlfriend.
Bokachoda
This is a big lie i know justin his a friend of mine
