Namaste u got ur figured all mixed up

Bhoske, are you a complete Englishman?
Ran

How much can a person lose by making a fake face?
Srk is 58

Sabki age galat bta rhe hai aap

Salman Khan er real ID dete parben
Shahrukh salman buddhe hain sale 

Buddhe hain sale

Don't look like me for 53 years
Ki video bhai pagol hoye Pakistan jabo
In this logo the Buddha has come.
Wow! Thumbnail

This are all lies

Boliwood Old Basterds

I love you Salman Khan
All still acting like 25 yr olds and murdering young talent..

Total clickbait
Legends who are true fans of bigg boss salman khan
Brother Sulaiman made brother laugh 
Where did I find the photo of Aamir and SRK..showing the face of 20 years ahead.
wtf thumbnail

Pura dhop

Chup kR bakwas

Salman khan bhai
Thumbnail Next level 
62 sunny 53 salman zyda age isme kiski h age k hisab se face alag alag q janmooch kr khans k face ko editing kre h takhe khans face se buddhe lage



You edit Salman Khan and sharukh Khan photage

What did you see?
Got a photo of you
Why are Tigri Khan's stories being edited?
FaceApp se edit karke thumbnail me fit kiya hai waah..

Do not forget your mother tongue which is hindi

He is ashamed to speak Hindi.
Laghta hai tu wahi tha us waqth

Are you making an owl by editing photos online?


Why don't you also make some kind of video please?
SRK hair will remain there always.

Only for SRK

Face app se thumbnail banaya hoga

Ajay devgan
Bro you are a fake

The thumbnail fake

Fake

Bakwas

all fake


Toro nadir poth hadar poth batper
Why u make only Khans dirty picture if u don&#39;t discrimination through u are proud of indian!

Ye to dhoka hai.. video mein to thumbnail jesa kuchh nahin hai... 

Sab bakwash hai

He got all information on Google

Why are all the Khans looking so old when in their 50’s whereas Anil Kapoor is in his 60’s looking younger then them. What filter you using to make them look older?

Sharukhan amir khan great actor
Are you stupid don&#39;t tell SRK

Wrong ages

Ap  sab heros 1000 years  tak ho heoros and heoronies

Everything is fake, yes people are getting older, everything is sucking age.
Abe halwe hrithik roshan khodko takla kyo karega

Boycott bolywood
They Luck Like Devils

Stopped shahrukh salman amir ko aisha kiya
Who give the ujada chaman look to all the celebrities 

Real face does not attractive

????????????What is editing done? Brother?
This is a real fake

Thanks

Crazy age, something inside
Salman Khan , Shahrukh khan All khans are Fabulous



You are so foolish that you have made movies with girls like you.
Nice

Jhutha jhutha video kyon banate ho bhai hundred percent wrong

100%  Wrong

Ok your father and someone else
14000 unlike for this thumbnail

I hat you

Thumbnail 

Salman Khan is very cute

I no this is fake video I&#39;m watch for comment

So funny 
Marja jina vedio bani a Kay actors vadar ho na Ada Sam no janza chouka ja
<a href="">1:15</a>. Looks like they merged Salman and Sylvester&#39;s faces.

Brother, who made such a fool by editing this logo?
Bhai title dekh ke to me chok gaya tha....

Dur hala kali mitta boly
Fack

Jhut



The thumb nail

Jpt salman is not old

Tino hi ghor kaami boodhau hai
Time hi ghor kaami boodhau hai
You are a perfect stupid...Bcoj Amitav&#39;s date of birth 1942...then what will be the date of birth of Avisekh...!?

Very informative video. All Pakistani huroes reality is exposed . Carry on

Oh are you mad

Abe salman khan or shah rukh khan or amir khan ko tune jada hi old kardiya
U r against of muslimstars  r u sangi idiot

Her cut

Is he crazy? Does a 52 year old man look so stupid?
buddha salman khan
Hello! Interestingly. Why? They aged so quickly. Artists. Indian films. I absolutely adore them. Everyone, of course. And the films are well-deserved. Why! Shakrukhan. Salman Khan. And many Muslim artists. We played Indian films. They should be thanked for this. That the public loved them. If not a pandemic. Everything was fine. Inshallah. Give. Allah. For all peoples on the planet, much suffering has turned into holidays! Inshallah. Patience for us. Thank you. May He help from above. Allah! To the whole world. So that joy comes on earth. Thank you.
Omg 
Every Khan has become Buddha...
Srk&#39;s photo is not real

All good but Hrithik sir ka hair asa kiu Kia ?

Salman khan and akshay kumar bollywood king

Salman khan and sarukh khan fesh no dog ceenal

The bill is haraam
Why are you enjoying editing?
Are chutia bana ra ya teen khan young hi
Aamir Khan Sharukh Khan You&#39;ve faked news Aamir Khan Sharukh Khan and Salman Khan are not that old, aamir looks like a 30-year-old  Salman Khan aren&#39;t that old.

Ith kanda malayalikal vaaa ivde like adichitt pooo
Kaminey made such an enemy out of my fear by editing his photo and making him more angry.
tui acta magici...
AGE TO SAHI BATA RAHA H BUT ..SRK KI PIC KUCH JAYDA HI EDIT KARDIYA BHAI
8507365740

Bruh what did you do with the khans you edited and made them look 80-85 why

Prejudice pictures
Akshayakumar ka pic acha aaya khan haters hain tu
Only Salman khan

Come watch, I'm an Indonesian, sorry 
Abey gadehey apni bap kiphoto kion laga rakhi hai

Lol

Thanks

Thumbnail is nice

All the videos have a massive amount of lies and fake pics. y so much deviation

Fake pics report it

Top 5 Bollywood
A  bala  faltu

Hirtik look like jhony sins 
Born in 1956 is not 62 now what rubbish

What a lie

The three Khans are not so old you have shown in the thumbnail that they are in they&#39;re 80&#39;s

Many of these pictures are edited.

why ganja hirthik
.

Lol your video

Jfjc



Whata edit

He is about your father's age.
long time
Khan🇮🇳
100% wrong
Are you also there brother? Have you said anything?
Jhute k Bache Sara Editing Hai...

edit

Zook te chatemate

Ha banti to chutiya hai.
You edit this your mad

Fucking edited at face app atenttion seeker bitch
Akshay Kumar Bollywood king
Hame pagal bhai ga to khud pagal ha
All legends old legends
Butt.  Cricket Hamburg

What software used bhai to look them so old ?

I love Akshay
Kya thumbnail hai

Are they really that big?
You say I don't know
actually targeting muslim khan actors nothing else

Face app

Actor intnai zada v bhudhai nahi hua jitnai tm log unke pics se rahi ho
Aapne in logo ko kuch jyada hi aged dikha diya.Age is just a no.Why you are so keen on their age? Does not sound manly.No one is interested in bullwood  be it age,their income,marriage , pregnancy, extramarital affairs and so on..Make video on societys real Hero.

You are fake

Fake news

Why does your mother's pussy get distorted by editing it?
The actors are still very young and good looking.Too much editing done has made some of them look old.

Whats the big deal we all get old

Fake everytng

Woodhamians never get tired of taking drugs
Mujhe jahan tk pata he abhi shek bachan 74 he d/birth kyn ke men wakif hon.ak se sir.

Ok

CHUTIA  MAT BANAO BABU BHAIYA

Old men are still the leading actors, why can’t movies find young handsome men?
Abe Angrej ki aulad Hindi mein to bol English Hai liya hai

Stop discrimination
Anil Kapoor, Sunny Doel, Amir khan, sharuk Khan, Salman Khan n Sunil Shetty    are evergreen Heroes . I honour them.

Brother, this is what I am making and making it.
Jhoot bol raha hai tu ???
You mean born in? Or born on?

Fake pick ️️
Jot par Jot Sharam karo yar ....kya tumi sharam bi ati hey
Top salman khan
Ajay devgan ka umra
Sale chutiya
Number 1 Salman Khan
Sunny Deol fan like
Meter the translations in French.
I don't know what age you are, what is your photo editing problem, that's why I am disliking it.
Let's see Aya Madi Disco Tamsha, the king is dead
Fake

Open Lock Back Good Gedung Galaxx Ehpi Depil Worker Yau Open Lock Yau Worker Back Hp Henpon Jewelry..play yau ...good bay.
Itla be old nhebhi tom log bgwaz krke tsvir lgaya

All are the aged grandfathers

Hahahaha  for u

Yeh in teen buddo ka future budapa aise rehenga

how come it looks like an edit
You edited the pics of Salman, Sharukh and Aamir and made them look even bigger, Fake pics.
Face app

all three are fake
Lllxx

If Bollywood's Khan Gang has power, then make a picture on the following issues and explain the correct definition, Amir, Shahrukh, Saif, Salman, Javed Akhtar, Nasruddin, 1) Halala 2) Circumcision 3) Triple Talaq 4) 4 wives or 40 children 5) Burqa system 6) Kafir 7) Ghazwa-e-Hind 8) Jihad Jai Hind..
Fik

Nc

uzee nevar kukmbia

Salam Aamir and Shah Rukh did not want to distort their faces.
3-4 pics were edited deliberately and a fake skin was added .

Wow

Fake video

urdu ma bolo
Do these actors really look tht old or is it edited to make them look sooo old,

anil kapoor never looks old

Atny h to h y lasi faction p sahy khary h

U r insalting khans only

Thumbnail 

There you have become gaye tino ???
I think this is fake

Fake news

This guy looks like an 80 year old man
How old is Akhil Shaikh?
Edit picture, chi chi this is not fair.Respect them.please.

We   love Sushat sing and  hat you all

O  Salman you old man saare  bane baithe  super ulloo  ke pathetic SSR se derr gye kya  ? ?

Where is Sanju baba

Fake

A

Salman. Khan. Is. My. Father&#39;s age. 53

Look at these old ladies who are romancing Buddha, they are of dada's age.
Sale

 FAKE! 
X

I am requesting you please not to post YouTube in India we are fighting for SSR. the Bollywood drugs they are involved in this tips they are spoiling youth in India  please for the God&#39;s sake and we are begging you like anything. We are going to buycott. We Need a justice of SSR Satyameva Jayate. Please don&#39;t post in  your YouTube also because this is called ragatak I think maybe I don&#39;t know tomorrow they are going to spoil you yes YouTube also they are going to spoil

It is clear that Salman and Shahrukh's age at 53 would not have been too much.
Cheating this video isssd

Nice

I love Akshya Kumar
P

Brother, Varun Dhawan and Sharukhan should be made unlike that Sushant's magic.
Too old they are

Sb faikh hai ye sala bc who put this video
Anil Kapoor ki real pic nhi like

Next  video

You dont be over

3 Khan Dadaji Ban Gaye.
Watch the video of Himalaya Kancha and comment what you think
Kuti k bachy fake video Q bnaty ho

Oh brother, you will do whatever you want.
Anil kapoor 62 ka h ye behen ka buddha

Why the hell you edited the pics..It&#39;s veryyyy irritating..

t

Unbelievable
Wrong

Very.. Beautiful

Why did u edit there faces

Fake

You lier.
Salman khan age 70 not 53
Please don't make such a video!
Fake photo of 3 khan&#39;s

vulgar  photoshop
Fast clean
If born on 1982 his age is 38 not 36

Why editing pic?

What are you guys doing? Don't do this, he will be picked up by the police.
Bhgg

Chuteya kiss aur ko banana samgha
Oh, what a wonderful show our Indian actors have. Jai Hind Jai Bharat.
kkkk it isnot guuud nyak

Pics of salman, aamir and shah rukh are fake

Lot of fake pics

Amazing thumbnail, they will definitely look like that when they are too old like 60-70 yrs but not now 

Have you edited these and kept us in the Buddhist community?
Who gave Khan's edited pics bc?
Tu handubam hai Salman Khan is looking very handsome

Bhai Jake bhai bhai song dekh ke
interesting but not to goodlisten you

Your eyes are getting worse
Mashallah very beautiful amazing so lovely friend Excellent all khan

I love salmon hear
Very good
l love you srk

Budhaay ho gayi hain salei
Photos of aamir,, salman, shah rukh, khan are not appropriate at all,,, not as old as they are
Stupid
8600 0609 6638 9760 help me please
The photo of the Hindu people is very good and the photo of the Muslim is three Khan, the photo you have given is wrong, correct the mistake.
Budhapa, there is a lot of useless cheese
Change face and post photo brother.
Everyone has become stupid.
I love her

You go to the he&#39;ll

You faker
H

Shahrukh Khan's WhatsApp number de de
Want Shahrukh Khan's number?
A lot these guys get good plastic surgery done ..... that’s why they look so young !!!

Anil Kapoor ever green till now
tera papa boss
Topya saleya punjabi ch b gall kr lya kro sala tempu
You are liar
Liar fake images
you lair
you lair
O Ajay Devgan, where did he go?
Editing aplikasi,,,you lie
Aamir khan !!!

Hi hi shahruhk Khan and other stars pinned on old ehh trimmed.  cool
Old fence 
Ajay Devgan
Sharukahn is 54

Salman khan to ser ki tarah lgte hai

You lair
son of b...

What is the Rajni age.?

OK that&#39;s fake salman khan does not look old also sharukhan and Amir Khan do not look old

Unlike such videos
You can earn a lot by eating useless things.
everything is so painful
Bukachuda
A tomara asea fake picture band karo
speak Malaysia ok

He is a fool
face app ues kya h
You are a frod

Tari maka

What nonsense did you take in the edit view?
They are aging forcefully when they are not aging then why are you guys jealous?
J

Randi sala
Shahrukh khan salman khan and Aamin khan face not like this

HAAAA

No

No

This fake lander has done your real age and is of no use.
Ye madarchod face app main edit Kiya hai

That's why you keep editing the photos of crazy people.
Forget sharing your photo and forcefully make a fake video.
Pictures are not their real appearance..talkshit .. Useless content

Ranbir Kapoor turns 37
Ye bodha AKA look kisne bana hai god bless you bodha hune sebhi teen 3 Khan bohot handsome bodha hihuka I like you
