Book your tickets here!Book My Show: <a href=""> <a href="">

The world dirty mind people&#39;s hate all are human first humanity don&#39;t hate I am not hate any I am always thanks any one 

Hats off Laxmi agrawal 

My Life Best Video Show

Real

Kuch log sach me ek kharab nazariye se dekh rhe the pr kuch sirf acid attack victims ko dekh rhe the wo sirf samaaj ki burai ek begunaah insaan ke chehre ko kharaab krne ki besharmiyat wali harkat  dekh rhe the.

If you are gonna look horrifying people will obviously get scared, it is not there mistake. However laws against acid attack and rape needs to more harsh, should be worse than death sentence. India needs some sharia laws in the constitution.

Chutiya public ho saala khudke sath naa ho tbk tb saalo ko saalo no sans bhi bc he is angry at these people 
<a href="">#Dilenjoy</a>
OMG ....dipeeka sach mai bshut good ...

Omg logoki reaction tho deko

Never underestimate the power of a women

The face should be better this day
How beautiful She is ️The most talented actress in Indian film industry.Love and wishes from 🇵🇰

 give respect women

This world is cruel! 

Deepika Padukone is the best

A real human beings are not make by outer appearance a good human being made by heart ️.

Sorry madam but it was very hard to get changed the mindset

<a href="">0:39</a> Deepika Padukone is at Colaba At Popy Shop. I stay there

Deepika is fake.....trying to use every oppurtunity for publicity

Tum hame sikhoge drugies

Girls are also humans . Acids are not even thrown on dogs . Girls love their face alot this does not mean that u&#39;ll throw acid on their face just to make them sit at home and stop their progress . Everyone has their own rights guys . Please stop these kinds of crime against women (humans) . And I also want convey to the foolish people around who judge a person by their facial beauty . They think that if they&#39;ll talk or say some kind words to a survival  their value will low down in the society but it&#39;s not so when u show kindness to a needy ur value increases more that it was .

You people make anything out of anything ! It&#39;s the nature of every living being, we generally watch things that are not usual, otherwise we just see. Are you thinking it&#39;s normal to have this ? Are you normalising this ? This is not normal, whoever experienced this, surely he/she didn&#39;t want it. It is their bravery that they survived. They survived in a condition that whenever one sees them, they watch them, watch them that the person is living after bearing such conditions. Don&#39;t you find any good thing in this. Most of reactions that you showed, are not negitive but you just slow motioned them like hell ! Think again, it&#39;s not normal, crime is not normal, and after this much happening, surviving is not normal, that&#39;s why all watch them, not just see and go. Note - don&#39;t reply, I won&#39;t. All I have to say is here.

#True india  shown 
I expected that ..

Nice

Please don&#39;t promote druggist. This lady for pro outing the movie could forsake her country. Only mo ey is their God. Had my mother had the money she had she would have been way prettier with so many facial, creams and make up. ButShe was beautiful from inside.

They are people sees in good way and the sad really is They are people sees in bad way

I just want to share this here, when i was studying in school. One of my junior&#39;s mom was an acid attack survivor. She use to come daily to drop &amp; pick her daughter. I use to admire her very much. I remember her always wearing beautiful lipshades &amp; that warm contagious smile. I really don&#39;t k were u r aunty now (hope u r fine). But thanks for sowing that positivity seed in my during that adolescent age.

I&#39;m just thinking they doesn&#39;t see when they puting the cameras out there!

Shame on another women who are looking with weird expression and treating them as untouchable..Just shame on them

<a href="">#BoycottDrugWood</a> <a href="">#Justice4SSRnDisha</a>

Education can only give knowledge right or wrong but we have to change the people by their heart .

No one is ugly , everyone should not judge them and everyone should have a clean and pure heat and soul .

E world lo ela vuntundi antay gayam chesinavadu baguntaru gaiapadinavadu bada padatari that is true fact

Shame on u all people. Agar kisi ki help na kar sako to dard v mat do

when normal deepika come out street with her natural look then people will stare with same as shown in video but there will no &#39;dhang dhang&#39; music.afterall Bollywood r ruled by some illtreated people, and this video reflect their mind set.

I would have recognised Deepika from 10ft distance 

After seeing Chappak or another pathetic story of acid attack victims many people can be sympathised and pitiful but in REAL LIFE what those people think about them has revealed 

I am angry when I see acid attack victims as I hate that girls still have to go through all this just because fragile male ego can’t handle being told no   To every female who has been through shit just because she said no, I ADMIRE YOU and SENDING YOU TONS OF LOVE - A fellow female

Sad

I didn't even get an acid attack, yet it got worse and the logs looked strange..what's the reason?
I was thinking about the people who were standing and looking at Deepika Padukone..but couldn&#39;t recognise her!!!

Last me jab uss ladie ne apne backo ko kara that was so so wrong and yaar acid attack hua hein unke sath unhone koi glat kaam nahi kiya jse aap log unse najre zukka re that was so bad thing 

10nth january is my birthday

Looks don&#39;t matter, <b>Heart</b> matters..And this only things should be of all the peoples

India is love par yahe pe rahene wale kuch log ise ganda karte hai respect girlls

can someone explain to me what happened @<a href="">2:07</a>

Most of them were shocked more then disgusted....

<a href="">2:33</a> it's ok coz chote bacche darte hai
This is very bad

That movement when those who disguised at malti know that she is deepika padukone

Everything has its own beauty not everyone can see it .....No one is born ugly just society is judgedmental

i agree!!!!!!!!!!!! It&#39;s time for us

these are the people who boasts as if they are socialising and pretend to be matured but actually they are shit.

Itna he discrimination dikhate ho....to Sabhi celebrities inhi se marriage krni chaiye ...samaj ki burai to har koi dikhata hai....use khatam Karne ke liye apana yogdan  koi nhi deta.....It&#39;s only for spreading negativity 

deepika you are my all time fav actress from om shanti om to padmavat and now chhapaak . this a very big step which you took and god is with you and will be for every in your life .people may say you take drug or any thing i know you are not that kind of actress . god and my blessings will be there for every your life

how Rude!these people who are making faces are nobody did you hear &quot;NOBODY&quot;. They are making faces as if they are the creators of them..I am not sorry to say that people of our country have become shameless 

Some women who are scrunching up their face are doing so maybe because they can never imagine the pain that the survivors have gone through. Like it&#39;s almost unbelievable to them and it&#39;s not because they don&#39;t like how they look!!!!! Itna dramatic hona shayad zaroori nhi tha.

Ewwwwwwwwww
Those who do not behave like this with girls, then they will come to know if there is an acid attack on their sister, daughter or daughter-in-law or any girl in the house.
It is not necessary to think like “society” all the time, humans will also learn to think the same…..because this is the same society which, unfortunately, has kept glamorizing “beauty” like crazy…..ugly. ” ko nahi..... and truth is always ugly, so no one likes it.
Deepika = Nautanki
Hope these people who looked at her with disgust gets recognised by maximum people. That is their punishment. Hope you guys read this and get ashamed. Idiots shame on you forever!!!!!!!

C&#39;mon people was just looking normally don&#39;t make it a big issue!

a random woman: I didn't wear it above me: She didn't even ask me to wear it, first listen to me then please open your dirty mouth, it stinks so much
when people see something different they tend to look again

I have never a cheapest publicity done for any movie. I was a fan of you Deepika. Not anymore. The person behind this concept of the video or editing of the video, specially &quot;dhanan dhanan&quot; sound, Shame on you.

some dude just looked at her for like a Second and .... dhan dhan dhan dhan dhan

Actually thay didn&#39;t make up ugly, they did this experiment with ugly mind. People reaction are not bad.

People are negative and the editor too lol.

I love the way she said thank you  <a href="">1:27</a>

This is how it was shown that you did not discriminate against anyone and all human beings are equal.
All the people&#39;s were dumbstruck, when locking them

Lord Jesus bless everyone

There are both types of people in society, those who understand others and those who are laugh in the problems of others.

Everyone please understand the message delivered is beautiful but also understand this is scripted ...these are not real people reaction they are actors see how people saw camera and reacted...a camera around them and no one gets astonished and gives perfect shots for behaving so ....

That why corona virus attack people.

women is biggest enemy of women&#39;s

dude this is too dramatic, tbh I would’ve stared at them as well but not full of disgust.

Well, for most of the people, I didn&#39;t think there was anything bad about their gaze. They just looked normally. There was nothing awful or judgemental about their gaze.But it doesn&#39;t mean that they are not being judged, many others must have judged them (also seen in the video). But it was more dramatised for normal gazes. Of course if it was Deepika they would have asked for an autograph or selfie but with random common citizens who does?

It&#39;s worse that people have bad mindset for these people but happy to see that some are cooperative too

Like wth deepika is like sometimes i feel like hiding my self so people dont recognize me but with disguising herself as a acid attack victim there could be nothing more insensitive than this and she even calls this &#39;look&#39; unbelievable

So poor minded people 

They are the most beautiful women in the world nobody can judge them by their looks.

So what? She is doing all this all because of her Movie

Dislikes for this are from those disgusting looks giving fellow in video..

Most of their mentality level was 0%Their reaction was so cheap They should know that it wasn&#39;t victim&#39;s fault.......If they knew deepika was one of them then they would have just behaved like dogs and ran behind her to take selfies.....

Nazariya pehly tu aurto ko he badlane ke zarorat he Kyun ke ek aurat ho kr dusri aurat ki samjne ke bjae in ledies ko dek kr koi eyebrows chada rha hai tu koi kesy face bna Raha hai Sochty nhe agr inke jegeh yehi eyebrows chadane waly hoty tb

Those women who saw them with disgust must realize that there girls were much more beautiful before  ) :

I leave in Colaba

i am just thinking when they get to know that they had a selfie with Deepika . what will be their reaction!!?

If you love such stories.. then you should definitely watch malayalam film called as &#39;uyare&#39;. It&#39;s also a story about an acid attack survivor but it is definitely very much better than chhapaak. The makeup is also very realistic and story is very much motivating

Is it just me who thinks those hidden cameras are a little too big to be hidden

&quot;Sad reality of india&quot;... Those who writing this are also the same people like in the video.. 

Gave some ganja

But guys did you notice the older generation was sooo humble then younger generation ...... That is why elder is always coorect

World think on face

Everyone know that she is Deepika

Kuch log actually sirf dekh rahe hai......maybe not because of disgust. Like voh 2nd wale uncle jo white mn hai unhone bus dekha tha ghoora nhi h to itna intense music kyu?

Sometimes people stares out of curiosity, pity and not because they&#39;re disgusted how they look.By adding &#39;dhang dhang&#39; music on someones stare will obviously make the video negative

Love u Deepika
Ngl even I would have starred at them  not at disgust but I will be admiring their unique beauty srsly

RANDOM PERSON: SHE IS LOOKING BADBAD:ARE YOU MAD?.Acctually you are..

Great, I have it
<a href="">1:22</a> that expression was disgusting!!!

Humans are corrupted.They don&#39; t realize all of us have red blood in our <a href="">body.Beauty</a> is just a temporary <a href="">thing.skin</a> is only a covering.

I would have recognized Deepika even with this makeup. 

some behaved strange but come on ,the ones who just looked at them for once were normal, there was no need to make it overdramatic

That&#39;s so sad

When Deepika is like this they turned disgusting, but when  she is normal they come selfies

Nobody aska these questions to a stranger.....

So change yr thoughts

It&#39;s the reality of life...... everyone must change their self n one thing what the world will look like n see what it look like...

i know how that poor Laxmi would have felt when the world treated her with so much of disgust and shame !! C&#39;mon was it her fault that she rejected the choice doesnt she have the right to live the way she wants ?? She is also human . Peopole should  accept these  acid attack victims as  humans and not as some  alien person . Please respect the one who really needs  respect . Hats off to her !! 

Be Aware of &quot;Hidden Cameras&quot; in the Trial Rooms,Hotels,Public Places.

Cool. Greetings from Indonesia
love u deepika 
I am 12 years old i say stop doing this nonsense things they are also  a human being like us so respect them treat them as all think on standing on their position and u will get the truth behind them‍‍‍‍‍

I am 12 years old i say stop doing this nonsense things they are also  a human being like us so respect them treat them as all think on standing on their position and u will get the truth behind them‍‍‍‍‍

How disgusting Deepika is not recognized by common people
What is wealth?
Appreciate they love themself which now i learn.

Let me say this.Bollywood is the most hypocritical industry ever.They give young girls complex over figure ,skin tone and looks.And then they make some normal reaction disgusting by editing and adding music.Yes, Indians can be sometime critical but bollywood is nothing less.

I feel like give a tight slap

Please kbhi mere par kariye social experiment apko pata chalega ki duniya me ache log bhi hen

I also did the same in past, I regret after watching this video.

sorry to say but when I saw the thumbnail of this I got scared!

What a world we live in...

SHAME ON SUCH PEOPLE

Nazariya badalna jaruri hai Treat them as a normal ppl We blame society but we are society so plzz change your mentality ️Respect ️

How mean and cheap the people! Are!Not everyone.....pure souls also exist! From their positivity the world is going on!

From this I learned... to see human not their face

T

So proud of you Deepika Padukone mam.iam a die-hard fan of yours from gods own country love you so much you are doing a good job

The beautifulThe wonderfulThe greatThe queenThe legendOne and onlyDEEPIKA PADUKONE

there&#39;s no need to react so much by looking such people they are also human like us and they are beautiful both inside and outside

I don&#39;t understand why some people are reacting like that. I just feel so sad to know that people are having such cheap thinking. I just wana tell wake up! to them.

Shame on

There is no GOD but ALLAH and MUHAMMAD (SallAllaho alaihy walyhe waslm)is the last PROPHET of ALLAH ALMIGHTY.️️️

I literally started crying when I saw people reject them.

Sure face jyda iner beuti hoti bus log pehchante nhi
<a href="">#cancelindia</a> I literally hate this country, misogyny at its peak and judgemental society.

God bless you Deepika and all your team

Reality can be often disappointing..

Some humans are truly disgusting. God bless Lakshmi, Deepika and Meghna for making such a beautiful movie. Change people before your life runs out. Shame 

our mothers behave the same way too. mentality of an over privileged person.

The people who made faces will suffer their whole life

The best and greatest film, but it did not succeed because there is no immorality in me, and people know if I do not dance and take off, it does not succeed. Glory be to God, because it raises a dangerous issue to society.
Movie promotion..... It&#39;s not social experiment...Woof.....
How come we are the people of this country, we are being cruel like dogs, it has been 35 years now and nothing has changed. Next 100 years BHI will not change.
Looking  is so important

You did not anything wrong your out side ugly but inside your a like a god for me

Govt should hang the acid throwers 

<a href=""> .. real review of the movie (shame on vidhu vinod chopra) <a href="">

Really Proud of you deepika. Love  you

Only old people were the ones who  all respected them

What the is wrong with the indian girls. Seeing this movie they will feel pity for sometime and they start their attitude.shame on you girls who reacted like that

Jolok introverted hai uska kya  jolok jyada bate nehi karte or lok jab unhe kuch puchtehe to saram khe mare jo bhag jate he....some might think it&#39;s ignorant but what if it&#39;s their introverted nature....I&#39;m not talking about the people who looked like they are disgusted though....or esehi log dusro kobhi introvert bana deta he for example that kid jiske ma ne uski akhe band ki, uski parents use socially interactive and educate nehi karegi toh badme use samaj nehi ayega na kese behave karna chahiye

Dipika is A great 

dont attack the people attack the people who sponcers them

You can put log acid on girls' hair, why can't you see their face?
Oh my god, I also saw you slapping me, Jnu.
I am from Iraq and they broke my mind, but what is the reason for what happened to the buildings? Is there anything? May God protect and preserve them.
<a href=""> href="">#Chhapaak</a>..not just a word or a movie or a story, its more than that..The reality of all the Acid attack survivers,the reality of our society.I just tried to express this reality into my words.. Please  Check this out.. Thank You

1.7k dislike why they all think about it when u sis mother sufferers from this problem then u also dislike this

Deepika is JUST promoting her movie!

I feel so bad... People doesn&#39;t have a humanity... So bad...

What she did in JNU

But the few people who are reacting normally, the director has also imposed arrogance on them, it is not necessary to beat them, but it is better.
That was rediculous man that women was covering his child&#39;s face shame on them

The subject is very sensitive but is it necessary to make the video like this...do something worth...at many places has been exaggerated by editing n sound effects...n also always people aren&#39;t in good or happy mood...person unknowingly make facial expressions which is autonomic...sometimes having blank expressions on face....unknowingly staring somewhere else...it doesn&#39;t mean that saying these things over here I&#39;m supporting acid attacks....need to do something worth

We can recognize  that she is deepika mam.  This they would have done 1 or 2 yrs back.. Before announcing the movie.

<a href="">1:22</a> In case the woman who made a disgusted face is watching this video - Shame on you! It&#39;s disgusting to see that you are a woman yourself.

&quot; Nazaryaan badalna zaroori Hein&quot; Hats off to you Deepika

Please play this video without baground music, what I observed was people are moving with what work they have but video gimmick is showing that they are reacting wrogly. Some people may have reacted but wherever people are not reacted there also it is shown as reaction.

Shame on those people who watch themNot like an humans In this society people want beauty and lust only worst worst n shame on our citizens They are also normal people right y u people didn&#39;t understand  If that acid attack happen to u ....what will u do? Really shame shame on these people

Madam, the thoughts of humans are becoming dark.
<a href="">1:21</a> shameless girl raising her eyebrows

This made me. Cry

Hey fools, those who have turned away after seeing these girls in this video, let me tell you one thing, their face has not been like this since birth, we all know that all these sisters have been everyone's inspiration. Good Deepika ji, you have done this experiment, Jai Rajputana. Jai Hind
Anshu Jhalak said with eyes, watch this video
If many have not seen a burnt face.... n reacting as a shocked person... then awareness  is the one we are missing. Awareness to make sure that they are treated equally n not just acceptance. Especially teaching children not to differentiate among people is essential.

Brave deepika padukone Love From Pakistan 🇵🇰
I don&#39;t understand Y a women cannot understand other women&#39;s feelings??it&#39;s pathetic

Omg this is so heartbreaking...how they were getting stared at and how some women pulled faces of disgust as if they are less worthy....very sad...it’s not their fault they became victims. They didn’t choose to be like this. People need to be more aware of their actions. Also the woman hiding her child’s face should be teaching him to accept people as they are not hide him and never teach him.

Before writing a comment here.. think about how you will react..
Desh ke bare me bhi apna najariya badlo and desh hit me na ho sake to desh ke khilaf bhi mat khade ho javo.

<a href="">1:18</a> 

2.43 Change your perspective and learn to respect your country.
The worst part of walking as acid attack survivors are people react as if you are not.

What a joke,,, deepika has done nothing to support brave Laxmi before chhapaak,,, so selfishness just for money and fame...

All the comments is positives because.......you know what I mean. Ap logo ke bhi vaise hi expression hote mere bhi.

You people are talking about banning the acid... that acid cleans the house of the world... Don't blame the acid... Acid is a good thing... If you want to change someone's thinking then you can do it. People who have done all these things for the wrong benefit... This world will not change... As long as such dirty people remain in the world, it will never change... What they have done is just watching this from home. ...
&#39;Ku6 He is in front of the sight. He cannot look beyond.. It is necessary to change his view'
No one like deepika people only like their beautiness . It is truth

<a href=""> have a look please

Sometimes when I have come out of the house, I remember people's dirty thoughts and I feel like someone else is very angry.
They all are normal like us

I say good work really and good message and really goood luck I m from pakistan

Deepika is great I love deepika deepika k liye likes

We love u deepika .... U r beauty with brain ....

i support ms laxmi agarwal not to deepika padukon.

How can no one .. guess deepika&#39;s face... I could have very very very very easily.... Guessed her.... Means she&#39;s such a huge megastar and still people didn&#39;t recognized only...bcoz she was standing with the bunch of survivors...!!!! I pity... I wish I would&#39;ve been there....!!!!!!

Ur a beautiful soul deepika..... May god bless u dear
I always make sure iam not staring too much on any person no matter who that it would make them uncomfortable because a change always starts from ourselves and i believe in that

Just hate those peoples.. Insaniyat hi nahi he unlogo me.. Reactions toh dekh unki.. ️️️

atleast someone is actually working on these major issues because govt and law can do nothing rather than asking for gst and other unnecessary stupid things, standing ovation for her dedication and hardwork not only for movie promotion but giving this issue importance as well AND same for meghna ma&#39;am for choosing this social cause.

Who is single? Like 
Us Indians have a very bad habit of staring. We don&#39;t understand the concept of Civic decency. Sure, if you see something different, something not ordinary, you do take glance. But we , fucking, lock our eyes and just stare and make faces.

Such ridiculous person are there in our country it is a very shameful like that woman but very proud to  have people like Lakshmi and deepika who understands the situation of other people also. This is the reason why deepika is best actress in the world.

Please year please chhapaak movie Jake dekho bohot acchi movie hain year please Indian public sai mere binti hai please Jake dekho year chhapaak movie I&#39;m from Bangladesh esi movie chalni chahiye year please

Hyderabad's Disha rape case should not be questioned but Deepika Padukone, who is silent, is raising slogans at JNU for film promotion. Shame on you Deepika Bt respect all real acid attack survivors.
acid attack k baghair b log daikhty hain ese bat khair wu b nh coach log physical koch bura hu oska mazaq uraty hain koch log qudrati pyary nh hoty koch k sat ese incidents hu jaty hain koch jaal jaty hain but thing is humesha face sy hi logo Who loves her body, who demands her face, but she is the only one, who sucks all the faces, who is fat, who is thin, who is black, who has whitened her nose, who has a big pearl, who has long hair. You are a bad girl, you have rejected her, it is clear that you are the culprit, you have raped some poor girl, you are a bitch, the one who raped her, you have come clean, your family or wife have come to know about it, you are yourself. It is okay for the husband to do such a thing, but we ourselves have to accept that because he is a boy, but the girl's life is ruined if she has done something wrong or you have cheated her, you husband. There is a lot of peace and ease in moving on and there is a lot of women in every place and there is a lot of pride in it, but only in the tongue and in society culture, everything is humly and there is a lot of shame in it. We all are here to tell you how different we are.
None of these girls asked for this! How dare people can judge! It&#39;s is Shame how our society feels! I hope and pray that people who did this to beautiful girls! God will punish them!

Aisy log aik dhabba hain humari society keliye what does that women covering the face of her son expect from him in future??  Kabhi socha hai khud ke saath kuch hogaya to apna beta moo lagaye ga inhain??

Nice movie

Well done dipika mam
<a href="">
Hats off to DeepikaBeing such a huge personality she came down to streets of city with those victorious survivors without even a bit of hesitation..She is really an alpha woman

So sad to see the way  some people react



This is one of the best experiments in the world...so proud of you guys to go there and share this with us

A very inspiring video ️Really one change their reaction

Girls making face were very disgusting...n why most of the girls were scared...??? Cheap mentality....! Respect soul...and accept them...what happened with them may happen with anyone tomorrow...than why such a hatetrate look...i hate these girls who were making faces...!

That&#39;s how true Bollywood actors and actresses should be!! Hats off to Deepika!! She&#39;s a gem at heart!! I wish there was some movie on how brutally girls are raped and tortured in the country...

Who are commenting on others may be they can act like a same

Its not a movie..Its an emotion

Tears 
Again...salute &amp; hat&#39;s off to you Deepika &amp; your Chhapak team...!!! 

India waleh k najariya or Soch Kabhi badalneh wala Nahi <a href="">hai.so</a> Saal ho jayengeh tab b mentality ekdum cheap hi rahengeh
How cheep some peoples reaction. Shame on you.

The real heroine is Laxmi mamm but Deepika  to tukde tukde logo ki supporter hae.  Pehla desha bad mae baki Sab kuch

How can this video get dislikes...shame on them

Yes 
It is exceptional one. I will daily watch your videos

SALUTE to team Chappak for making this happen. Our reality. I SUPPORT CHAPPAKBOYCOTT ACID ATTACKSBOYCOTT INHUMANITY

No humanity at all! Even they are human beings! So true! Until n unless u go thru the pain u never understand other&#39;s pain

Well done.
These low mentality people can never raise our India highDon&#39;t know of others but I support the survivors.

our sisters..

My just realized how selfish I am! Complaining about weight gain looks and etc!

<a href="">02:34</a> I felt like.. what does she wants to teach her son!

What a hollow society we living in 

Those who had disgusting reaction. If you have said we are recording, the reaction would have been different, they would have all acted very SWEET..

The editor watches too much fucked up hindi serials

I hate people who make those idiotic faces at people who have a problemWhoever you are you are always beautiful and sexy

Wow...its so.amazing deepika ... Love you deepu ..you are the best actress

Bestttttt

I think logoke bareme nahi sochna chahiye sab log ajkal khubsurti ko hi importance dete hai just be confident about yourselves and love yourself the way you are That doesn&#39;t matter how your face looks what matters is that you are a warrior who fought for life after acid attack log to harkisiko body shame karte hai this is just a promo real mentality to isse bhi bohot buri hai bas apne aap pe bharosa rakho log jaye bhad me knyoki logoki soch film dekhke 2 din ke liye badlegi wapas wo apni aukat pr aa jayenge and yes it is true Agar aisa nhi hota to hamare desh me nirbhaya ke Bad koi rape nahi hota be strong girls

My like,love and lots n lots of blessings are Only for brave hearts <a href="">#Survivers</a>.... Not for that cheap movie Promoter <a href="">#deepika</a> 

Boycott chhapaak
Love u deepika..️
Who is perfect here??

Yes, log on to us, why don't we ask what will we do for you... Well, I will comment today or I will try to log on to you by commenting or watching videos, but we will never do anything, it has always been a drama, yes. Or will it happen...because human beings have thought that we don't care about anyone...but we forget that in the world we too can be with our own people...now so yes, we can see the rest of the world. How ridiculous can one go... 5 month old child raped, acid attack, raped in the bus, first raped and then burnt the girl, picked up a girl from GIV mall, now how stupid is it to see that or other girls or even you don't stop. Because here we can't stop you, this is the law because here even rapists get lawyers for protection... The country had changed, or will not change... Even if a little shame is left. Yes, that's why this girl is seen from the perspective of her sister. Actually, look from the perspective of a girl, as if my mother or sister is proud, she too would be like that...but yes, Hawan is probably the one who would not even hit his mother's daughter. ..now think so…..because yesterday what happened in the house today will also happen in your house again.....
Those who behave like this are not actually human...
Nautanki
No one is born ugly... We just live in judgemental society

we&#39;r lossing a thing which called humanity

<b>There is no talk of just cheating, boycott Bollywood and eat poor people's money (producer director actor actress), this is wrong</b> 
Bravo
People reactions is very worst specially women who said uper se nahi pehnugi me issse

Respect for Deepika 

They are shameless Shame on you chiiii Every acid survive are beautiful

The most weird part when the girls make weird face while seeing this that is also shameless manner.

LOGON KO APNI SOCH BADALNI CHAHIE 

If she had been so concerned about us, she would have spent her days with the wives of Nirbhaya and not with Janu.. Beggar Deepika for money. U r no more my favorite
Some girls reaction was really disgusting...

The people leaving negative, unsupportive comments in this comment sections are the ones who have too much pride in their country that they fail to handle criticisms from those people who are pointing out the ugly truth of Indian society. They either blame the video editor or they come up with some other ridiculous reason. Indian society needs to be taught to be more OPEN-MINDED. They are aware that their country has a high-ranking in acid attacks yet they stare at acid-attack survivors. Staring is considered to be impolite and rude in many societies overseas which is why any foreigner watching this video will come to the assumption that the people staring at Deepika and those other girls are extremely disrespectful and rude. The lady covering her son&#39;s face is already going to turn out to be a pretty bad parent if she&#39;s not going to teach her son the right things. Maybe she will learn in the future, or maybe she won&#39;t if she continues to hold such mentality just like many other people in this comment section and in India hold.

Ab sale kuch to saram karo...... Unlike dedi na samj kar... Iss video ko.... Nalayko

Some people giving the normal look but camera man showing it like a wierd one...But some girls gave nasty look.Good work Deepika!!!!

What is the meaning of chhapaak?
Deepika Padukone is a great heroin.
Some people just took a normal look.Editor typecasted them.

These cameras weren&#39;t really hidden!

You are a human being, you have to understand the insanity...so you don't want to bother anyone...the goal is to do...Jai Ramji.
The problem is in countries like india, people actually stare too much and continue staring even after one glanc  in places like the uk we tend to not want to stare at people&#39;s faces as it&#39;s awkward and  rude if the person ends up seeing you looking at them and it just gets awkward.

No English captions


You should blur the faces Those who ignored  u becoz Its there choices  .!

Yeh <a href="">2:34</a> vala too much hogaya...  Editor kuch bhi edit karke daaldetha...

Deepika you are an amazing soul. Just how amazing it is that nobody realised  dat it cud be you. Nice social experiment. We need more like these..

Some disgusting people out there!!

You&#39;re great depeeka️
Just keep intention of good deepika

Desh main 50 crore chutiya hain toh kya 50 crore ache bhi hain...soch badlo.....Desh jarur badelaga

Worst movie ever.... Padu kon
Awesome dipika mam r u real indian baki sab sale paisa kamane lage he..

Very nice deepika mam
Deepika and Laxmi obviously  are the true inspiration of the acid attack survivals...don’t even fkg care about the. People who are blaming you for JNU...hats of to the girls it’s to hard to live in society these days because of poor people behaviour ... but these girls never give up

Sad reality of this cruel world....

Can anybody tell me  that what i have to do when i see someone like this ? I will do a normal eye contact with them

It&#39;s world known truth noone likes to see ugly faces! That&#39;s the reason these heroines are hired! Deepika what do u expect them to do?!  Even  a dark skin person is given same look as these ladies!It&#39;s human dear!

I as a man who hasnt seen an acid victim in real life want to put few of my thoughts.If someday i came across one, I would be looking at them like many people in this video did. Not because i hate them or it makes me uncomfotable but because i haven&#39;t seen them in flesh. So i blame the editor here for few place where be put that sound and edit. They were normal look.AND for few people who were rude to them should be getting moral lessons and classes. Especially that girl at <a href="">1:22</a>-<a href="">1:23</a> and that mother.Msg for the mother.Their face is not scary so you shouldn&#39;t be covering your sons face. You should let your son see and tell him what happened.

they r definitely not a hidden camera

The girl at <a href="">1:22</a> is so mean cheapooo

We have always help to the acid attack survivors please

Honestly I can never trust dipika, she has somehthing which makes her not trustworthy like she has a shield which she never drops.

Chhapaak is an exceptional film, brought to life by three immensely talented women, @deepikapadukone @meghnagulzar and @atikachohan. This is great cinema, powered by the female gaze, do not miss this.

Wow !! Deepika u r fabulous

Well,what do you expect from people?India itself is a racist country.

Hats off

I FEEL THAT SOCIETY NEVER MAKES IT EASY FOR THOSE WHO HAVE SUFFERED FROM ISSUES LIKE ACID ATTACK AND RAPE BUT YET THESE GIRLS ARE STRIVING TO LIVE. TRUE WARRIORS.
Kese log hain ye jo itna bura behav kr rahay hain jese insaan hi nahi hain acid attack survival... Im with u all n great work deepika  i love u alot Jaan ho aap meri sis... Apki jesi nature soch or dil Allah subko day Ameen brave girls hats off ... Love from Karachi Pakistan  

Positive energy for you all who is reading this... <a href="">

<a href="">1:20</a> and <a href="">1:22</a>

Who are these stupid people and what kind of fools are they making? 
# there is a indian dramas touch in the video....

I never changed my thoughts because I never changed my thoughts because the acid girl never got into trouble.
Great job mam

Shame on those women who look at acid attack victims with disgust these type of people have no empathy just shame on them. 

Seeing this video I felt shameless for a moment being an Indian

Nice movie 
I can't speak badly to you.
You are great mam

Kaise react kar rahe the omg .shocking

Just think how they resist these behaviour every day. It gave me goosebumps. I mean just put yourself for 1 minute in their place. You will definitely have goosebumps like I had. Laxmi agarwal is so true that acid is in our minds. We need to get rid of it immediately or it will burn our whole brain.

Reality check

Concept is awesome! May God bless all the girls

Everyone here talks as if they have never do this to this people U r the most fake guys

Everyone in this video&#39;s commend only talks about indian peopla mentality...When this comes to u will u guys follow it

I&#39;m also a girl,  but there is no single words to say... U Deepika really really.. Hat&#39;s off u and all &quot;chhapaak&quot; team members ....&quot;no words, only tears in my eyes.... And also credit goes to Laxmi... Kamal ki lady....hat&#39;s off.. 

Today, there are so many filthy dogs in India whose thoughts are worth so much, why don't they go?
<b>**Massage thoda Lamba hai but padiyega jarur I request to you**</b>Deepika mam log aise dekh rahe the jaise ki ye apko nahi kisi bhut Ko dekh liya ho. Jaise lagta hai ki ham is society ke lete ham ek abhishap hai jaise hamne Apne sath khud hi Bura Kiya hai . Sab upper se bahut dikhate hai aur bahut hi shantava dete hai ki ham apke sath hai. But really life me bilkul iska opposite hai but main ye nahi kahti ki inke jaise sab log hote hai is video me kuch aise log hui hai jo apka support karte hai. Itni sare log apki movie &quot; CHAPPAK &quot; dekhne ja rahe hai but as a movie but unhe ye nahi pata hoga ki is movie se hame ek Shikh multi hai and I am really sorry agr meri bat ka Bura Laga ho but ye sach hai and all the best  for your movie .

Thank you deepika Salaam hai apko dearGod bless you
deepika is doing alot

Right

You can also edit normal looks and show them something 
The people who unliked this video will be the people made faces in the video isn&#39;t i m right?If yes then hit like

Beauty is inside not outside

These are idiots of high level , biggest shame . Mera Bharat mahaan 

Here people are reacting like those crawd was soo bad soo rude and explaining they should be little kind to those people and they are getting offended but first look at ourself.i dont know about others but unfortunately I’ll be in that crawd i think i had done the same as the crawd as behave(ingnoring such people) and i feel sorry for myself but this had teached me a things to behave nice to everyone and i think this video has showm me mirror. Dont comment about anyone who was cruel to them ask yourself you feel bad because you might I repeat maybe you might have done same thing..

This is the reality of India, we abuse the government here, how much truth have I told myself..?
they are warrior i just die if everyone givs such a riduculous reactions

The great Dipika...!!
Woman is the enemy of woman.
good work mam
The people are really like this, they should just change now

Every human being has a comfort zone. Every human being cannot handle every situation. Please take it just an example. Every human being has not seen a dead body because he is not comfortable. I am not comparing these girls with body but it's just That every human being can see every cheek and this is human nature. Some are more mature and some are not. Some people react positively and some react negatively and some do not react. Judging someone on the basis of a 2 or 3 minute video is not good. Just a question, this experiment is a little over 1 or 2 years old since the movie came out. why not?
Think what will happen if people came 2 no that d ignored girl is deepika padukon What will u do in there place?Me-I&#39;ll take selfies wid them n upload by telling that I&#39;m luckiest person born to take selfies wid goddess

Well done experiment.. facts or truth revealed.... Grt Deepika

I’m respecting the acid attack survivors

1447 Which dogs do you dislike?
This joke was made that the film of the girl who is playing a role in her life should not have been released.
Dipeeka is making part 2 of the video, she asked the person who died and asked her why she would die.
U saw the reality of many people like in the a Taf situation u need someone&#39;s help just to raise their voice but... pyaar karoo insan ko us khuda ke liye jisne tumhe banaya hai usne sabko hi banaya hai kisika ishwar kisika Allah jiska jobi hai sab ko us uparwalane banaya tho  hai

I&#39;m so proud of you Dipika

Hatsoff to u mam u r doing a great job.Love u so much deepika mam and love for all the acid attack survivors

<a href="">2:33</a> the mother at the end covering her son&#39;s eyes are heart-wrenching! How could people be so inhumane!

Sad thing is look at the face of ladies even

You r now faked

I think it&#39;s fake.. anyone could have recognised Deepika padukone

Scripted

Allah knows how to save all girls and women from such problems. Whose mistake is ours and who is the one who is going to talk about humanity, wow wow.
It&#39;s not right to accuse the curious stares....I don&#39;t think they are judging.. They are just curious..... And ofcourse there are those s...... People.....We must know the difference and this publicity stunt people must have made some difference.....Just because you are from a poised society you cannot point to the other larger society of India which stares because of curiosity...

If these people first knew that she is Deepika then she would talk to her nicely whenever anyone came near her, but it seems that this is why these people behave so strangely...after watching this video these people definitely understood. stay high
Love u dp ️
Majority people r insensible in this world

Kese log rehte hai.. Ish duniya mein aab pata chaala... Thank you fo this vdo......

its very strange ki dipika padukone mam koi pehchana hi hii
Very sad especially I believe aurat to aurat ka dard samjhe

Shocking GoodWork<a href="">
Well Deepika ji, what viewpoint do you want to change?
please respect all people they are also human like us ..

Half of the reactions were just a second glance but editor sensationalized it with that background music. And it is not just acid attack survivors, but Indians in general have a tendency to &quot;stare&quot; when they see anything or anyone different - be it differently abled, differently dressed, special needs etc. Most of them are out of curiosity and they do not understand how awkward those glances and looks can be for the person in question.

Definitely they will regret<a href="">#if</a> they come to know she was not normal girl dam she was depikaaa

What the shit people they are

She is the real star️

This just goes to show how some people are still uneducated and their ignorance in this day and age..wish you all the best of luck and good wishes...🇬🇧

Before releasing this moovie I would like to watch it , but after seeing her in JNU I changed my view about Dipika. She has no sympathy with Laxmi Agrawal, she only  wants to earn money .

See when any person will see an acid attack survivor it will send down chill down the spine. And it would take a moment to recover. I believe it was more a feeling of getting scared than anything else.Though no hiding the fact that the Indian society does discriminate on the basis of looks.But then these Bollywood stars themselves sell gora hone ka fair lovel products.Stop selling fairness cream as first step of fighting discrimination on the basis of looks

Great job deepika mam

Salute

Hi guys I want to say something .. Tanhaji is released with Chappak ... I have seen that most people&#39;s are disrespecting Chappak to promote Tanhaji .both films are different guys I watched both and both films are great ...plz don&#39;t write or post bad about chappak just show Tanhaji more good

This is reality of people. Its a great movie great experience with great cause everyone should watch it

I disliked this video bcoz of only those people who made strange faces after seeing the Victims.

Useless society 100 years after no body no bones this societyAll of you

good work  mam
Hate those people who act rudely ..after all acid attack survivors r humans only

whats their reaction when they came to know its deepika

Some people&#39;s mentality is too bad in our India

I felt like I had learned a little bit about myself without getting nervous. No one can do it but you and Ranveer are very good…my FVRt Hero Ran.
Love you deepu
Realty of today&#39;s world

The worst people are the ones that treat them like aliens ..they show no mercy,support or kindness.

We all should see chapaak

CHHAPAK  sound a grt pain MUST MK IT social  awareness 

your idea is good
I love u deepika
I really love this movie 

They missed the chance to meet Deepika

worst acting by deeps

The narrow minded people ! Shame on you all !

Im glad to born in sri lanka we dont have such a cruel ppl

Log o ko asa nhi KRNA chahiye tha... Yrr would bhi insaan hain... Deepika ma&#39;am thanks ki aap assa ek film banaye.... Aur good work team... People need to understand that we should respect them and not to hate them.... Again very good work Deepika ma&#39;am and team....

The people are behaving so rude

 touched my heart 
Disgusting  people
Good work Depika, this film of yours has felt like a pain in my heart madam, I love you Ranveer also, I am sorry, I am from Pakistan, I wish you would have been like any actress in Pakistan, I wish I loved you, Depika madam..Allah ap Ku always. Keep you happy or all your films are always blockbusters. Allah keep you happy madam love you.
Wow India 
I hope this movie helps to change the mentality of atleast 1 people so that a girl can be saved from acid attack or other molestation

I think people are not disgusted they just feel bad for other other person and feel empathy towards them.Would you not be taken back with sudden appearance of such a victim?its not that you hate them its just naural reaction anyways we should embrace these girls and show them that to be human is more than jist your physical looks.People are people no matter thr circumstances.

I don&#39;t know how will I react on those situations.. But I am happy that few of them including those aunties were helping them 

I dont think they r reacting bad or cheap..they r just looking normally..how they look others..y this cameraman and sound person..showing it like ekta kapoor serial shocking scenes..

Love you Deepika..  you are not just a successful actress but a Better human being.. You are much more beautiful by your heart.. 

Camera loaded 10 kilo over drama
Yes!. We must condemn acid attacks and call for strict punishments. Even threatening of acid attack must be an non bailable offense

Honestly, most of the looks did not appear as anything disrespectful. The video is trying portray something not happened. The people were not bad. Lets be honest..

<a href="">2:36</a> what&#39;s the woman doing to his son No humanity shame on you people 

This might sound offensive but actually i don&#39;t think most people in the video were really giving them disgust looks. I think most of them were just curious bcoz you don&#39;t see an acid attack survivor every day. It not normal and generally humans are curious  about abnormal things or people.The editors really made most of them look bad with his dramatic music and editing.Btw, these fighters have my utmost respect. And i truly hope that no one has to suffer what these brave girls have suffered in their life.

Deepika mam very kind of you.... love you a lot mam......

Wow!!!!!! I feel a little ashamed now to be in this society....

I likeD u UNTIL u stood beside traitors, anti nationals.. No more of u/ur movies.. U r diso, disappointing deepika

Brother, I feel scared after seeing them, no one is wrong, maybe I too have the same reaction.
Yaar aise to nazar chlo jaati h please man come on

Deepika you are great

To all those people who look at people with difficulties as like they&#39;ve never seen before a human. They should realise that if the same thing would have happened to them , the whole society would have ignored just the same way they are ignoring. Shame to those people who think that some touch can create disgrace , society needs to know the basic values and help others. Understand them and try to help them . Thank you for reading this.

We are conditioned to one thing. We would react the same if we were not aware of things. Movies like these, change the perspective.  Thank Deepika for it.

This is The saddest thing about peoples mentality that when they feel someone is quite different form others in any case of appearance and look then they ask for photographhs or prefer to take pictures secretly,gossip and stare at those people but  whens it comes for good purpose they don&#39;t even call for a ambulance and prefers to keep recording videos..most of the times i don&#39;t look at someone and even if i do accidently then i pretend not to see that person because i know he/she will feel uncomfortable us staring at them but i better prefer to smile at them and talk to them if no one is doing that.

I will boycott this movie not to support acid attackers but to not support Deepika..

Everyone should support this movie..

This is how many people thought deepika was another person 

Speechless
Yes we are with you....if our society accept murderers , criminals , rapiests ...why they are not..they are also a human being and I am just to cry when people reacting badly

very good movie hy mam
Wow a very inspirational message for society

Hats of to u deepika padukone and chhappak team 

Hate deepika
No results are obtained from such an effort, perhaps we are taught to live like this in society. Ex- someone's mistake has to be paid for by an innocent person
You will be immortal in the history of films, Deepika
Bhakt log in real life has boycotted them and what is the purpose of their hatred?
Ye thik tha jnu gayi ab pura najriya badal geya

Great video

Deepika was looking so ugly in chapaak. This is why it flopped. People want glamor.

BE REAL THEN NAZRIYA BADLO

SHAME ON DEEPIKA FOR GOING TO JNU JUST FOR <a href="">PROMOTION.YOU</a> DIDN&#39;T GO THERE BECAUSE YOU FELT FOR THE STUDENTS! BE REAL!
SHAME ON CHAPAK TEAM FOR SENSATIONALIZING REACTION OF PPL

Very bad pr campaign CHAPAK team.they were not making faces!

Nazariya needed to be changed Hats off 

Really sad to see soceity how they react towards the victim who have under gone acid attack

Shame on the ones who do dis kind of things (rapist) and biggest shame on those who treat the survivors disrespectfuly

Sory sory sory.. Me react this type sorry

Wow u deserve more respect from all industry seriously down to earth

Brilliant experiment. Well done.

nice attempt

The reaction on the face of some people was so good that they felt like going in front of me and saying &quot;aaa thu&quot; Kahu
Nice Deepika good job
This shows the cheap mentality of people

We can speak good with them instead of avoiding and showing faces. What they want is to be treated like a normal man. But adding sympathy to whatever they do, might make them aswell others petrified, clueless and helpless

Just acting, all the people are not like that.

Its easy to blame these people. But many of us would have behaved in same manner . Because we have this annonying behaivour towards unsymmetrical things.

Dekho yar sau baat ki ek baat india mei hmesha auratein victim victim krti hai.dekho in ladies ko video mei.they should throw acid on themselves n die.itna cheap.aur yar dusro ke lie kya bolu.mai toh khud aise react krti.i feel ashamed n cheap

Heartbreaking ️
Nice promotion

wow you are great deepi phli bollywood queen who showed herself to everyone in the morning and made people think
Actually it&#39;s not that people felt disgusted to see them. It&#39;s just that they got a shock, it&#39;s not on a daily basis that u see an acid attacked victim. So it takes some time for your mind to register.some did behave badly, but most of them were shocked

Well done Deepika mam. that&#39;s why I like Deepika 

Look at the ignorant ppl from <a href="">1:18</a>......how bad

I support

I went to see Chhapaak with my mother. She doesn&#39;t follow social media so she had no idea about the concept of movie. When i told her it is Deepika Padukone...she didn&#39;t believe. She later told me if I had not told her...she never would have identified.Kudos to you and your make-up team.

SOME PEOPLE THAT NEVER CHANGE  WE SHOULD RESPECT THEM

great....amazing 
Felt so bad...log on how you behave my friend...it is necessary to have a true face to the world...inka haak ki wo liye jaise wo ji sakte...just 1 word for u Deepika thank u
Very goooooood yr.
Esa ka matlb beauti also important in life

sid nahai aesid
<a href="">#AB</a> BADALNA HAI 
Said ko bend karo please please please please please please please please  his ke vajah se ak insan kiy laif badal jathi hai .....fekne vala tho ji ta hai magar his par ye atek hoaa vo har roj har pal sehe.......ta hai

Shit ️Cheap mentalities is found everywhere 

People in the society are not giving weird looks because they are afraid or don&#39;t want to see these people but they are afraid of those bastards who have done this. I am sorry to say but even I don&#39;t know how I perceive these people      but now I am going to prepare myself in the better way possible.

Deepika padukone your and victim your family also reacts in same way....

@<a href="">1:23</a> this women&#39;s reaction is disgusting ya...she thinks that she will never get old and ugly in her life..poor lady 

Gandu we saw your face in jnu
They hired someone from Indian Soap opera and News channels to edit this video.

Fake woman

Its a normal reaction.. Bcz, when we see something different,we look into it. Sometimes with anxiety or fear.. Cant blame that people.. Its only a reflex reaction.

<a href=""> subscribe and support.

Making story, nt an incident....Bt still our society is very vulgarity

Getting a little shocked the moment we see them. Or keep staring at them for few seconds. Yeah I would do that. But not helping them, changing my face reaction, moving away from them, judging them. I&#39;ll never do that Even before the movie came.

What was wrong in this,They were just looking at the girls, i didn&#39;t see anything akward in this.

What thoughts come to people's mind after seeing a sad face after an acid attack and what kind of expressions do people have? Just think about that girl, how much she has to face in her life after the acid attack.
Imagine realizing that you were in the video... 

I deeply  feel bad for the girl that was attacked by acid. But deepika n team is only doing fr film promotion. These all r scripted .like going to jnu,crying infront of cam <a href="">etc.As</a> a whole this film industry people hv no emotion only they think of MONEY  n nothing.

boycott chappak in theatres and watch in movierulz so,that we can shut Deepika mouth

<a href="">#BOICOTTchhapak</a>

I love you laxmi 
Nice friend, you are very amazing... It is absolutely necessary to change your perspective... GOD BLESS 
This so so deepnd shameless to indian people thinking

Well done dipika mam and all team is video ko dekhne k baad ye to peta chela k log sirf bedi bedi baate kerte h un ki reality saaf jahir    ho  gyi same on this people 

Aapne lakshmi or unke jaise or ladkiyo ki savmvedna ko  smja

I love you ma&#39;me for yr great work

The peoples are so ruined If they get to know that she&#39;s Deepika than everyone will come like a dog But now I feel guilty how they behave

Nazariya badaliye Nazariya aapne aapne jayega cloudy
Insaniyat nahi hai ye log me I hate this person

How is this face, what are you doing, why do you need Sharam Aani?
Shame shame shame for those peoples 

Deepika is the best

Hii people ....ji ha Mai apse he baat kr Raha hu.... comment section  walo.....with due respect ky apko randomly ese situation mile apko PTA na ho ki koi social experiment hai....then,,,,,,,,ky AP ese react krte ya nii?? Please, say yes or no in the comments section ....don&#39;t need any like or comment here!

Salute Mam 

Great 
Very sad

All credit goes to deepika mam ko milna chahiye

If the celebs Eve take off their make up and act natural like in Hollywood movies that&#39;s enough.

You are making fun of A-Attack victims to earn money.... just shame on you Deepika Pad-Kone-Me...
Still a long way to go for experiencing equality in real sense.... Just breaks my heart to see their behavior, the way they were looking at them, ignored them.... Proves why other countries are so developed than ours... Development starts with mentality!!! <a href="">#supportchappak</a>

Deepika herself has thrown away or burnt the mask of her make up after the movie shooting, so she herself also needs to change her attitude. And which one is being told in the media and which one is not, you should also think about it. chahiye.general human being, if the eyes do not like its expression, this is what happens, whether it is a thing or a human being, we can judge the behavior of someone by observing him, this is the expression of only common people. This will happen.okkey Deepika ji these are my own views.please don't take it personal.okkey.
How did she done the makeup pls show us

Asal​ may​ be​ in​ ​what​ do​ I​ live​ in the​ way​ of​ people​ in​ my​ ugly​ sight​ or​ no one​ likes​ to​ see​ my​ ugly face
In my opinion she is only promoting her movie it will be interesting to see after the movie then how much she support this cause with so heartfully as she is

I feel so bad for all those that are acid servivers but after reading about everything I wanna say you All are pretty and bravest in this world you guys face these challenges everyday and those acid attackers deserve the worlds worst punishment i am really proud that Deepika is standing with them and I can&#39;t wait to see this movie I have been so excited for weeks and I&#39;ve told all my friends to watch it to way to go Deepika

Double standards actors

This movie should be boycotted, it earns money from this country and it abuses me.
Boycott chaapak I don&#39;t know Deepika Padukone.  She doesn&#39;t know me..

OMG I fucked my girlfriend the same day Dipika ji...bullshit yrrrr....
Every thing is fine, but i think  you should not have join the JNU tukde tukde

Lvu all 

This video is scripted for movie promotion...


What kind of video was not shot... or what did the society know?
Love you Deepu. U r sach a co  

This looks scripted. And the background music further sensationalizes reactions which are even normal.

Respect Laxmi Agarwal 

All my love and prayers to those who suffered... But these bollywood celebrities and community has no right to do these social experiments... These people are hypocritical, narrow minded and self centred... these are the same people advertise for beauty brands and now wants to give message... Sit and talk with all those people you ideots... I am sure 99% of them are good...

I remember, when I had a lot of acne and scars , people made absolutely yucky faces wherever I went. The sad truth is we deal with hate on everyday basis due to skin colour, height, weight, clothes, appearance etc. Chhapaak is not just a movie but a movement seeking for change in perspective. Thanks dear Deepika, Meghna and everyone associated for such awesome piece of art.

Last me jab ek aunty apne bete ki mu dhak raha tha na......sala itna gussa aaya.......

Deepika lovers <a href="">
Huge respect for Deepika!! It&#39;s time people to remove the acid from your own brains..! Her film will flourish and do wonders in every sensible person&#39;s heart who watches it..



To be honest as a transgender person i am well aware of such strong reactions from people..and it is a challenge to go out in the public without getting harrased or starred at or mocked...there is no fault of acid survivors yet some people make them feel unwelcomed and non existing.

Deepika 
Woww what a way to slap those who did  depikaa you are great 

At some point I felt That the editting dhangdhang sound was not required..Some people just gave a normal look..But some were avoiding them

Shameless people..

Did sharukh khan, salman khan, amir khan romanced with unfair and black girl in the movie? they want foreign heroines with best figure and white and fair skin. many unfair people in India living happily Did deepika came into movies with unfair skin? did deepika not promote beauty products?these videos are financed to promote  their movie to lure audience. please dont believe in movie heros and heroins. they have been ruining society with showing  bad culture in movies.Common people are leading their life responsibly.

1.2k dislike devotee ne hi kiye honge 
When i first saw this title I really didn&#39;t expect that kind of reaction what&#39;s worng with them what if it&#39;s happened to their on loved ones will their reaction still be the same...? Shame on them a person&#39;s beauty is not from out side those people are ugly who don&#39;t respect because their judgment is upon how is someone look like...?Proud of you Deepu &amp; the whole team...i love ️youWe all are same...we all are humans...

A huge Bravo  to Megha Deepika n team

Superb mam I am very proud

i un followed her on jnu visit. you also do the same.

Some ppl are really shitty to give such disgust looksBut some of them are just looking thats normal, if u see something unusual then u would give it a second look Need not to put that dramatic sound every fucking time

They are not even look at her. The actress and her team had made it look like as if they were. They all were minding their own business. This video is way too cringy. No doubt the message behind it is good, but don’t try to push it down our throat.

Alas
So painful to see how people reacted

Idk if its publicity or what..but what they did is something for which they shd be appreciated

How can you confirm that people saw these women as untouchables? Anything can be done by editing... Get ready for someone suing you for showing them in the bad light.... Worst marketing ever.. this is not gonna help your movie

Idk why people are behaving so rude.They are also humans .There&#39;s no point of behaving like this.Rip humanity.They should be ashamed of themselves.

He is a true bat.
Add

I regret my action

These all are publicity gimmicks, dont get fooled, the public too are actors. Boycott Chaapak

When people die, there is no bed left, then the thought of the society disappears.
People who are going to boycott this movie is supporting acid throwers

Book your tickets here!Book My Show: <a href=""> <a href="">

Superb mam ur a real super star

This is Meghna Gulzar............Hindu muslim is the only topic in the world...there are many topics in the world where a movie should be made.
Nice

Those who act unlike you are the biggest dogs.
When Its a real story why to change name and religion of the attacker ?? Show the way it has happened !

Salute u dipu god bless you

Deepika podukane I actually see this video I really shocked what expression about the people   I have to say something about all those people whose expression very worst  The natural beauty is comes from inner beauty

I became very emotional after watching this video. I mean how painful it is that everyone has to survive and face the public. People look at them with a scary and dirty look as if the victim is not human.
Great mam miru

I would look at them too, if they passed by me. That doesn&#39;t mean I have an ill will against them.

A prank in need is a prank indeed 
I would suggest that you should show this video before starting the movie in hall. At least people will see themselves how they look when they react please

Love you Dipika

<a href="">#boycottchhappak</a>#

Excelent

Kanahiya ne to jnu me deepika ko pehchanane se inkar kar dia..I dun think she really deserves malti ji&#39;s role. For malti ji huge respect..but for deepikaShe can do anything for publicity..

Isn&#39;t it <b>Objectifying</b> by taking a selfie with that lady without knowing who/what is she ?.No one in the comment section considered this. Comment section People are glorifying whoever is taking a selfie with them..To those Selfists:- How can you be so sure that they are Acid attack survivors? (anyone may get such face like natural defect or some accident or attack which need not to be considered as Acid Attack)..Just saying 

I think it&#39;s because ppl saw Deepika that they were surprised rather than the burn marks

Omg 1.1k dislikes!!!!ohh God humanity guys!!!

What an experiment    ..     nadim khan to  rajesh ... Secularism???????

Malti ke buut chhoti clip hai or Essese bada clip video nahi hai
Good Job Whole All Team Chhapaak God bless you to all entire Family Chaaapak  Pleasure Welcome Malti Hamare Desh ki padmavati Welcome leela Welcome pink

Welcome Malti Swagatam Brave Girl Women&#39;s Power Our Guider

Welcome Chhapaak

Really its movie is the evergreen message to all peoples be awareness and be help each other its movie is the top film in the world

Beauty lies in the eyes of observer

Bravo...Change your thinking, the country will change...
To all the people getting offended by people looking down upon the acid attack victims - Stop being so fake. Most of you would have done the same . It&#39;s harsh, but it&#39;s the truth of our society!

All I see was a clever editing where people are portrayed  as cruel...Shame on u guys for using those survivors(fighters) in the name of social experiment for your b********t business/promotion...They aren&#39;t invisible ...and yes people see them...are u ppl suggesting that no one should see them..then how is that gonna make them normal..wanna give them respect??..then how about treating them NORMAL ..instead of creating a scene out of it...THIS ISNT FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE SOCIETY OR THOSE VICTIMS...ITS JUST TO FILL YOUR POCKETS..ITS ALL THAT YOU CARE .. IT&#39;S JUST A BUSINESS FOR U GUYS

This is Lakshmi Agarwal, the film Chhapaak is made on her. In 2005, a boy named Nadim_Khan had thrown acid on Lakshmi in Khan Market, Delhi. In order to keep the secular fabric intact, our Bollywood has changed the name of Nadeem to Rajesh in the film.
feel sorry for that incidents happened in there life..god should bless them with good things going forward

I&#39;ve a second thought to this..i reckon our brain is prone to distorted images so first time reaction shouldnt be counted.Though totally against the discrimination they have to face for no fault of theirs.

Is anyone knows the music name starting <a href="">00:14</a> ???

Thats y i love dipika&#39;s character she is the one who can understands peoples feelings....... i love you five thousands time.....RegardsMohsin from MUMBAI🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳

Nadeem Khan was attacker not rajesh

Random hooman:* normally looks around*them: EXCUSE ME??? WHAT??? WE ARE OFFENDED AND WE WANT SOME DRAMATIC BLACK AND WHITE EDITING WITH SOME EMOTIONAL MUSIC!!!!

It is necessary to change the perspective...
Actually I cried while watching it...

Don't know what Deepika's picture is being used for promotion..
I dont like
Nice

We are going to watch this movie...and it&#39;s a very positive side of movies...one should make...appreciate and watch too...NAZARIYA BADLEGA...BADALNA BHI CHAHIYEAH

Why this sensationalism? If I see someone a bit different, I&#39;ll look twice. Some people were a bit off, that&#39;s understandable, but should we just not look even normally? What are we supposed to do, gouge our eyes out?P.S. - Nothing against the survivors of the crime.

Many people are just looking. No  disgust or anything. Just looking.But yes we can be more acomodative and helpful.

It&#39;s not completely hatred or aversion. As much as we read and appreciate the survival stories of acid attack victims,i have not encountered them in public except for very few instances. If you observe the lady at <a href="">1:13</a>, she&#39;s taken aback for just a second and then realises that she&#39;s a victim. Same happened to me once and it took a few seconds until i understood her plight. But what really depressed me was that in those few seconds when she encountered my blank stare,i could see her helpless condition,the embarrassment that she faces daily,and the countless pair of eyes watching her from all directions. I could feel her pain.I feel that we&#39;re all responsible for the pain she have endured. And the least thing we can do is to appreciate the brave women who  refuses to surrender to a society of hypocrites.

aap ne kitna badla dipika g... pls tell me ...siraf movie tak he uske age.....?

Yes...show them the mirror...how stupid the look when they stare a girl having scars on her face

U dont have to do make up.... Just go like that, u won&#39;t be recognized... <a href="">#boycotchappak</a>

Nonsense and judgementalIf someone gives even a regular look, just bcoz they looked at an acid attackd face, they were portrayed as inappropriate. They may be looking at others too in sameway. Also, some ppl expressions are same as when see someone strange looking, doesn&#39;t mean reacting as an ugly looking.

More editing has been done
Listen you idiots , sone times the thoughts in peoples mind is that of empathy. People want to know the story, want to embrace them with love but at the same time dont want to make people uncomfortable. You wanted to direct it in a way that people are wrong and you achieved it. Well played for the promotion of the movie. Shaming people randomly. You dont know the back story of these people. What do you think , they will randomly come and hug or ask for selfie. Bollywood has shown ki promotion k liye kuch bhi karenge

Boycott Chhapaak
Everyone should stop commenting here and learn to respect others.
Laxmi Agarwal faced a brutal Acid attacked in 2005 in New Delhi by Nadeem Khan as she refused to marry himQuestion : Why in film Deepika changed the name &quot;Nadeem Khan&quot; to Hindu name &quot;Rajesh&quot;?Shameless Hindus will still watch film and clap

This experiment showed the real face of the logo
Everyone looks at me like this. And bad people will look at me with bad eyes, no matter who is in front of me. Due to the music, I could not understand what people were saying. And the mother had covered the mouth of that child because perhaps he was making some negative comment. Don't do anything that can hurt them, whatever happens, everyone be happy, down with CAA!
It is your decision to watch Chhapaak Chhapaak movie or not. In this, Deepika is not in her hot sexy form for which Deepika is known. Deepika has played the role of an acid attack victim. And she is playing the role of a character with a face disfigured by acid. There will be no romance in this. Nor will there be any situational comedy. There will be no bedroom scene in the movie. There is no dance item. This film is not for entertainment at all. This is an art film. Working 6 days a week Indian common people get only one day, Sunday weekend. In that too, instead of working for a week and watching a mentally confusing art film, it is an expensive deal. Therefore, it is better to spend this short time in outings with the family. Nowadays, even the newest movie is available on some channel of TV in just a month. When you have a high end TV, you have a high end home theater. And to watch a 2 hour movie in the theater, you have to spend 4 hours. If you waste time, that too on the only Sunday, then when will you live your life? The question is about Chhapaak movie, this movie is a message. It is a message to the society. It is a message to the society of which we are also a part. Based on the real story of struggle. It is a story of distorted mentality vs positivity. It is a story of victory of evil and justice over good. Hence, it is a must watch on TV after a month of its release, whenever it is released. This movie is a dramatized presentation of Laxmi Aggarwal's Aap Beeti Kahani. You can read the story of Lakshmi Aggarwal's struggle from this link of Wikipedia. It has more details than the movie.<a href="">Now that Deepika Padukone has supported the Tukde Tukde gang in JNU, now it is your turn to support Deepika's upcoming film or not. If you do not boycott the movies of people like Deepika, Anurag Kashyap, it clearly means that you are pro-Afzal and support the Tukde Tukde gang. You have no value for the sacrifice of Indian soldiers and the tears of their families. The person who carried out the acid attack on Lakshmi. The name was Naeem Khan. This movie is influenced by the urban Naxal leftist element. That is why Lakshmi's character was named Malti but the boy Naeem Khan's character was not named Khan but was named Rajesh. <b>Boycott</b><b>Now watch Chhapaak movie after 1 month of its release on any movie channel on TV. (Do not watch in theatre.)
It requires nothing but just being sensitive and respectful towards differences round the globe, everything and everyone is different, be it a girl, a guy or even animals, so just be gentle. Spread love and get in return.

<a href="">#Boycott</a> <a href="">#deepika</a>

Hum apke sath h

<a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a> <a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a><a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a>

We humans are easy to fool, we have to learn how to look beyond what the camera show us.I accept the fact that people look at acid attack survivors weirdly, but in this video not everyone who is looking at them is looking in a bad way. Humans give same facial expressions to many things which might mean opposite to reach other.

A villain got so scared of a heroine that the whole gang broke up. We liked this fear <a href="">#ISupportDeepika</a><a href="">#DeepikaPadukone</a><a href=" "#ChhapakDekhoTapaakSe</a>
Hats off you mam

<a href="">#Isupportdeepika</a>

Hats off to you all....I thought after seeing this whole video people will understand...this don&#39;t deserve a single dislike..

No other actor has courage to do so, respect ma&#39;am 

LoL that&#39;s just normal reactions It doesn&#39;t matter that much It matters when they discriminate with you because of that Editor : i will bring some tv soap elements into it People saw them with little shock Sounds .... Dhun..... Dhun ....boom..,

I respect  this lady soo  much more now

It's great....
It is necessary to boycott Deepika Padukone's film 6 chapaak, because she is leftists
You watch satsang on sadhana TV channel at 7:30 pm. There is no better experience than this world. Because the one who will show your importance in the world is born with milk. Because we also drink tea in vain. Sister, this world is heavy with swarth.
I never see this movie because dipika support tukre tukre gang.

Just waiting for Chappak....To see my favourite actress in a different and a&#39; strong&#39; character&#39;s role. 

I am big fan your dipika...mam..love u
Shame on us. I might be also do this to them but not after watching this. Shame on me. I will try to change me. Dipika Padukone u r a real hero for us..

She is Indian super star frm Karnataka

Dipika is bad

Some of them were treating them normally. Some were hesitant and some outright tried to ignore them.

This social experiment of yours was very good. But it is not so easy to change people's thinking.
It&#39;s fake

Subscribe me plzzz....Today is my Birthday and i started my channel plzzz subscribe me...

Most trending<a href="">#boycottchapak</a>
Chalo maan Lia ki larke to hai hi harami 10% out of 100 are bad and they are not able to live in this society..but it&#39;s very shocking that how can any women react so rudely with those Acid victim girls there voice are so much pretty and innocent, Really the people have to change thier mentality

Boycott this movie...

Boycott deepika
Khubsoort Chize Sbko Pasand Aati Hai So Sad ............

Jai Bhawani, Jai Shivaji. Tanhaji has to be seen on the 10th. If you go to JNU then you will not log in to PE bass. After making the film, he gave us dung. You guys are crazy, a dumb idiot
Before watching movies we go.. Kyuki I love social movies.. But kl raat jb JNU gye tab se......<a href="">#boycott</a> Chappak
If I would see someone like that then I would ignore her and act normal and treat her like we treat others I mean i will not keep on staring at her and if they ask for any help i will give them like we give help to others. Summary-Treat them like you treat others they are also normal like us there&#39;s no difference

This is true India where peoples  can&#39;t except normal people&#39;s Shame!!!!!!!!

Allah Kare sap thik rahe nice movie

This one hit me hard....

Love it.  sab sab Dipika jesa soche
You people do not oppose the law of the country, now we are lovingly saying Jai Hind Jai Bharat Jai Shri Ram
Boycottdeepika. Boycottdeepika. Boycottdeepika. We want freedom. We want freedom. We want freedom.
What do you people think of yourselves? We have brought you to this point and in one fell swoop you will still reach zero.
Hello Deepika Padukone, you people have no brain at all because you live in India and oppose India that is why your movie has to flop.
Cancelled ticket..now tanhaji

Promote the film. Don't forget the country.
Boycott chappak.....fake acting and self minded

Wow superb message

Kya sach me...

I boycott this film..cause she was with tukde tukde gang..

Boycott chhapaak. The subject of the film is very vey good and i loved it. But deepika doesn&#39;t deserve it. From (Rajasthan) boycott

Listen, the one who expresses love, the one who burns the identity, the one who shakes the roots of life, what will you burn, oh coward, listen, my own melody, my own tune, // What had I said, if it is not mine No one will be affected by false love, what will be the condition of your thinking, think with your face burnt, I will burn your identity too, I will betray every ounce of humanity, I will drive away the human being within you, I will only give shelter to the devil within you. But listen O fake lover, your marriage procession will now come out, the conscience had melted, now even the arrogance will melt, when these brave men will raise their heads, all the paths will come out, // the tears in your eyes will be there in you, the story will be revealed, then it will be yours. There will be a reckoning, I am sorry for waking up late, the voice will be raised that what has happened is injustice, even a drop of it... will become an ocean, will come out of the eyes and it will become a scene, <a href="">#salutetosurvivors</a a> <a href="">#ashamedofthisshittysociety</a>God bless survivors,stay blessed
This is our great indian people&#39;s Cheap Mentalities.

When people look at them for one second you dont have to make it look so bad dramatically. They might have just glimpsed for a moment and editors paused the frame and <b>*dramatic music black and white*</b> Seriously?!!! You might be making good people look bad. If I see special people in any manner, I usualy try to look square in their face and give a friendly smile. Everyone should too..

Our country is bigger than the movie..
No not only acid attack survivors... People stare the same way...infact way worse than this to..vitiligo patients also... Especially when someone is having patches on their face..infact they sometime ask their companion too...to turn and look...this is so ridiculous

The best movie will still be here in 2020. And it is also necessary to change the scenario.
Ok, people will react like this but after earning so much money, what are you doing for the suffering girls? You don't care about playing with people's emotions, be it good or bad, don't blame people. If you see any ugly face, then their reaction will be. It is a law of nature to give, but you are concerned with making your own money.
Boycott Depika movie.
It&#39;s shocking to see that youngsters and especially the girls are seeing  them awfully. Atleast these girls should have respect and empathy for them.

Dipika Ek number ki audail lagti he bhoisi ki original he o assi he use…
It&#39;s time to change.....

I watched the video thrice and came to this conclusion.People were not discriminating them but they were just looking like as if they were aliens.People might be feeling sad for them in their hearts. Who knows!? But I believe this movie will make society accept them as normal people.

Boycott deepika movie
Boycott dipika movie
Every human being has to become a human being
Very Heart Breaking

all scripted

If you see someone  burnt or disfigured it took us a moment to get used to it .they aren&#39;t necessarily  bad . some people are just curious or shock

Good experiment Deepika mam
My heart cries when I see the suffered suffer more,,.

People should not be made like this, they are still human, the perception of people will change.
I wish those people who gave such expression after watching this video... Let's make this video viral.
I wish this video would reach more than 500 millions views, so it reaches most of the people of India.Please understand, they&#39;re not victims, they&#39;re survivors.

Being humans ....we get afraid when we saw unnatural things ...that is wt happen there too ....but being a HUMAN  we should set that one within second n we have to shw our concern towards n we should encourage those people who are punished without their concern to grow in their lifes...........<a href="">#SetURMindNow</a>....

Go to pakistan speak
And it shows that dipeeka has 0% attitude....  that is why i love her 
Society is slipping into a very bad mentality day by day.
Boycott this film, all Hindu brothers, he has given support to all his people, he is a dog.
It's painful...acidsurvivors do help everyone, but others do not... but with their own children, it is too much for them to feel, but they do not want to understand the pain of others... It is necessary to change your thinking.
What i think is the aim of the video was good but the think is some people don&#39;t see these types of things everyday so they will definitely not try to see but it doesn&#39;t means that they have that negative thought for them...i will also hesitate at first coz acid just screw your face but everyone intention is not the same....deepika should not just expose them that&#39;s not the right way

Good job
Why that people were seeing like that they never seen a human 

Deepikaji u go to JNU...
People often preach about how beauty is skin deep and such but when they come across anyone with even a slight difference in physical features (for e.g. skin colour let alone the features caused by genetic conditions or external factors) that&#39;s when one gets to see their hypocrisy.

I swear there is a need to change the perspective. Tears welled up in my eyes. Humanity has almost ended. Thanks to Deepika ji and team.
Nautanki
It&#39;s a good move deepika . ..firstly god bless for taking up on subjects which others will never fathom.  And may be thus has changed or triggered something in you ..led you to stand up against violence if all types ..seeing you empathise with students ..something that India needs today.. Empathy not violence..

Boycott chappak movie because of j.n.u attendance

I feel, this movie is definitely going to aware masses and masses. Good move for betterment of society. 

And brother, are you making the country better?
Wonderful work Dipika 
Now we also recognize Deepika as Kanhaiya Kumar who is eating JNU with such traitors, all Bollywood guys are Dawood's son.
Deepika, you did a very right thing by meeting the terrorist children of <a href="">#jnu</a>.
I can&#39;t watch full video shame on us

Brothers, boycott the movie of Tukde Tukde Gang, Vande Mataram.
Boycott Chapaka
This was also made serial like
Seriously worst public reactions elder women r ok

Tukdey Tukdey supporter bitch.....we don&#39;t goona see chaapk.Real slap on your face

Too good initiative to observe the developing thought of society

<a href="">#BoycottChhapakk</a>

Change your views for film promotion also.. Please tell the real name of the acid attacker in the film. You Bollywood lovers, you also show things for your profit.
The views are changing. The change in views is the same as the darkness, we all understand differently.
Yes madam actually we all are so bad we see only out side beauty andlove some one but I learnt from you that&#39;s beauty is from inside is the beast thanknyou

Boycott chappak Boycott deepika for support tukde tukde gang in jnu
I wish this film was made by a rich actor who went to public to promote a film with such a serious issue.
Ab to JNU or left ke gaddar dekhenge Tere is darame ko tujhe pata h ki tu sahanubhuti batorana janati isliye acid atteck pe movie banai per Tere jeshe desh pe kalank h I hate 

That&#39;s the natural and normal reaction of any human being! Stop over dramatising it!  People get shocked and they should because it is shocking and painful what happened to them! Should we be desensitized to it??

This world will be a mess
They deserve more respect they are the mirror for today&#39;s humanity level feeling ashamed they are real hero&#39;s for life inspiring us to be brave enough to fight for humanity.

Bhaad m jaa firangi koi true indian ni dekh rha teri movie ab
I am very sad that you took admission in JNU, what did you say Deepika.....
Boycott chappak
People who are behaving or talking rudely to them should feel ashamed. Girls should understand more about the fact that they are making faces, too much pride in beauty is not good.
Salute to you deepika mam

cheap stunt for promoting movies

abe chal saali gandi shakal ki
Bht bara fan tha m ...JNU ja thik nii kiya apne Dil Tor Diya

Friend, eye problem can be treated but if you change your perspective then you will start feeling happy.
Adhkhopdi

Thank you so much girl for your contribution towards the country! India and world will remember you till the very end 

Forced promotion.

<a href="">0:27</a> that is so &#39;not hidden camera&#39;

Everyone behaving normal..... But RIP... <a href="">#Special</a> effects

Just for movies they show how they are concerned with the acid attack victims ony for promotions just after movies success they forget them ,emotionaly fool us to buy tickets , really want to do something then announce you will donate all the movies income on acid attack victims , then I will guaranty you we will watch movie two times 

Yes...it is necessary to change your gaze..ameer gareeb se bhi.nice msg guys.
Y they are reacting like that ,they humans not monsters ,they became like this by  idot monsters ,y people treat them like this , great respect   for this girls who live between this type people sorry monsters

I appreciate the video but not hiding the faces of those people was something unethical as well, for the sake of the movie making such video &amp; showing their faces as they have done any crime is also something people should talk about!! Although the message is quiet clear &amp; informative too.

One of the best video I have ever seen. .......

Crying oh my friend
I must be honest to my heart , I will react shocked and hesitate but I don&#39;t misbehave with them.

<a href="">0:27</a> are you sure it&#39;s a &quot;Hidden Camera &quot; ? Lmao

The world is very cruel Well done Deepika mam...

Those are the most exposed hidden cameras

I like it

Thoughts do not change, the beautiful face of the country does not change, feeling is affected... emotions do not change.
Those people should see this video

Wow deepika padukone can not stop herself to fall in a propaganda of liberals. So much attractive

Really,we are human..?...Literally I&#39;m crying right now..

Chiiii

crt

i wish i could see the double standard face of the people who first ignore them and how they would have reacted when they come to know she is deepikaGOD BLESS ALL THE ACID VICTIMS

Boycott chappak
Why do you know?
Boycott champpak
No words
Dipika now ur in jnu ur brave in bollywood

Don't watch any of Dipika's movies. Don't watch this chapak who threw acid on the girl. I'm sorry because you won't watch it for Dipika.
Bhaiya mera chennal subscribe kardo  please

Bas kro yaar promotion
In ifI&#39;m

Grim
Most people did not give weird looks.

Good step to change the mindset of people.

Boycott these JNu supporter our group hai cancelled bookings......

sorry to say they just randomlly look at you and your other partners and this is not controversi clip so please humble request dont try to make it. after all 2 days remaning to chappak i knew you will do such rubbish afterall you are. once the movie gets good opening and collection whould you be doing some kind of help for all acid survivers its all for your money so mean deepika PADU kon

Actual face of society

<a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a>

Some people have such a dirty reaction that it has left a mark on the minds of many people.
Ye movie dhekna  band Kare dedh hit mai

Oh commmmmmmmmonnnnnnn???Why you are forcing to change the way of looking only??.No one is reallllllyyyy talking about that these things should not exist on our earth?Do that girls have no right to live normal life with normal face?Why government cant ban acid or out of reach to normal people or  may be make it more expensive then diamond for normal people or anything so that no one can really reach to acid ..Law of the country for Women should be more stronger then Acid then only this kind of incident will be vanish 100/100.Dealing with problems by  accepting is not the Solution you guys but it have to  vanish like it Never existed ️

Why don’t u show the culprit name and religion in this movie I understand it’s bcse of fear towards them and u r gng to support and share the stage with bloody antinationals for ur movie promotion shame Deepika

I like the movie.. But i boycott the traitor , my middile finger is for her 

YE BAHUT ACCHA THA LEKIN TUMHE TUKDE TUKKDE GANG KA SATH  NHI JANA CHAHIYE THA

Deepika is just promoting her film like JNU

Editer gets full marks 
Size of hidden camera 

Sry, I can't see you...Ur deshdrohiii... Dipika
The people acted normally towards them, why the video makers are adding black and special affects to the video, where is the normal video? As a depth video watcher i myself think that the reactions were normal as they were only  seeing them and they would do this even for any physically disabled person which is normal. The lady refused to wear  the dress is correct as why would she change her dress infront of public which is a normal reaction to any normal person. The video should have made correctly like a in &quot;What would you do show?&quot;

I oppose chappak

Even my face is not showing but I have disliked Deepika Padukone.
Good film

Tujhe main dislike deta hoon 1 nahi crore ki tadat mein

Pretty faces are everywhere...but pretty soul is hard to fine

Goosebumping,Heart breaking... Hard to see how people are reacting..... Its INDIA..

I feel sad  for those peoples who think they are normalAnd these are abnormalAcid attacker RapistEve teasersAll are freeAnd these victums treated as criminalsHow idiot we are

my choice

Before jumping to any conclusion, understand that the editor of this video added all those shitty visual and sound effects to enhance people&#39;s reaction. Ofcourse, there may have been people who keeps staring in an irritating manner in reality. But majority of the people in this video behaved normally and those effects make us think they behaved badly.

Chutiya Giri hain yay picture absolutely does not support what we say. What I dislike is human. Chutiya log just wants sympathy from you. You don't see the truth. Brother people dislike the trailer.
Mujhe logo ke looksBilkul pasand nahi aaye

<a href="">#BYCOOTTDEPIKACHAPPAK</a>

never want to see this film
Love you laximi

Aap to ik celebrity ho utna to society ka samna nhi Karna parta hoga,but ye karke pta chla hoga apko ki hmara society v ik acid se km nhi hai,acid to bs beauty ko khrab karta hai but society wale andar Dil Ko hurt karte hai,jinda rah kr v roj marte hai......

Liberal's new chief is depika
I am a big fan of Deepika mam. great work.
This is serious matter... N u people just using this for publicity

The film is going to be released then this bat is going to remind you.
Deepika, you did a very wrong thing by supporting this Tukde Tukde gang, you proved that you are also a part of breaking the country into pieces.
Boycott chhapaak
Those are hidden cameras nd lemme tell u people in india people worship film stars u put whatever mask on thier faces ..people will recognize them no matter what.. this was just an publicity stunt ..just like deepika reaching to jnu ...kuch farak ni pdhta inn logo ko

Boycott

I request and support Laxmi ji... Bt Deepika boycott movie...

What does it take to help others? To give someone a hug?

Wrong decision of supporting left

I m agree with you

Firstly you are supposed to pixelate those faces , secondly they were not even looking at the acid attack survivors , but still those unnecessary sound effects as if they were really treating them bad, thirdly, it&#39;s almost sure that no one is gonna try a cloth on the road just because some stranger asks them to, be it an acid attack survivor or a normal person .

These people have made such dirty faces, how will they look at themselves, when they see themselves being insulted, it is not the survivors but the society that looks bad.
Humara samaj me dil nhj rup dekkha jatah.insanneyat to h hi nhi

An elephant can hide behind those hidden cameras

<b>She&#39;s just normal</b> 
Btw I didn&#39;t see anything wrong with any of the reactions. The thing is the editors didn&#39;t find anything wrong. Thus had to do shittttttyyy editing to make it look like wrong. Even in the end, the woman covered her son&#39;s mouth to prevent him from saying anything disrespectful to the girl.

Maa Kasam sheds blood, hears such cases, Man kills the beasts who do this, and dies in such a way that his soul is destroyed.
Such an awesome concept!

All the dislikes are from the ones who gave cheap looks..cheap fellows!

Look at this Deepika's picture!
<a href="">#boycotchuppak</a>

We have no civic sense that is very true we don&#39;t know how to behave in public why do we stare at each other I donno just think how much pain and mental agony they  had have to go through its a sin its similar to untouchability its like that your making them feel disable

Lol Deepika is the one who is standing with jnu students ...... She also wants to break India . Double standard gal...... Tukde tukde gang ka support karti hai yeh ......

If they thinks and react acid attacker&#39;s are ugly then let em think coz they might buetifull from out side but they descusting and ugly from inside and the real butty comes from heart not from face I&#39;m also ugly but i never think anything wrong for someone so i feel I&#39;m a good in me^^

Madam aap inspiration ho aaj hamaray leya....good job madam...jai hindh
Nazarian will change by joining JNU
No

Yaar if something bad has happened to the girls people will definitely at least look, it&#39;s wired into the brain to figure out and be attentive on any signs of threat please keep in mind ANY! Be it Post or Pre. Also if a random stranger asks me that this is a better vegetable take that one is it necessary for me to accept it? You find your own and let me find mine. Pls what is wrong with that?People look at anything that looks a little out of the way in public, it&#39;s just people. Both sides need to ignore each other also accept what they both will do unintentionally. Don&#39;t go all too dramatic about something that Is autonomous.

Don't watch this stupid movie anymore and show it to your people.
Acne in my face makes people around me Doctors and these girls r warrior&#39;s...! Having acne is seen as such heinous crime..! people need to change their outlook on beauty.. spotless and perfect beauty is not what &quot;being pretty&quot; or &quot;beautiful&quot; means.. it&#39;s your courage and charisma that defines beauty.. evry human being who has a pure heart should have the right to be called &quot;Beautiful&quot;..

I boycott your movie.....if you support tukde tukde gang....
Kitna bhi social experiment wagera kr lo kuch change nehi hoga ....kutte ka dum kabhi seedha nehi hota ......u gotta be accept this and keep moving on ......this is the bitter truth ..

Bycott Chappam, Bycott Dipka Padu (Where did you read it)
iss vidio me sub log (expect dipeeka and team)ceiminal jaise kyu dikhaye gaye hai or bgm bhi aisa baj raha hai !!!

Why the people think like this

#<a href="">#BoycottDeepika</a>

I don&#39;t blame the public. Their faces are misshapen and deformed. Surely a normal person would feel revolted by taking a look at their faces. It is normal human nature.

This is hypocrisy around us, movie sad dekhne Jayenge. But when it comes to public acceptance or welcoming people around us, it’s a far away thing in India. Sad but true

Waste people
Boycott depika
Good topic will Deepika give the earned money to the girl .with sensitive topics these actor&#39;s earned millions and will .

i proud of you

Boycott Chappak
All the people are talking big here, there will be this reaction when they come in front of you people.
It is necessary to change the perspective
So bad  sorry sister&#39;s
Dis likes peoples rip
This is not a big deal, every human being will have this reaction no matter who he is.
Very bad...just for your movie publicity using these citizens and showing them in bad light 

I think we are not physically but mentally in the video, if this happened to us , 90% of the people in the comment section will react the same way, Don&#39;t try to be good from outsideBe good from your heart ️

Hats off to deepika and all the other survivor of acid attack.....It&#39;s 2020 ab kb badloge yaar.... Nazar or nazariya badlna jaruri hai.... 

1000000 likes from me only

How much better is the project? Deepika asked if she supported wrong people in JNU. Will I boycott Deepika's movie or will I make my friends also do it?
Jb inn ass ko pata ki deepika thi tb sar pitenge
<a href="">#Boycottdeepika</a>
Well done Deepika ji, when she looks at her face, she will look like a normal human being.
Jnu ki chamchi

You are right mam
like is for the video but you have no support for our JNU jake galat kar tune.
Why you go JNU support left goons now not intrested any more in your movies n you go to hellJo.desh ka nahi wo mere kam ka nahi

She joined the traitor in JNU.
and you know how the movie will going to be.

Boycott this movie

Love the concept!!However it feels the video is given a little more hindi daily soap touch to make it more interesting. While it&#39;s basic human nature when you see something different from everyday you look at them with a surprise before realizing you have been looking at them way long to make them uncomfortable. Be it a normal lady in a short skirt too. Some of the people werre outright evil and some scared which is what I call lack of awareness but few reactions were not evil but what I define as not understanding how to react which has been portrayed with extra masala maybe. Normalizing the differences that exist in the society is must and it&#39;s not easy in countries like india where old values are ingrained in people&#39;s mind. We must keep trying though. Cheers for the team and wish you best of luck.

<a href="">#boycottchappak</a>

Bycott this movie

International call girls.

Tukre tukre gang ka saath
Welcome to tukde tukde gand
He is such an actor who is supporting his JNU colleagues to make his film popular. It is a request that as much as his film should be distributed, it will like it.
Remember that you will always remain the same... Badhaai ho tukde tukde gang ki khiladi...
Proud of you Deepika

Kuch ke liye promotion ..
I see such face ,I see physically disabled I am mentally retirted so what should I expect people to love me oh come on everyone get what they get this society drama and all

The problem is you enforcing extra effort to make it look normal when it&#39;s not ,people in Bollywood are really opportunist that makes them excellent human all greats are opportunist it&#39;s my lack of being the one who could grasp such opportunist mindset

I hope Deepika will show her responsibility always , not only for her film promotion.

The whole matter is the opposite, I don't know where those boys are who should be looked at with bad eyes, people are looking at those who have no fault at all. It should happen with those boys that wherever they go, people look at them with evil eyes, then those boys should regret their actions, and after seeing them, the rest of the people should be put to rest.
See her new face <a href="">

I feel that people should be imbued with their thoughts, they should have a good vision.
Honestly, I didn&#39;t feel anything wrong with most of the glances. I would also atleast twice looked at them n then got back to my work. What&#39;s the big deal with this video. However, in real life such discriminations do exist.

Oh ghosh..the editor.. ..keeps on adding dhoom dhoosh evrywhere..

What kind of social experiment is the reality show?
Shame On U<a href="">#DEEPIKA</a>...fr attendng protest in JNU...
Desh mai kuch aise badimag or bakwash log hai jinka kuch nai kr sakte.. I am an Indian but I m not so proud to be an Indian because of this reasons...we really need to change...

One should not stoop so low for the promotion of the movie that we should meet Jake from the key traitor group ##<a href="">#shame</a> on u Deepika.
Watch Nan Kadavul movie, you all will realize more. It&#39;s Good movie.

Movie did not burn
<a href="">#Boycotchhapaak</a>. and donate that money to ngo&#39;s, those working fr acid victims...

<a href="">#Boycott</a> Chhapaak

Boycott with the movie
I don&#39;t think there is anything to be ashamed of or afraid of with acid attacked people . They are as beautiful as everyone else .they are human too,but I am pretty much sure that this video is fake as f*CK. People are not that much cruel as this video showed. I don&#39;t believe this.

Dil bole SALUTE deepikaa
Boycott chhapaak movie
I liked how shopkeeper come across, yes ma’am kaunsa phone dikhau I felt disgusting for man in yellow when asked for help turned his face away

<a href="">#boycottchhappak</a>

<a href="">2:12</a> what did she saaay peoooopppleee????????????

100 chuhe khaa k billi hazz ku chali.....

Hello mom
You are beautiful and brave <a href="">#ajmalshabir</a>

I dont understand what&#39;s problem with Bollywood. Sare Bollywood ko society ke soch se problem hai. Inko lagta hai hum sab chutiye hai. Humare pass dil hi nahi hai. Hum resist hai. Normal log ekdusre ka khun karte hai. Kisine bhi itna dark reaction nahi diya. Jitni Editor ne music Dali.   Miss deepika tum apni soch badlo. Aur hypocrisy chhod do. Khud skin whitening ki creams bechti hai. Aur hume bolti hai soch badlo. Sara hindustan pyar se rehta hai tum Bollywood wali kehi gand me kida hai. Even tollywood bhi itna torchar  nahi karta.

Promotion or not, it warmed my heart. All of that may not be aversion. Its normal human tendency to be shocked, at least a bit when you look at something that your eyes dont come across everyday. Having said that, this video did make me put myself there and empathise the scenario. Great job!

Nice job by deepika

No one will watch this movie...this guy in JNU has supported a traitor like Kanhaiya Kumar
Boycott this movie mere hindu bhaio, Ye kanehya kumar jese gaddaro kaa saath deti he, request plz
My friends and I am boycott this movie...yes yes yes..

Great deepikaji, the logo is not visible, want to change it..
Kalaja fat gaya yes see kar...
<a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a>

Yes video, see the key to the heart's heartbeat.
<a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a>

<a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a>

I think the worst moment was when that lady placed her hand on her child's face. What a mistake of girls. If a woman herself will not respect any woman then how can our society change.
Maximum girls criticised them

Good mess for each and every one

Mim too good
Ye to proof ho hi gya girls se hi nafrat karti hai after all
Fu.ker people&#39;s Dude unke upr Acid atk hua h tum to aise kare rahe ho va jaise koi janvar hai pagal sa ye hai kch hamare yaha ki girls or boys 3rd cls people&#39;s fk u dude......

<a href="">#Boycott</a> chhapaak

Uhh will regret supporting jnu hindu will defintly boycott your chappak,aise gaddaro ka sath dene s accha ,rajasthan k hospital jati to accha lgta

<a href="">#boycattchhapak</a>

Uss hindu pe Thu hai jo iski movie dikhega

Took a flying arrow into your ass.
<a href="">#BoycottChhapaak</a>

Very bad

What&#39;s in the world make those camera hidden?

Well done Deepika mamYou have a done a wonderful job

All the dislikers... should go to hell

Iss video ko dekhne se phle shayad mai bhi ignore kr deta but now i am ashamed

Someone tell meWhat she was doing today in jnuWith kanhayiya kumar....and tukde tukde gang.....Gadaar sali

These will do little for blog promotion. Today, because of Deepika's promotion in JNU, why are the protests in the country silent? I remember you at the time of human film promotion.
More work should be done for your promotion..
Kudos to such social exprmnt ..hope this chngs the mindset of ppl.. probably these are the last finishing touch we need to give to make the Mansion of New India 

Some stupid human are not feel his problem..

Hey, she is so concerned about people and is doing so much social service drama. What is the need to charge crores of rupees for a movie?
Sometimes there are no words to describe something. I can only hope that one day perception of society will change towards the victims. And there will be a paradise in the world where girls will feel safe everytime.

Not interested

It&#39;s nice. Ppl will learn. But Its natures law. Eyes goes first on something that is different. This doesn&#39;t mean all are descriminating.  But kudh bhi to descrimination kar rahe ho. Last moment par sirf deepika ka bite liya baki ladkiyon ka suggestions kyun nahi liya. Aur aapka bollywood bhi toh descrimination karta hai writers, actors ke sath. Nepotism ka najariya kab badlega. Kab meri script ko production house kudh ijat de kar na sirf andar aane denge balki guards se lekar upar boss tak har koi strugling writers, or actors ko mauka denge. Kab writers ko director ke baad, hero-heroines se upar, sabse jayada payment milega.  Najariya bollywood ka bhi badalna chahiye. Bollywood ka najariya desh ke prati bhi badalna chahiye. Warna do group me na batta ye bollywood. Or Deepika mam itna hi aap insaan ho to jawo apni late night parties, or foriegne trip ke paise bacha kar mumbai ke slum ko  ek saaf surakshit ghar bana kar de do. Tab mai samjhunga  aap real hero hain. But still i salute you  for this role of acid attack. No credit taken away  best wishes. Jai

Jo log is video mein h aur jab yeh video dekhenge to khenge shit Deepika samne thi but we miss the chance to meet her. But truly it&#39;s very disheartening to see people reacting like this. Isme in girls ka kiya glti h. Glt to voh those did this henious and inhumane crime.

This many people are too little for film promotion. Kanhaiya Kumar was also included along with me and some people went to calm down.
Anti Hindu
The promo of the film is coming out like this, still Deepika is not recognized.
𝕄𝕪 𝕎𝕙𝕠𝕣𝕖 Deepika
𝕄𝕪 𝕎𝕙𝕠𝕣𝕖
𝕄𝕪 𝕎𝕙𝕠𝕣𝕖
Hey jihadi
<a href="">#boycottchhapaak</a> camapaing to support new india

Omg fucking stop staring 

Deepika ji did not see the face you were showing me, the mother said that she was covering her son's face after seeing you........ Please?
Jaa Jnu jaa
How did you guys get people to sign up releases for this?

Editor: <b>Dhan dhan dhan</b>Directed by <b>Ekta Kapoor</b>

In today's times, the status of humanity is very low. So Sad...!!
Hidden camera&#39;s weren&#39;t hidden as the scar of horrors which  ceases to be forgiven.

Meet Hafiz Saeed's mistress Deepika Padukone
How much more bad is Chadha's editing style?
Well I don&#39;t know how people react to something that they are not familiar of, but they do have sympathy for those who suffered such accidents &amp; those who think that they should maintain distance or avoid these people should remember that &quot;दुर्घटना हमेशा दूसरों के साथ ही नहीं होती है&quot;. One more thing that you are not bound to make them feel comfortable or good but at the same time you are not supposed to make them feel inferior or unfortunate.
It&#39;s not like that ......even i Don&#39;t have guts to look in their eyes , it&#39;s because i just want to close my eye so that i can&#39;t see the pain. I haven&#39;t watched your chhapak trailer completely , i had a headache seeing it , the pain i can&#39;t think of

See that girl at <a href="">1:22</a> u soon start hating her

Boycott deepikaShe supports <a href="">#Tukde</a>_Tukde_Gang

Boycott deepika&#39;s movie because she suport JNU..kanhaia kumar......JAI HIND

bullshit movie
This social experiment was not done to make anyone feel bad or bad, it was done to show the ground reality. As Deepika MAM said - &quot;We just need to change our perspective&quot;. ..... Well done guys, to show some separation.
RESPECT.

Gaddar tukde tukde gang supporter
I won't see you again. Padukone is found from the left.
Acid attackers ek bar marte h lekin society bar bar marti h, sahi kaha tha, is society ki problem hi yahi h, inke hisab se chale to thik wrna sb galt ho rha h aur dor prte srko pe

some people just don&#39;t know how to react...just because of so many emotions, questions going through their mind...stop judging others just at the drop of a hat like that.

great job
<a href="">#ISupportDeepika</a>

What to say? Every time we will say INDIA won&#39;t change! Country never changes man PEOPLE living in India has to change n their mindset! Soch badhal na hai!

<b>I value your CHHAPAAK film, but</b><b>looking at the reaction of each person how can you say that all of them have negative thinking</b> <b>Maybe It is important that some people have positive thinking. Everyone is there, you are there, I am there, we are all there, seeing such a face, such an expression definitely comes on the face, but it is not necessary that our The feelings must be wrong</b><b>because it is possible that we immediately bring negativity towards the person who might have done this to you and it is possible that a feeling of sympathy for you comes to the fore. <b>I don't know about Oro, but after seeing such a face, the only feeling of sympathy comes inside me. It is obvious that when a person sees such a face, he thinks this in his mind. Who is responsible for this poor girl's face? Therefore, you cannot blame every person's expression or reaction as negative. <b>Change this thinking also Deepika ji</b>.
Those burn faces r beautiful than yours after jnu vist.....

I would have easily recognized Deepika

It's a bad topic about becoming a father, Sara Nash has earned money and only money has been taken by her, she has got 25000 thousand salary but our life is true and we have achieved it.
Thanks deepika
I was literally waiting for the moment deepika will show her real face  coz that would have taught them real lesson as sometimes things aren&#39;t the way we take it....

Boycott chhapak... Deepika stood with Tukde gang in JNU.
deepika this time u moved with a wrong strategy of joining assholes of jnu.. i hate u and your movies..

How are dogs filled in India?
Well done dipika . I think we all have to change our thaught.. but what is your publicity budget is low that you support jnu student who support Pakistan and raise slogan free Kashmir etc .you never came forward  for army , policeman who are beaten by these rascals. Yes I support govt  when they pass NRC then I will support because it is our nation no rohingyas and Pakistani and Bangladeshi Muslims are allowed to live here and make our environment worse like Bollywood..

Female itself don&#39;t understand the other female, what to expect from male or others. Female should atleast understand the suffering of other females.

Please can someone please tell me how I&#39;m supposed to reactBecause that is not how humans are born naturallyI&#39;ve never met a survivor in my entire lifeHow can u expect me to react normal ??

The hand will be printed because he took Kanhaiya Kumar's hand.
Now you look at them like you would look at a normal girl. When you do this on your own then it will come to the society that people like you are being suffocated among them. .
Nice film promotion tactic !

It&#39;s not a disease or something their face looks different that&#39;s it, we really lack awareness on such topics so this things keeps happening

His face became big because his intentions were bad...His face became big because his intentions were bad...
