Intrusive thoughts won

dude is stealing content

That one dude just stands there like &quot;Well, I&#39;m dead&quot; 😂

did anyone get injured?

Russian terrorist nazis
Russians = nazis

ka 52 had vodka instead of fuel😅

Drunk pilot more vodka to fire😅

“Heyyyyy, who switched the missile and tactical flare buttons?….”

they&#39;re lucky the most common variant of S8 is heat and not HE-Frag

Russian army - 3rd best in Ukraine, they say! Intelligent lads!

Just announced on Twitter, the pilot, Captain Volchkov Alexey, has just been killed in Ukraine
<a href=""> original video

the cameraman is immortal

Putin wanted a reporter dead and so this accidentally happened

Holy shit!!

Comrade Colonel......our 80mm rockets work quite well!

yeah that was a lot more than just 2 S8 Rockets

Sloppy pilot
Remember, no press
&quot;Accidentally.&quot;surejan.gif

Itchy trigger finger

RiP...

If I was rich enough, I would totally buy this thing. Glad no one was seriously injured, from what I heard it was an issue with the fire control system. Maybe it’s a bad idea to fully arm an attack helicopter for training.Still this is a badass heli!

Russian propaganda is like German propaganda: efficient, strong and still alive.

Itchy fingers don&#39;t they...... Jesus Christ!!!

The slow motion ruined the whole video, well done

fingerslip
Russian super weapons at work lol

wtf

vodka ROFL
this is fake.

УРС С-8АС automatically become on the combat platoon when approaching the target, there was a failure in the avionics KA-52 and the guidance system captured the target and launched on the nearest (coincident on the signature) target.Nurses were &quot;inert&quot;, i.e. without an explosive, so that the flame (rocket engine) without explosion and debris (up to 2 thousand ready-made damage elements).Because of such cases and not only two wounded and one damaged &quot;Kamaz&quot; happens ...

In soviet russia, the rockets fire you!

Who said it was an accident?

The scene looks strange and It might be wrong to blame the pilot for this if it&#39;s true, relating that at this altitude and airspeed he couldn&#39;t be aware of that weird situation early enough and following given coordinates and practice orders blind, accepting the thermal device shows up some heated western-murican-not rush b-shooting-dummies. Shit happens every time. Youtube give us an short insight of daily madness if you play with guns and the army is the most common place for it, like US and Russia have proven it over and over - it&#39;s not even more different in a small army like in germany. Is there any official statement/confirmation about this incident or some details about the people staying around in the middle of a practice area?

They was on target . 500m before the launch. Pilot switch &quot;fire&quot; socket On. But secondary fire button was slipped...  so, authomatic system find a target  with closest parameters to battle task and made a launch. Rocets was without warheads. So, only minor damages of military van KAMAZ, and few light injuries of 3 persons

Pretty sure that helicopter was firing at a target wrong place at the wrong time.

Quietly saying “Huhya”, the Russians slowly moved a little to the side...
&quot;Surprise mothafoka!&quot;
Vladimir Poopins Russia where everyone is a foe first including his own military.

Idiots.
*Three S-8 Rockets

In mother Russia... rocket fire you \ You!
Now those are some professionals right there, way to id your target , your not even in a combat zone , how many people fucked this up , 2022 update I guess they fight like they train , a complete unprofessional disaster

pathetic
Russis cant aim lol

Woopsy

Ahahaha Ahahaha Ahahaha
