This father's son is my teacher
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli is best

Super

Hay years old mai independent bane hum
Virat kohli and Anuska is best

dear we are wrestlers
By becoming wrestlers, we will be ruled by Patti.
Virat Kohli's wife ️
Abhi tak kide makode mi ab sultan se pala pada maha sultan bano
Salamn best handset boolukbaster 
Yes, I went there to the bad pond of the school and said, 'Taunt my enemy with the invisible arrow of the pond.'
thanks but you r also pahelwan

Only this condition of children will not be the result of worldly education.
service till now you have stopped it
Pahelwan mere bete ku bannana hai mai to tailor hu

My child will also become a wrestler, mother and father are wrestlers
Sultan picture is not on any mobile but only on my phone.
Don't repay your big debt. Beg, no one will ever care for a woman like you, Mr. Take care of your man's money. What is the value of your money?
Movie san
Ess onion ne hi mujhe mandir mein khiliya tha  it these days do onion ka oo egg egg kyu sukhannd maharaj keshorye baba 2 2 onion oo
L
L
I love virat not anushka

Anushka&#39;s body doesn&#39;t look like wrestler. Unprofessional look.

Sultan2.  muvi

Father daughter conversation. She was 52 and she was 26
This 
Sharnikoo gharme rakhe jungle ghume.godhme bacha goun me dhindhora be sharam.
Yes meri
This tune reminds me of Rani Lakshmi Bai
k
fly high and high
Tum humare koi nahi

️ I loved the movie
Tu bna dia hhhhhhhh I love u
Brother where will you meet bstsyegs sultan full movie
Brother please send me the video
Virat Kohli -
Plz upload full movie of sultan.plz plz ....

Sr

Brother, please upload the movie.
Salman Khan haryanvi accent is awesome

Nice one

Ha ha ha
Salman and Anushka Sharma is the best 

This is one of the best scenes of Hindi movie cinema... Love you Ali Abbas Zafar...

nautanki
Background Music
Razia Sultana was also a Hindustani and she remembered them in Delhi.
your lips are hanging
SEIZURES 
*2016/YRF Scenes ️ Copyright
Salman Khan.....best actor
Sultan boy
I love you salman
Movie do please

WE WANT THIS PAIR AGAIN PLEASEEE. THEY ARE AMAZING IN THIS MOVIE. THEIR CHEMISTRY IS OFF THE CHART!

Love 
Bhaijaan is a real megastar King of Bollywood

Whole India 🇮🇳 Saniya Pathan's name will be known
Go to the app whose sat rhy na rho bhut hoga haah chalo ajj bhi rahi hai thii.
Today the girl doesn't over act but her body is very tight.
Tuch

Sultan movie next
O Salman ji app mile tha hai na ji hai liye hum esi hai
Anushka ji is happy with this app 
Anushka ji, we are the best in the world, we are the best, we are very simple, we are not worried about the app, we are looking at the app, we are praying for the hot app, we have less cards for our log app.
Add sheelpa 
App aye hai to aye kyu nahi abhi
Mai gher ja rahi

Anushaka ji app don't worry karo Allah achchi log k sat hoti hai god bhi tension hai jo app ko rhy relax karo soi nahi baby girl ko dekh hai relax karo
The girl is no less than the boy.
This  photo is like mine and I am crying.
App less cards
Takla is talking to the dirty people about us, we are also not surprised that the app is running through the mother's app, you are the app or I don't know who is the app.
That man reads for few people.
Sohel ji arbaz ji help me
Please everyone shut up, I really did not fall in love with Ansha
We are happy with Anushka ji, may Allah keep us happy, ameen in us 
We all know that who said what to me and who did not listen to me, who never asked whether we ate food or not and who said nothing to us, it doesn't matter.
Beti paida nahi kroge toh bahu se pavoge nice dialogue
Ye movie ko kitne saal hoye life ko movie mai melt mat karo life to life hai abo our ajj sab bat pack karo now
Best message for everyone  o
Yes India 🇮🇳 also promised us
That's how I want to sell the log.
One of the best scene of SULTAN. My all-time favourite ANUSHKA.. 
&quot; Where will the daughter-in-law marry you?...&quot;
Wawawa

Terrible terrible Haryanvi accent!! She can&#39;t match Kangana in Haryanvi
Poor Hariyanvi by Anushka 

Sultan move full
Ladki huse gaand mara bhai logo complete missue off law and constitution

Baharse Modern anderse em dum DESI 
What kind of man's sun would be if he drank tea?
Goghat or nakaab woman safty k leyai hota hai

I have heard that daughter, where will you marry your daughter-in-law?
To tell the truth, brother, this girl Anushka Sharma in this movie does not even look like a wrestler. It's a bad role.
Message to bahut acha hai is mein lekin middle class logo ki soch alag hai bhai.

Anushka's shape is not that of a heroine...ever...
Salman khan movies
This science was not in movie It was deleted science

The daughter never said that she should be happy with the power that her son has or the one whose power is our judge, your power is your nonsense, you should have saved me, even in the film, you will die as a virgin girl.
Full movie upload boy
Anushka over acting please stop.
Verry nice line
Sultan

Sab bakwas hai

Salman bhai
Bhai

Salman and Anushka Sharma is the best 

You are Muslim and have not kept the typical Hindi accent, 
Look at the Dangal movie... and see the difference between those 2 girls and Anushka in this movie Sultan movie me ek tammez ka fight scene nhi hai Anushka ka...Kidhar se pahalwaan lag rhi h?No make over at all ‍️

Super be 
Kangana is only girl that can act best haryanvi

You are not Arfa, you are Virat Kohli's wife, why do you lie?
Bhai puri movie put
Pahalwanjohotahailalagrebbhukananga
Gb
good

Lol

She is speaking this language so fluently ️ wow just wow

mastery
Full moovi shultan download
Your life will be very big please please please please please upload sultan movie
Bhai please please please please please please sultan movie upload ki jiyena bahut log ummeed lagye huye hai please please

That true of jaat or gujaar...log ki

Love u SalmanAnushka
no one can beat kangana compare this with tanu weds manu2

Mohammed.  Saleem

Fan Kya he apna he

Super

My most favourite is ANUSHKA only.. since her BAND BAA.. which I saw 7 times in multiplex, I have become her greatest FAN.. SULTAN also I saw thrice for her only... nobody can replace her now ...

Bekaar se dialogue
Remembering Rani Lakshmi Bai 
Anushka dominated the scene .acting maim

This actress seriously spoiled all the charm of Salman
she is pregant

Both acted really bad

Jai maha dave
Full movie upload kro
U  are  cheater   first   impression   is  lasþ

I was wondering what would have happened if Anushka had been replaced by Sultan or Kangana?
Sultan movie dalo please
Bhahijaan
traitor from within
Full movies

Wow

Bekar acting ......sorry for the fans of sulman khan even I am his fan but this movie didn&#39;t suit him Check dangal movie of amir khan Every actor in that movie is as it should be 

Salman is 65 years old and is shy and romancing a girl of his daughter's age.
Full movie

The dialogue &quot; Mann to bht h Mera&quot; Salman looks so cute and it make me smile every time.

Pliz sultan movie descripiton m dal do
Good most

This scene is inspiration to movie dangal

Movi khab aaye gi sultan ki yotud pe
Haryanvi's fuss
you all are nepotist bycott them RIP SUSHANT SINGH love u bro

Best line

Full movi

Anuska u r very tallented best in bollywood

You too are going to marry me, what are you going to do if you marry me?
Ladkiyo ko thodi chut diye to nangi ho gayi tik tok pe puri aazadi mili to blu movie bana degi

movie to dal do sultan .
sultan movie
Anoshka is right about this, the times are cloudy. Girls are moving towards misfortune, they are roaming around on social media or malls half naked.
Nice bhai

beautiful movie where can I find it in Spanish or subtitled
Super hit movie Bhai Salman khan and Deepika

Sir please ak bar sultan move upload kordo you tube pe me online payment korna chata hon por nhi ho raha he is lie ak bar upload kordo

ok virat kohali ke wife
Sultan movies are awesome sir I have not seen them
Full movie plg
Bakwas movie just watch only DANGAL you will get inspire

Movi acchi h you tub bekaar h
For taufeeq
Salman khan love
Sultan movie Salman khan ka upload kar do please
Super brother jaan
Beauty

Very good ? Please press the subscribe button

Waste anushka sharma
Before Rani Lakshmi Bai, Jhalkari Bai fell.
slman khan
go girls
classical beatuy

Sultan DangalAll time blockbusterMovie
Superb bhai

Sultan full movie upload
Awesome movie

Such father or such daughter should be so called men wake up when they wake up.
Who is in December 2019?
Sultan movie full
Full movie

Please make sultan 2 also
Awesome scene!!!!!!!! It is really awesome scene. 
please YRF take  HRITHIK ROSHAN  in Dhoom4,,, after war sucsses tumko yash chopda sir ki kasamdirector  sanjay gadwi sir  honawar,dhoom 1,3 se 1000% Dhoom4 best honaking HRITHIK ROSHAN  action, romance, Comedy,

Bhahijaan
BHllo

why block only desi

Sequel come on Christmas 2021

Bahi pori movi daldo pless bahi sultaan please
WAR MOVIE ONLY ONE SONY MAX

Sultan movie chahiye salman khan
Nice led 


Who know about this song what the name of song?

Anushka is lovely and one of the few greats in India. Salman Abu Dawood Khan has been the king of all: let us go Banjara Banjara.

Anushka is love 
Anushka you are very beautiful ️️️️️️
Physical strength vs quantum mechanics
Arabic like
Salman Khan ka fan 1 lik to banta hai

Anushka blkl chutiya h
Salman Khan is looking very cute.. I mean is age may itna cute..

Aziz
Lksncklos

Parey We Bekadra | Arab Niazi Model Noor Ali Latest Saraiki Punjabi Boliyan Song 2019
<a href="">

Please Subscribe For me

&#39;Tucch ho geya mai&#39; too good

In the dog community...the girls have...to see once‍️‍️
I changed my mind and messed up my lips.
Full movie dikhao

Oh, I want to hear about it
Come
Can anybody upload that scene of this movie wherein Anushka says Salman &quot;sultan tujhe to izzat kamane Kaha tha tu ne to ghuroor Kama liya&quot;

Can anybody upload that scene of this movie wherein Anushka says Salman &quot;sultan tujhe to izzat kamane Kaha tha tu ne to ghuroor Kama liya&quot;

Can anybody upload that scene of this movie wherein Anushka says Salman &quot;sultan tujhe to izzat kamane Kaha tha tu ne to ghuroor Kama liya&quot;

Sultan was an awesome movie ️

Please Anushka tell Virat to teach this Budha how to respect the ladies.

superb salman
Super Hit
Can you full movies  link please

Salman Khan is best

No one can speak haryanvi better than Kangana

Beautiful lovely

You are great anushka

That&#39;s is thinking is Gujjar and Haryana.. society.. LoL people.... thinking 

please subscribe my youtube channel for daily videos

Why you have blocked my vedio

Wow superb  

G

Girls wrestling is not happening with boy and girl. Ye fools understand all this...
I have seen more than once

 dhoom 3 and dhoom 2 and dhoom 1

onr of the Best Film Forever SultanLoves u salmankhan

Mniouej, ️️️️️
Anushka Sharma is looking so beautiful

Good

Ye log chai kyu nhi pee rhy
Guys subscribe my channel, I will also subscribe your channelLet&#39;s support each other

&quot;WOMAN EMPOWERMENT ZINDABAD!!!&quot;  LOVE &amp; DUAS ALL THE WAY FROM TORONTO, ONTARIO CANADA. 
WATCH: Who ever slips?
What girls really wanna do i would like to know?

This pair is awesome we want it again

Jai India Jai ​​Haryana
bakwas heroine

This is false story, no Muslims pahalwan ever  come from Haryana.

Plz full movie uploaded karo sallu bhai best

Salman bahi awesome.answer

make tiger3 quickly
Who is my brother in Dhoom4?
Legendry movie.
Damn Salman Khan looks like my uncle..
Please dhoom 2 dinner scene upload

Awesome

best motivation , sultan
Salmankhan you are  handsome man my favourite styles brothers

Never mind, make a film on Hindu Dalits also.
Best movie of Salman bhai ever...... Everytime I watch the movie... I fall in love with it... Bhaijaan just Nailed it

Copy of dangal movie

Super song
Like 
Upload kro full movie

Sultan

Love you Salman Khan ️
Please yrf please dhoom 2 videos upload

Juned Khan

Best scene ever
SULTAN ALL TIME BLOCKBUSTER MASTER PIECE MOVIE HAIN

Please Upload Full Movie in 1080P Full HD 2019.🇮🇳

Salman Khan Sultan 
<b>Salman, I understood you well, like</b>
Bolcbastar movie
Village channel subscribe please

VISIT MY CHANNEL KARO CONTENT ACHA LAGE TO HI SUBSCRIBE 
It&#39;s amazing

It's a grand film that j'aime all the Indians  I don't understand the dialogue but I loved it
salman bhaijaan bollywood ka baap hai box office ka king only sallu bhaijaan
salman Bhaijaan is Best Handsome man in the world love you bhaijaan

God bless u salmaan bhai jaan
More un released  footage of sultan please!! Specially Salman training behind the scenes



Nice beautiful

Mastha

Abhi Q what will you tell me?
Very good sir ji
hit like for avengers endgame 
God bless you Anushka for the CLASS, LOVE, KINDNESS , TALENT, FORGIVENESS and GRACE that you represent ️

ANUSHKA::-OUTSIDER in movies-Became India&#39;s YOUNGEST FEMALE PRODUCER at age of 25-Top actor-Building a massive animal shelter -Epitome of CLASS,GRACE, KINDNESS &amp; TALENT-Dream personal life -Perfect statue in madame tussauds singapore️

Oooo

My favourite movie

Hi seleman
upload full movie

Fast 
I love you anushka and salman

Nice

DON'T TRY TO LAUGH
Nice dilougs 
Super

Jai Rajputana...Thakur sahab ki jai Ho.
Who many people love anushka ? Like



Friends my YouTube channel ı play the to organ perfomence jıngle bells cover video clip

nice
My favorite scene

Salman fan hit like
Subscribe me

Awesome video. I need to watch every day to keep inspired, motivated and remember what others have done.

Oh oh love mmmm sexy vau.️️️️️️️
Luv u sallu bhai ️ ️
Very nice,Guys can you checkout my channel plz help me to completing my 30 subs

Salman wow syle man

My most favorite movie from Salman Khan ever
