Alia is lucky for marriage  crush 



alia is forcefully behind ranbir at every platform, and shes kat friend, wow.... double standard chipkali...

Good

Ranbir not extremely talented man u r wrong

Ranbir Aaliya nepo kids in Bhad me jaye
We just want justice for SSR that&#39;s it.Ranbir alia let them go to hell.what way we r concern with thier marriage.

Everything is possible in this world

He likes a more educated woman.

Smoky evening diehard hater of RK and Alia but they are Baaps so... u keep trolling , they keep growing and ur unwanted threads give them motivation.

Ranbir&#39;s Animal teaser getting full of positive comments  .You guys understand one thing he is an actor and giving perfection in it. U can&#39;t troll his acting like u troll other star kids. So u selecting his personal and making unwanted thread. Because he doesn&#39;t give u a chance to speak his acting skills. Baap for a reason. New generation superstar RK mind it.

She should leave him break up like Deepika. kaif. He is crazy life

Wbo cares

God knows n they both know!!!!!!what we can say !!!!

I think they will get marry on 14 feb

Yes they will get married

We r not. Interested in their marriage pl boycott Bollywood actress and access characterless

Aaliya Ranbeer should not get married. Aaliya is a Makkar woman.
Hellow friends &amp; Mr Ranabir your family also, as a Ranabir&#39;s fan that means Kapoor&#39;s familly&#39;s fan  my urgent request  we have great respect your whole dedicated family who kept a tremendous devotion with their not only cinema acting but also country building in strong enough so when ever you take decision about your family marriage matter   please please please be sure that you are not alone to be happy but also 100 crores bharat basi also with your family who&#39;s blessings also, don&#39;t forget us about intercast or inter religion, marriage, divorce, &amp; some miscreants groups try to convince you to force you to do that I your family completely come to understand the situation yes we know your family have freedom to select thank you &amp; your family to be with us &amp; our  expectations may GOD bless you by

Yes

Hi everyone, Please follow me on Instagram ---&gt;Glow HimalayansIt has amazing products!!!

Smokey is really stupid marriage is really happening than how it can really get cancelled. Smokey has gone very very crazy

Kollywood, mollywood and tollywood actors and actresses are to good and kind hearted. They really respect the womens and lead a life like normal people. Eg. Vijay, surya, ajith, dulquer, alluarjun, ramcharan, vijay devarkonda etc... And in Bollywood i am seeing only Sushant is like them. I am really happy to be south indian and north Indian. I am proud to be south indian. Because all these actors are more charming than Bollywood actors except Sushant

I&#39;m still waiting ...atleast for the last moment he would choose katrina again️️

I am really looking forward to their marriage

not a chocolate boy only  on Characterless 

what difference is there
just wait till brahmastra release

just wait till brahmastra release

If he deny Alia, mahesh will have another plan for him . So he won’t deny it.

Alia️
I think that he wants to remain a playboy a little longer

They will get married soon  absolutely

We don&#39;t ker about there wedding

There will be no difference if both the breasts go in the blood.
Can&#39;t believe.

Yes

Who cares

Why does the title say cancelled if the grand wedding is happening?

Ohk

The date is cancel not their marriage.

Is Alia extremely talented actress 

Plz dnt say he is hndsme ...he is not all hndsme

Love u alia and ranbir  . Cute couple 

Good actor

Fantastic  ️️
Yes, I think so 

Waiting for tiger and disha wedding

Well may I remind u that u told that there marriage is canceled 

Why does it say that it really cancelled, when the wedding is happening

What 

Hope so

5th comment

Third comments

This is expected

Ofcourse,
First comment
