Alia and ranbir are my favorite couple .... im from sri lanka... umma

My routine starts with study 

Love your smile
Nutural  beauty girl Alia Bhatt ️️️️️️️️️️️
Your always so cute
English madam
PLZ SPEAK SOME LITTLE HINDI IN EVERY  VEDIO

Simplely gorgeous and very talented 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Alia is so cute yaar :)

Alia mam u r my fav,...... Act......Love soooooo muchhhhhh

So sweet

Hi

Now I wake up in the morning. But I watch your video 

Vry Simple it is !! I like it  !

Badi ladkiyoo ki awaj kitni ajib si hojati h…jadahi bold type ..like boys her voice
First comment and like.sister main Tripura se hoon

Love Alia
Where is your dad Mahesh Bhatt.

I like this your skin

Alia Bhatt I am a huge fan of you

You    so       beautiful        alia   akka
My morning routine starts with my phone

She was probably hiding Ranbir related details from &#39;One Line a Day&#39;

I am not a movie person usually so I knew very little of this wonderful personality. Very recently I started watching Alia..then I have probably watched every movie of hers and every interview.. and she has sharpened her skills in every movie and clips I have seen. So when I compare the old Alia and her version now..she has matured gracefully. She is smart, confident, talented and hardworking I must say. Above everything, how she has dealt with all the negativity and has just focussed on herself and her work is just fantabulous. Her work speaks for her. There is no better way to justify.

Sadak2 
No special..

So cute 
Humble gal!

I am a big fan of you alia I can&#39;t tell you

How do you have such skin

Without make up she looks more beautiful. Her face is like a child innocent and graceful. 

So,obviously As soon as I wake up in the morning first thing that I do is upon my eyes..here u got me,that&#39;s my morning routine that&#39;s all

Beautiful girl Masha Allah Ur ...sending love from Karachi Pakistan  🇵🇰 
You are extremely goerges

you are so cute

someone 2022 

Nice alia g

Remind us when you will drink  fruity 

Hiii Alia Bhatt 
She is spectacular &lt;3

I have lost count of how many times I have watched this video over the past three yearsthere is this sense of calm whenever I watch it

My morning starts with school

Skipping Social media in the internet is game changer

God bless you mam

sorry

Virus of the country: No matter how fit you keep yourself, you will still be called a traitor.
Hello alia diii I am your biggest fan
How are you aaliyah bhatt appy didi mam
Hello

Alia ️ You&#39;re Super Sweet 


My Morning routine starts with my phone and then study ️️️️️️️️️
She is my inspiration and I love her in every way nd will always gonna love her

Alia also has dark circles and I am worried about seeing a few dark circles.
You  no   my  favourite  aktare you  alia didi
Alia is a person jo dheere dheere psnd ati h fir beintaha psnd ati h……

Alia Bhatt I love you   
Alia your amazing guy super
I am your big big fan Alia Bhatt gangubai kathiyawadi movie bahut acchi thi

That&#39;s why sadak 2 has been flop

Ranveer Kapoor
Me in 2022

Mam you are my favorite actress 

This time your number is
Alia ji iam biggest fan of urs, after seeing ur gangubai movie I can&#39;t explain ki mein aapki kitni badi fan hogai hu i love acting expression everything

Very beautiful fitness

U&#39;re Soooo cute 
U have good Habit

You is want to see messages in u instagram

My

My morning routine starts with meditation,  study ,exercise , drink milk, study, practice mcq, study, lunch, study, take a nap, revise , take bath , revise, solve questions,  eat , study, have dinner, last revision and sleep. Exams r near and I am on fire. I have to select for Post Graduation good seat in good college.

Who wants night routine

My morning routine starts with singing reyaaz

<a href="">5:59</a> she almost said ranbir

Your Gangubai wala song was very good.
My morning routine, I washed my phone and took it with me.
I am a big fan of yours Aaliya didi please reply please didi
What is that mug she used? Which brand?

Alia increase little bit content in your vedio s

Hi didi good morning
Who will buy the brush?
First thing to do in morning : apply makeup ️

When will you come?
I Love You Alia

I love you alia 
Alia ji wishes to meet you
Alia ji you are very cute ️
Really  so nice morning routine you have my morning routine starts with 

You are so beautiful. When i see you i always think of French actress Juliette Binoche. You two have the same natural beauty

<a href="">5:05</a> loved the way she respected the book...we all can relate 

And people call her dumb.

I am like you and your vlog

I love you so much aaliya di I am your biggest fan love  you so much
I am your biggest fan and I love you.
Glad to seeee she dont hesitate to showw her routineee....that other celebs do

Her skin is beautiful even without makeup ️

Really Love This  Routine

Mine is afternoon routine 
My morning routine strat whit gharke kam

Girl, your vibe 
Why we watching this

Nice️
Radha Radha ️️️️️️️
Happy married life 
Love from Bangladesh

My morning routine starts with cooking. Greetings from Scotland. Have a lovely day everyone!

This line for ..when she picked the book n respect for it.....keep up

A re oyy Brush to karu phle 

Dekta rahi sirf tumhe dekta rahu bas yuhi chalta rahe... Puri life tumhare sath adventure ke sath journey karte karte sash tham jaye .....

I have it ️
Someone miss u lot
Dear Aliya..I am from future and I will tell you in future you get more successful film &quot;gungubai &quot;so that&#39;s it

We love you Alia Di
Di I am going to see your new movie Gangubai Khatiawadi after my exam.I saw the trailor . I loved It

My morning starts with a fruit juice for glowing skin

Wah

Paagal ladki

Alia is someone I started liking in phases ....this lady bought herself to an impressive level .........I loved loved her vibes...

Mybmorningbroutinebstarts with rushing to the washroom n thn getting ready for job breakfast n then go....mostly i m late ...

Alia I want to meet you
Please make a blog in Hindi, because there are many people who do not understand English.  You are very cute and everyone's favorite.
My morning routine starts with online class and assignments 

Love u alia
you are not that cute either
She&#39;s so cute and I love her simplicity 

My morning routine start with 15 minutes workout and then online classes

Hello Didi, I request you to please help us in building a temple.
Good morning 
Hum sirf subhah sothe  hai

What  hot water+ lemon  is cold 

You are beautiful and love you cutie dont worry about haters you are the best 

You looking awesome

Waw cutee

Very funny

Madam your smile is so so so cute and amazing i fall in love of your smile

Aliya we are here also Aliya
Pless hi

<b>Everyone has respect in the slogan of Jai Bhim,</b><b>Everyone has faith in the slogan of Jai Bhim,</b><b>Everyone has hope in the slogan of Jai Bhim.</b><b> Everyone's enthusiasm is in the slogan of Jai Bhim.</b> <b>Jai Bhim</b>
flipbord makers right now-paisa he paisa hogaaaaaaaa
I so much relate to her personality yr Nd I m biggest fan of u Alia I love you Sooooo Muchhhhh

Alia Bhatt you r really very nice cute I am ur big fan from bangladesh

HIIII MISS. ALIA BHATT IS ALWAYS A BIMAAR JAISA KYUNK DIKHTI HO YE TUMKO PATA HAI TUM AKSAR (&quot; OFTEN    TIME &quot; ) &quot; MITHAAI&quot; KO &quot;( SWEET )&quot; &quot; ( REFRIGIRETOR ️ ) &quot; That's why I eat NIKAAL
My morning skin care routine video is uploaded my youtube channel 

Ohoo u read newspaper? Maybe the name of Prime Minister and President will not be written on your newspaper.
My morning routine starts with my parents scolding me hm ️

All the tennager entry here raise your hand 

Please mam make a home routine

You don't part with your namaz
Hi Paru, can you post a video without makeup 
Good morning Alia Bhatt antyi ️
I feel sad for alia......She choice wrong man........I never feel alia dumb when she doesn&#39;t know gk question bt now I feel she is really dumb

I like urs action aliaa..
I gave it a little time to see what happened every time I entered it.
Looking at your IQ it doesn't seem that you would even read the newspaper.
My morning routine is make parathas and  tea.

She looks very nice without makeuob also

Aaliya mam please speak in Hindi

I can say her and parneeti are my favourite star kids in Bollywood

Wow... i Miss you so much My love
Video on your diary 

My morining routine starts in afternoon
My morning routine starts go to school

Have in the some in total price in more likely ways to help them

Diet foods and glow skin routine piz

who wants to see your worst morning routine

How much you earn from YouTube?

Mam is Tanmay Bhat is your cousin????

Nice vlog morning routine i am from pakistan .

my morning routine starts with my mother scold

Mam I am your biggest fan can I get one heart    on YouTube  from you.... please mam my birthday is also nearer ...

Starkids always gets attention becz the have their silver spoon

Why dont you start of ur day by saying ur namaaz.Talking to ur Creator can really make you happy.

The first thing I ever did was brush my teeth.
where to get so much money 
Best part of your morning routine write a line of a day 

My morning routine start before school open help my son online class  and now school  open wake up and going children school for drop

Empty one

u shut up always ameen

Irritating

Alia bhatt so cute
Anyone after hated Tarun?? 

When the book fell on the ground at <a href="">5:05</a> , she picked it up and showed respect to the book, as we indians call vidya mata is really cute and describes her basicness

SAME .

Make a Q n A video pls 1 :Which is ur favourite actor ?2: Which is ur favourite colour ?3: How many family members is in ur family ? 4: Favourite ice cream flavour ?5: Favourite person ?

I do I wake up then.....  again I lay down 

My alarm will be a flying chappal 

Lol look who is here 

Nice  sharing fantasticMy morning ️ routine starts with bacchoka kam alwaysGreat ️

Pretty alia
The strongest people make time to help others,Even They are Struggling with Their  Own Problems, Your One Click can make me happy God Bless Youas

my mornig routin start with free fire

madam ya toa aap hindi mai bolo ya English mai (I know verry well your English)
My morning routine starts with school

Alia bhatt my favorite actress in bollywood  Alia bhatt fan mallus undo
Hi !!!!

My good morning is good night

SAME TOO

Sapot from sir Lanka 🇱🇰

My favourite  actress  is alia bhatt 

Alia Bhatt di you my and my sisters favourite

What do you eat alia dii

Then bath and then online classes

My morning routine starts with get up early and go for brush

Cut Alia

Alia Bhatt aap Dag aao please

I like it so much but tell me that how could I manage my excersize routine

You are so cute di
Hello alia mam where are you staying
I love alia  bhatt

my fav actresses
My morning routine is daat khana
Alia wowww

Sadak 2 yaad h.
Nice......

Bollywood kam tha kya  yt pa aagya

My  routine brooming,  washing utensils, watering in plants etc

Nice sharing 
Mera ve morning ruting hy my toilet jati hu

Alia Bhatt lips are so much pink without lipstick...

Mam I am Aarya a 12 year old girl I know your this video is old  but I am. Replying now ..... That I think the lifestyle of celebrities are unique than other but I think now they also like to live live others.......   Please double tap and give me a heart

Nothing in morning routine  its going other video



Here after hated tarun&#39;s video 

Super..aliya dii
Love love love for aliya

Beautiful video

Nice video

I sleep nicely at <a href="">10:30</a> and in the morning &#39;uth uth are uth&#39; mummy says.

You are my favourite actor wow nice

cute Alooo 
Love you alia b  u r my fav
Talks in English and movies in Hindi 
I liked her one line a day journal  I ordered it from amazon

Please make a full video in Hindi ️️ request
She is literally down to EarthAnd her mother has brought her up very well, unlike other starkids, who just run for popularity and glam

She is a fabulous actor I think she is getting hatred for no reason

What is your favourite routine in the morning?

My morning routine starts with sitting in front of the computer and doing online classes

1000 liter of water in the cup

You are so ugly in real me I'm shocked omg ???
I wake up at 10 o'clock, my morning routine starts from noon 
Such a cute face

your so cool

Can anyone tell information about all the products she used??

My morning routine start my phone

mam i like ur vlogs to look beautiful i use planet ayurveda beauty products
Her skin ️
Alia, please speak in Hindi. I have not yet understood English.
reply me

My morning routine strt with mobile 

I am a big fan of yours
Iam eagerly waiting for her skin care routine

Where is the skincare part 

I thought it&#39;s becz of lux soap .... don&#39;t you think sooo... you have already told about it 

Yaar I m really very found of disliking all celebrity skin care vedio....I know they just didi plastic surgery...and then credit goes to advertise product 

Hi

Alia Bhatt l am your big fan
I feel angry after seeing you
I DON&#39;T KNOW HOW MORNING ROUTINE LOOKS LIKE OR HOW IT&#39;S WORK BECAUSE I SLEEP LATE NIGHT AND WAKE UP LATE AND AFTER THAT HAD TO TOLERATE REAL LIFE STRUGGLES BUT RICH KID LIKE CAN&#39;T EVEN IMAGINE ABOUT . YOUR A.C. WORLD AND GOLDEN SPOON IN YOUR MOUTH IS BETTER TO SHOW OFF WORLD AND THEN GAINING MONEY FROM THAT IS LIKE RICH GETTING RICHER AND PROVING THAT MONEY MAKES MONEY .WHAT KID LIKE ME CAN&#39;T HAVE 1% OF YOUR&#39;S LIFESTYLE OR MONEY EVEN AFTER HARD WORK ‍️‍️
Plz tell ur skin care products plzzzzzz

I start my morning with yoga&#39;s.

Fucking acsent

I got to know today that alia have channel on YouTube

Nice

Alia Bhatt I have a Biggest Fan for new
you are my favourite actress.
Hello Alia di , How are you ...
Hot water is cold

alia mam your my favorite actress

Imagine getting a heart fr my fav actress

Ma&#39;am your book is too cute

Excellent 
You look so much our Malaysian actress Mimi Ernida

I Love You

Hi di I listened that you are a soft hearted person so can you help me plz to complete my dream I am 13 years old please help me

My queen alooooooooooo biggest fan from kerala 
Hello  Aliya didi I am your  biggest fan
My favourite actress Alia Bhatt 

My morning routine is online friends class

Nice routine

Hi pa IAM your big fan
<a href="">5:05</a> ️
My morning routine starts with my online class and my night ends with the online class ️

She said she used to read  newspaper... But sadly she didn&#39;t know the name of our president 

You are the one of the actress that speaks only hindi i love  you my name is princy

Alia mam i am your biggest fan ever i love you so much you are so cuteie pie i love love you
Iam your big fan️
Look her respect towards book (Parnam) .. I do the same 

I love alia

Aap Hind main bat kijay

Please do a day in my life

I&#39;m big fan  yours Aliya mam

The best thing that she showed how she really look not like other star kids with makeup and her opinion that all have dark circles even me if I am a star. I like that thinking

Her simplicity and being natural and confident really attracts me

Mam tumi amar friend hoba piz

I love you

Hello Alia mam so beautiful
Happiness family to sisters

You talk a lot
Dark circles 
Please make a video on your skincare routine

Morning morning make up wake up 

Always in the morning.....my mom routine ...... off the fan  and in louder voice &quot;get up get up&quot;before online class starts , work 

Oh Alia didi ap Merci best actress
Mam up ka morning rourine bohot achha ha.

Any malayalis hearfrom kerala
She really looks like Karan Johar she seems to be his daughter

Plz your morning skincare routine

Iam a big fan of yours

Good morning

So over acting..,

My habit is drink the tea 

Can I go

My favourite actress you aliya ️ I like you
My morning routine is start with slippers

Please reply my questions

Who is your boyfriend

Hello alia mam I am your fan my favourite songs are yours

You are favourite

ME also 
Subtitles 
Malayies like here

A big fan of you aliya mam

Hi

Did she sneeze at 3.33??

My morning routine start with my little baby

Alia likes

I am your biggest fan
I hate you Alia Bhatt, along with your sir, murdered Sultan Singh.
♡Aliya♡ Pin  me
Susag Singh Rajput.
Her face is so natural beauty!

My morning routine is to do potty.
I Dont do morning l am bor so much
Your skin care plss
Hi I&#39;m big fan of you mam Mam please reply me mam Plss

Love you ️
Everyone&#39;s morning routine : get up....workout....yoga...eat....My routine : open my eyes...n scroll in bed for half n hour 

i m biggest  fan mem please 1 reply 
My name is jeni. Hii alia mam iam ur die hard fan from Tamilnadu... Plzzzzz reply me.. I like u so much and u r my role model... Ignore negativites... Be happy ..

R u really alia bhatt????? I&#39;m a big fan of you.. pls give me a heart plssss

My morning starts by cleaning the baby's port.
I thought she&#39;d show her skin care routine. 

Hi ,I m your biggest fan

My morning routine starts with study

My day start with brooming and moping

0q00lqò
Pagal

Hi Aliya Mam
My morinng routine starts with online classes bt I don&#39;t like  

how is your skin
My morning routine is done by removing the blanket
hello!! alia I&#39;m your big fan

My morning routine start with army runing

I am also of your name Alia.

Hat

Apne or bhi likha hua tha  but u dont wanna share that ,, isi liye aap hass gai 

her skin is really good

Alia bhatt favourite
Shocked she can talk this much just after waking up 

Is she Muslim or not?

Alia mam you are the best BA

I love your movies

My morning routine teaching,,,I am tuition teacher 

Hi mam plz give me your WhatsApp number plz mam

You speak so much

Allah ka shukar we are muslim and proud to be a muslim

my morning routine start with online classes

This is the reason why there are no small hairs, this is what has stopped the growth of hairs.
Alia makeup video️
Looking good
I am your very big fan. I love you so much di
You look so different without make up ...are you really AB ??

You respecting that book after dropping it was literally the best part of the video.

You are dunmp and donkeys is better than you

taking care of skin is great..... an amazing video...such a great routine ...with these skincare tips ...royal honey shower gel of planet ayurveda is great for the skin. your skin feels fresh, hydrated, and nourishing.

Nice vlog mom
U read newspaper in morning then why ur gk is Soo strong

Who is here for watching ️ hurt 

She&#39;s really sweet....Idk why people hate her

My morning routine starts with you my love 

i wake up in the morning and go to brush my teeth first

Malayalis undooo

Please send me video on European Viet Loth.
Hello 
Nice

cool
I love you. Diii
My morning routine is getup, brush, bath,  breakfast, online classesthen I watch phone then i do lunch .....Read more

My Family say&#39;s that I look like you Alia diiLove you.

<b>Don't make anyone like these many comments </b>
<b>We ourselves do not use social media by putting it on social media, wow Taaliya</b>
U people are a barrier for solo creator as well as talented persons

Kindly share your skin care routine or products.

Plz alia mam upload the video of &#39; acting tips and audition &#39; please please please

Love you Alia at
Hi I am your big big fan didi
I don&#39;t like you

What kind of money is there? 
Hi didi I an your big fan 
So now you have learn abcd 

My most favourite actress
I am your big fan
Ha ha iska sakal toh dekho na na sakal hai na akal thoko like ha ha
And my morning routine starts with my online classes.. 

She doesn&#39;t brush 

Hi alia di. I like her respect for book.

Hii aliya the I am your biggest fan
The country
Hello alia dii I am urs very biggest fannplease reply my message please please please

My morning routine is playing in the my phone

I also do the same thing when book get slip from my hand..

Hlo

She showed her dark circles appreciate her confidence

I am biggestttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt fan  of you Alia di love  you  di 
She is so cute

123 ha how u like that

Bhatttiiiiii

Aali

Hello Alia mam my name is fizza khalid. I am biggest fan of your. I am into Pakistan.

Alia you are looking really so beautiful and cute I love you alu golu molu girl 

My  morning  routine  is online  classes.

Ban YouTuber, acting is not for you!
Love you so much didi
Who did I talk to when I woke up in the morning?
My tamil but my best heroine alia bhatt beauty full heroine

Alia Bhatt

I really like her.

I don&#39;t like 
I love the way she respect book

Do you live in Mumbai?
Hi

Alia i am your big fan from Bangladesh 🇧🇩

You are my favorite  actress From a little  girl  Manha

Plz give me salman khan number
<a href="">5:06</a> 
My morning starts with zaleel  gaaliyaan and the jhadu pocha

Fact: any bolloywood actors channel if you comment they won&#39;t give heart for your comment 

Hi, I am Nimisha, wow, you already watch movies, like you do this on the bed, I am drinking tea in the morning, you have done beautiful work in the morning. I love you, I am exactly like you. I love you very much. I love you. I love you very much.
Khushi.punjaban Dee followers jyada va
I love you Alia Bhatt 
My routine: Online Class ,,Eat,,Sleep,,PUBG,,Then Sleep
Hi Karan Johar's glasses
Mam I am your very big fan. I am Sayoni.
Alia Bhatt no make up u so cute

Aliya mam kya aap free fire khalte ho agar khelte ho to comment karo Please  my I&#39;d is Amirkha1045P

Main itna kahunga Sirf u r really sweet my dream
Where is God?

Every living thing has an energy and that energy is also present in humans .Energy is the current needed to operate a human computer



1. Energy is evolved through evolution

2. All that is not energy is transformed into soil through evolution.

Man is not like other animals, he has memories .The mind is the sum total of the knowledge he has acquired since childhood .The mind is different for everyone .Because everyone is born with a different mind, life is a story created by man .How religion is a story created by man.

All religions call God by many names .Everything is an energy that is created in us .There are many different emotions in the body .These emotions cause different chemical reactions in the body.These chemical reactions are the joys and sorrows we experience.10000 memories come in a minute and whatever energy is selected in that memory changes that memory .Thus the evolving memories are forgotten as his character

Alternating chemical reactions in the body is not good for the body. People in the past used to say that every human being needs a goal. It is a way of balancing the mind.

Prayer is not a small thing .If the body is in balance with nature, it must have a peaceful mind .Prayer is an easy way to do that, no matter what religion you believe in, no matter what God you respond to, the body wants a chemical reaction that gives you a peaceful mind.

She have so much of dark circles in real life

Is there any tamil people
3 July my birthday

Biggest fan of your!!!!!!

Lots of love from Karnataka ️️️
You are my favourite ️
First think I do in my morningI just open my eyes 

Eye brows itni moti lock down m hogyi kiya

Hi

Do you have your account on snapchat?

KEEP SEARCHING BOYZ WE NEED TO FIND WHO ASKED

Ow so good routine

I am a big fan of yours.
How do you do your makeup or all the time makeup artist, make a video of your makeup, what brand do you use, make a video of your makeup main.. make a video of your makeup.
Your a big fan ️
Never knew sadak2 is gonna be your  tragedy....

She looks sooo good even without  makeup  

AliahiimManushi🇧🇩
Love you at 
Hii alia bhatt mam I am your biggest fan and I have drawn your 15 sketch. Expecting getting heart from alia di

I hate you because you will hate sushanth you are like bluddy marry

I love you Alia ️️️
she is so cute

&quot;So my morning drink is....hOt wAteR and lemon&quot;Drinks** &quot;Mgh...it&#39;s cold&quot;

My morning routine starts with opening my eyes 

Love u alia ......
you r not beautiful honestly but you r funny

Sadak 2 is also AA.
Not interested  dislike

So overacting

Attitude girl thoda attitude chod do...

Hllo

My your biggest fan and you are so much beautiful

Abhi subscription kam ho chuke hai mujhe hai, Abhi to video do Alia 
Sales girl ki job best hai iske liye

What is his height? She is not even educated and should be a salesgirl.
Sister you have read a lot
I have nice ones
Good morning didi
Alia u r great
July 8th

Alia in YouTube channel, I can&#39;t believe 

I hate u soo much ugh

Alia Bhatt has 15 lakh subscribers
Aalia new.move.nikalona
Hi I like it you face

Dark circle

hi

ranbir ko gud mrng toh krte hi hoge 

Hay I&#39;m your biggest fan di
Sister, thanks for this video.

Alia is looking like South Indian actor keerthi Suresh

Imagine a heart from Alia bhat️

Do something better in life if u have nothing to do..

You are so beautiful ️ and pretty looking and and you are so amazing and awesome you have great attitude and great personality and good behavior and good looking as I think about her she&#39;s a great actress and she&#39;s is Superstar of movies as leagend

Hello alia bhaat
This is Alia
Butni you have
You my favourite actress Alia posted this video on my birthday

Hi

It gives
Difihi
Seems she was reading an essay with expressions

OMG! Alia batt ka chanel l dont bieleve
My morning routine start with my mother abuse  mazzza aaa jata h suun ke 

She is still in makeup

I know malayalam alia bhatt
O God ur eyes without makeup.......looks like kisine ghusa maar diya

U are best Didi once again happy birthday alia didi

Books are good friend.... So nice... Voice super beaty queen... Love you Dr...
Just dream of getting heart from you alia 

Pari

I ma dance
Hii

ꜱᴜꜱʜᴀɴᴛ ꜱɪɴɢʜ 
Hi

My morning routine starts with loud noise 

My morning routine start with study 

I m looking for the person who got ️ from Alia di

But my daily Routine start with only study and online classes. So what can I do 

Hi Alia at .
she&#39;s so adorable...i wish she showed us her skincare routine. her skin glowsss

Iam Afra My favourite bollywood actress is only you Very beautiful and cute

newspaper??? hahahahah really?

hii

You can come to Nashik pleas l want to meet to him please from Sanskruti Gangurde

I&#39;m your best best best best best fan from Sanskruti Gangurde 
Bohhhot pakao video tha apka alia g

Amazing blog,Love to watch your All blog video’s

My morning routine Start with mummy s&#39; chappal  and online class

I&#39;m not interested ok

2 minutes to bed Rhi 
2...3 english ke word bol kr... English ni ati....

I love u very much Alu. 

Yeh vo hi sadak 2 hai whose public got so much love 
My morning is start `mata ji Ram Ram

Yeah! Man.... I loved to watch this video

Look at herAlso they are nothing without makeupAnd full body whitening treatmentAnd brightening injections 

Alia app jada hi ptle ho gye hooo
Hii

I&#39;m a only one person in a world who didn&#39;t have any morning routine

My morning routine is noting  bcoz everyday is different day for me IDN why bs Hota h

How did Tatti come?
you have to understand what I read the file in full you have to understand absolutely in full I understand you that you are alone in the family that works more than I read very carefully everything today you are full actress today the whole planet will bow before your today you are with name and surname absolutely with full right actress more than that no one repeats once no one is allowed to discriminate today and more than that the first step I will take I bow before you and my heart I don&#39;t put her at your feet more than that I totally respect you you are the best actress for your parents and for everyone you have to understand how much I read the star very carefully more than that I respect you and more than that I will respect you in continued today you are a full-fledged actress no one repeats no one is allowed to do any I want You must understand this we must fully respect all today&#39;s actresses you are act rita signs Nițu Joker

Are you ashamed of speaking Hindi?
You are  Best

Which cast u are Brahmin

I am really your big fan of your dressing hairstyle and etc

Nice sharing

Alia Bhatt I am your biggest biggest biggest biggest fan and a brother also your biggest biggest biggest biggest fan is a very lovely women

Any sneezing in this video?? Please tell

At Bhatt ISS very ugly

I am your big fan
My morning starts from mom's date
Awesome video

MY DAILY ROUTINE  PLAYING  FOR  CRICKET

Alia is also on YouTube

Hlo Alia
Mam I&#39;m ur big fan I&#39;m from pakistan, , ,  love u my sweet sis

My morning routine first started exercise then whatever online class aur something Alia didi I love you 

hii

online classes became my every days routine. after some days we will be admited in hospitals .

Legends watch this in 2021

Same me

My morning routine starts with my granny......

So sweet

First with titty
Why are you not married?
Pls make your video of house tour

Nice

So sweet

Me bonda ley I didn&#39;t understand 
i really love only one actress that actress is only alia bhatt and you look beautyfull in no make up  also and with makeup also love you di love you so much 

I don't like it here!
Hi Aliya di I am your very very very very very big fan love you
Dark circles behout hai

<a href="">5:37</a> she scared me....

Biggest fan

When she said i read the newspaper My mind : Chill, She is talking about Jokes on that

Like️
You look  like hania amir Pakistani actress

Aap please challenge ka video karo

The subtitles where the  most funny,if anyone observed when alia spoke in hindi

I am mallu but I am your big fan

My morning routine push up karne se hota hai

Wow

dislike

Alia Bhatt in 2 states ️ and Alia Bhatt now 

Hi alia Iam south indian log please reply me and live

My morning routine starts online classes

U r so...pretty, love you
Hi mam

Who download flipboard after her saying   

Quiver 2 
Amazing 
Absolutely looking like mahesh bhat.....bhat family

Nice

Alia pls make my makuel video pls

Very nice

She is so beautiful without makeup

She is look like korine girl

I think when she was hesitating to tell the lines written in the &#39;one line a day&#39; book the stuff was about ranbeer lol

Aliabhatt are you Yoga of Fresh at Morning and Big a favourite  of all  (song)Daily a vlogs and skin a round as vlogs/hair a round as vlogs and Morning a round as vlogs and Evening a round as vlogs 
Love you alu
U r so cute
Shaf
Shaf english and shaf english

 not good
These are those baawle star kids who came on the screen again and again and forced people to watch...
My morning starts with chopping onions and sabzis... :) :D

can anyone subscribe me i am a little  youtuber 
Nice

Hi...I am your new subscriber..Mam....pls suggest. me a cream...for teens...I am only 15 so pls a suggest  cream...but it should be a whitening cream +motoriser + sunscreen +daily use....pls  a lot...mam

Hehe...3rd july is my bdy

Plz say something in hindi
U are a waste fellow

I liked that gesture when she lift that note book and touched it on her forehead because it fell down. This is really Indian culture. ️ Wao

Itna shundar️
My morning routine  online classes 
My morning  strst with free fire

You have an app number
Please give your skin care routine

I am from Tamil Nadu Alia I am big fan of u anybody from Tamil Nadu hit the like

Hi I am you big fan
Alia soo cute 
My morning routine start like:Uth ja kamchor(From mom)Uth gaye beta (Dad)Open the link and join the class (our teachers)Yehi h mera morning routineAnyone like mein toh laga do attendance...

Hi u like kpop
I am your fan 
I love you ️️
Pls hindi mai baat karlo yaar pls
Hola!! Like,share,comment and subscribe to my channel.  I&#39;m &quot;Rohini Mukherjee Miss India &quot; on YouTube!!!  

Alia you look so cute
your nose is too big
Legend  who watching this video in 2021

At <a href="">3:44</a> sadak 2 script, did you people see
Being in Bollywood you have very good habits , every body even you Alia know what I am talking about!

I hate you Aalia

Hi Iam 10 I love you

Alia mam Mai aapki bahut badi fan hu but Mai chahti hu ki aap APNI YouTube photo change Kar lo because aap us photo me koi aur hi lag rahi ho aur aapse ek aur request hai please aap apna number mujhe reply Kar De pleasePleasePlease please please please please please please please please please 

ALIA MAM MAY I HAVE YOUR NUMBER

My morning routine start with go to bathroom
Love u

Branding for Flip Board ,Is it paid promotion 

Favv 
ohh alia can you give me a heart plz

My morning start&#39;s with chappal!️

Hi

What????  Where is morning routine  just blah blah n blah nothing one thing  is drinking hot water with  OK n what is next reading n meeting a people

My morning routine starts in the afternoon

Love you alia Didi 
Yr ye kitni pyaari si hai ️‍️ its like when God decided to make her, he put all the beautiful things of the world in a blender, blended them and poured in a mold...!...Voila! There she is! ️️️‍️

I hate alia bhatt

Mam can you speak hindi

Really if you use the app flipboard ...then please use it for increasing your GK ( general knowledge )  rest ..the video is 

You are so nice and cute

Ye kon h Itni over acting kyu kr rhi h ye..

i love you alia mam
Hi didi
Alia G Are&#39;ya on Glutathione?

Phone number?????????plzzzzzzzzzzzz I will die plz
Hello mom
Alia Bhatt u r such a pretty than Shraddha Kapoor

Beautiful

My morning routine start with 13M unlike game plan

My morning routinefirst open my Eyes Then again close it

Alia l love you
You are my most favourite actress

Alia  make a vedio  of ur make up look with maybelline products

Aaliya bhatt news paper padti hai..........guys add to ur memory. ..only for ur general knowledge. ....okk......

Didi can you give your mobile number

How your skin glow didi

My morning routine, listen to your mother's voice, has not yet started 
My day startes with online classes on bed itself 

Hour....I will have routine...
Please didi home tire please ️
Hi aaliya my name is also Aaliya

Alia bhatt looking funny
Suuuu moch strouguuullll is there ooooooo meh god 

I really loved how she did that PRANAM thing after the book fall!

Hii alia sis i am yur huge fan u look awesome i like u sis
My morning routine with my phone

Alia Bhat is my favourite actress

Paisa khatam kiya..Youtube. Krne lge
How many curses have you got?
I went to bed
You look like my sister

Mera to morning routine online classes shi suru hota hai

Hi alia Bhatt I am your biggest fan

please meet me please
My routine is nid se uthke bathroom ganaBath khatam

My morning routine start with online classes I love online classes abhi batata hai

Alia batted
I love you Ali bhatt

Hiii I am your biggest fan please give me a ️️
Baikaaarrrrr
love u alia didi
I watched this for skin care    wasted my time

You are my favourite actress and you are so cute 

Super 
What a colour
Me apna dark circles k liya bhat kuch use krti lakin yeh hereon etna sab kuch use krti tab b enh k etna zada zada dark circles bht zada toh phr mera dark circles qa b kuch ni hona wala
We hate u
My morning routine start with        Mummy say aayega ja chappal khaega

Who like Alia Bhatt

My routine start with tea and online classes

Because of you susant sir died and your showings your morning routine

Finally i&#39;m soo hapy...soo glad  i&#39;m listen u was make a youtube channel  and i see today i&#39;m the biggest fan of u aliya mam...yesterday...i was fight  about the  topic is u......one person say...she is looking not good yet...i was soo  angry and i really fight with her..i&#39;m the biggest fan of u...m.apko tabse psnd krte hu ...when u was come..in bollywood

Am I the only one after Hated Tarun Video?

I have no morning rution

First i open my eye that is correct

I took the first chance
Lets be honest guys . This was not recommended everybody searched the channel. 

I call you aunty
Challlll haaaaattt chipkali
I am so surprised you are on YouTube

Who&#39;s here after watching @hated tarun&#39;s video.. 

You are charming

My pass is also penned like this...i love you aliaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
<a href="">1:05</a> dark circles but beautiful ️️
My morning routine starts with t v

My morning start with song

No one gives a damn about your routine

Who is beauty with natural beauty Jacque or alia? Mine Jacque.

I Love You

In morning First thing I do- first open my eyes and next.         ..........................................      .....  ...Again close it

Maam please give me a heart ️
I wanted to see her skin care routine...

Tamil

Which hotel is this? it looks great?

MY MORNING STARTS WITH 15 MIN IN TOILET 
Can I get a heart from the beautiful girl alia bhatt

Your videos are as shitty as you are and you look like shit

She is so funny 

My morning routine starts with phone 

Sooo cute dear
We speak about the future... Uske age kya hai.... Aur july 2 ko kya hua tha???? batao batao

Hi , Alia didi I am your biggest fan and you are my favorite actress really I am your biggest fan. Plz plz plz plz give me a reply plz

wow alia you motivated me to stop seeing youtube videos and study for my exams :)

She is sooo cute

Ranbir is so lucky ️️
I&#39;m big fan of you

Hy alia di
Kind minister. Sinister.

Mind freshener morning routine

I m very shook to not see u getting calls like mam aapka kaam hogya uska iska carrier kharab ho gya mam in morning!And yes I m a ssrian

I love you Aliya bhat
Why?does a Astronaut take rose to moon?and you can Answer me in the comment section belowor Answer me in my video or videos and I love to see all you Answers and comments THANK YOU SO MUCH

I worked so hard for Sadak 2 and it flopped.
How did Sadak 2 go from super to duper flop?
Who loves Alia bhutt 

You are my favorite 

ab pta chala ki off screen aap kitni sundar lagti ho. Samajh rahe ho?

Didn’t he say hi before she asked him to say hi?

Wow, I am your biggest fan.
Alia&#39;s eye colour is her real colour because laser treatment can&#39;t be done in the eyes

My morning routine starts with maa ki gaaliyan 

Wow you are soo beautiful
I came here from hated Tarun&#39;s video 

please talk in hindi
Is alia baht  made this vedio without makeup

Alia mam u r too good actress pls mam reply to me even I want to be a actress like u️️️️️️️️️️️
Who reading comment while seeing video

When you get early in the morning?? Time

Please suscribe my channel dhwani bhatti

Actually i dont have any morning routine . Because i wakeup in noon . Almost 12 o clock. And iam blessed with a sweet parents in this case. And the main thing is i will sleep in 2:00 am to 3:00 am

Zai Essentials&#39; Hair Oils are 100% natural Ayurvedic Blends handmade with love. These Oils are cold pressed, infused with herbs, in a traditional method of maturing them under direct sunlight over six weeks for the infusions. These oils are made in small batches , with the freshest of Ingredients. They are 100% organic, containing no silicones, parabens, artificial fragrance or any other chemicals.All products are 100% ethical and impactful. All our products are Vegan, Cruelty-free &amp; female-founded,  (NOT produced in China) Each oil bottle has been formulated specially to suit various hair woes or problems &amp; we hope to be the solution, making every day a good hair day for you!zaiessential(at)gmail.(dot)com

Alia,it&#39;s not a routine because you are always talking.please share it well

Where did the fox come from?
<a href="">3:48</a> ahhh disliked trailer ki script
Hated Tarun vala hai koi?

<a href="">5:05</a> I loved the way she picked up the book and paid respect to it.. every indian can relate! ️

I think u bollywood people don&#39;t know how to speak hindi u people only do overacting in front of all

I am your biggest fan I have see all your movie

One line a day is not a book, it’s basically a diary.

At list she&#39;s  not like others waking up with full face makeup on.....despite being a star sher showing  her dark circles....and thats what I liked

I like you.

Alia didi I am ur biggest fan 
Why should you drink it?
Sadak 2 script kash app isko jalla data
I️ alia bhatt ️
My morning routine is online class
Sadak thu
I am your biggest fan and i love your looks

Great

Alia u look like witch without makeup lol

You are my 10th favorite actress 

My morning routine starts with waking up

My morning routine starts from meand my online classes 

You are love

Hi lam niranjana oru hi
i really want to learn from her...how she carries herself ..how she balances her personality and attitude...and tbh she has a very good communication skill

Mam I am your biggest fan pls reply
Anyone from hated Tarun?

Alia ab az ho gai ab nhi acchi lgti aap bilkul nhi
What should I do now?
U r My inspiration for fitness

I am big fan of u

Hi alia mam

Alia mam I am your biggest fan
Her smile reminds me of Rahul Gandhi 

You are very cute Alia didi 
Alia I&#39;m your big fan and I like your routine

Still there are dark circles near the eyes
You are so cute . Love u 
Hi di
Any blinks
What time you get up and commenter please tell me what time did you get get up

Please spot to my something channel

lovely..Good Morning

Please ap video&#39;s banao

Is this alia bhatß own channel

U really need to come back to YouTube...... Pls!! Soon u r gonna reach 1.5M subscribers.......u shud upload something at that time

I am big.................................fan of u love you sis

I love  her

Alia you are doing so much showoff  that&#39;s why you are not my favorite

Alia Bhatt i am your biggest fan please give me your number whatsapp chat number please mam

Hi how are you kaise ho

I am the big fan of Varun dhawan and alia bhatt

trim ur eyebrows 1st
Hi alia bhat

Lovely

Please give me your phone number

Sorry but my morning routines start with PUBG!

Hlo

The hilarious fact is alia has less followers than flying beast Class 10 pass vs IITian : IITian Gaurav Taneja wins with 4 .0 million Followers whers alia with large fame but also with 1.5 m subscriber&#39;s 

Alia had done make-up in morning also 

I love her

What is ur make products maam plz say that products names

&quot;Love from Pakistan.&quot;
U should visit Pakistan

I&#39;m one year late but every Pakistani loves u a lot.....

I just hate you.

Alia have dark circles but in films i have to see her dark circles with microscope 

World best Jodi Varun Dhawan and alia bhatt

Alia Ur voice is really so goodI love it️️️️️
My morning routine first started with yoga and exsercise️️️
Hi alia bhatt

Nice your ️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
We all are very big fans of Sushant Singh Rajput and we all pray to God from our heart that he gets justice as soon as possible... and no interest in this video... till then he gets justice. That's why my man will not get peace May his soul rest in peace 
What is the haircut name of alia bhatt?

have a good day idol I love you I&#39;m from bangladesh half Philippine let be friend idol

Is comment ko jo bhi padh raha hai vo please Ayushi&#39;s drawings and crafts is channel ko subscribe and like kar dijiye ga aaj mera birthday hai please  help me

I Am Your Biggest Fan

Who is watching this video in November 2020

Am your biggest fan you are the reason I watch Indian movie

You are my daughter&#39;s favorite actress.
I don&#39;t understand that if this  is alia&#39;s morning routine does she keep talking so much without stopping after waking up as normally people are a little lazy while getting up from bed

Who is here after...sadak 2 trailer and so many dislikess..

Idiot Nd  brainless person

Atleast she is shooting with phone like vlogging not like other actors .

Me bhi aap ki hi trah Bollywood actress banna cahti hu

I am your real fan Be am your very big fan
My Morning Start With Online Classes

when are you going to post now??? we are waiting

sadak 2 most disliked now in 2020hahahaha

You now malayalam..Alia bhatt..
Please send me your number

Pets with your  day

I am wondering why the hotel staff permit the sadak 2 script as it is declared hazardous to health

I like in your love zindagi movie
My morning routine starts with brushing

Think first  bangaungga fir shadi karlungga but I was wrong sorry,,, ab  at first shadi karlu, batana pls,,,
Congratulations on wasting <a href="">8:32</a>min of ur life. Who&#39;s watching this after watching Hated Tarun

Sadak 2 ??? scrept
Did I I m 10 years old girl my name is akashya I want to be an actresse can you help me

Hi

in her diary ONE LINE A DAY . she was going to take name of ranbir but then she stopped .cute

Nice

Your looking beautiful ‍️ like this
Mam I&#39;m yours big fan mam please One reply please Mam big fan please one reply

Ye alia bhatt ke apne chanel ha yea fanclub hai plz koi bataye
She is doing copy of kareena &amp; i hate both

Alia plz put some make up on your face before shooting the videos

I get it.. U read the newspaper... A

HATE

Di app live anna please

And justice for SSR not this star kid

Hate Bollywood main Alia bhatt

You read newspaper everyday? GENIUS

Alia di can you reply me
Sabas

Sali aalia xxx

I put your naked photo on Google.
Why does any random person bless my family  I wanted to say like please I’m just a pre teen trying to get likes 

Meri chut mein ho rahi hai khujli apni maa ka dudh pie ho to meri chut shant kar ke dikhao.  Whatsapp mein message bhi kar sakte ho -7894196002 , 9348932746 , 8018889709 , 8917307878Call me anytime 

My morning routine is getting ready to go to a real job. I don&#39;t have the luxury of waking up at a hotel that i didn&#39;t pay for..  ur hotel was paid for by the people who watched ur crappie movies.

Plzz share your skincare routine

Only came here to dislike this video

My home is in Kerala. If you like Kerala, subscribe to my channel. You can see a lot of travel videos

I hate you alia Bhatt and your all families or specially your father&#39;s

Alia Bhatt you are my favourite actress please give the WhatsApp no.

Justice for SSR. May the soul of SsR rest in peace.

My morning starts from a cup to tea

I am ur huge huge huge fan alia mam plz give ur Mobile no

My morning Routines starts with my lunch 

Please showing your makeup collection

You is different then all heroines

<a href="">1:06</a>I thought you pluck your eyeballs then u wash it and then u insert it to its right place

Can you tell how to be a actress

tum sach me bilkul dump ho alia

She doesn&#39;t make videos like this anymore 

I hate  alia

I want to reach 1000 subscribers those reading can help me get that

Alia looks more alike Barbara palvin 
Anyone who would have seen this a year ago would have known about Sadak 2.
Is it your channel

My morning routine starts from Online classes..

Who is from CRD ( comment reading department )  to lagaao attendence..Or Karo mere comment ko like..

Hello friends.. I am a small youtuber and my dream is to be have 1K subscribers so guys please support me and  subscribe to my channel please support me..

Bitch is taking drugs
Wow! Please do subscribe to my chqnnel im filipino️

Owwwww alooo you are so cute but about your future plan ? Why you said , &#39;thats it &#39; ? hmmm I know very well 

My  morning routine strated with online class 

Aap without makeup me bhi kitna beautiful hain

Please post skin care routine

Lol chiekut

nice one...can you shout out my channel madam for your next upload?thanks and more power

Rip! ️️️️
Hi

I have seen your every movie

Alia I am your biggest fan give me your WhatsApp number I love you so much you are so beautiful 

What should I do in my rotting vagina?
To subhe uthke fi..,...... karte hai Kaya

My morning routing starts my online class.

My morning routine with loss belly fat drink and then I do exercise then walking on terrace and then my diet plan starts after walking

Her actions are very similar to BHUVAN BAM na????

My morning rutin tuthbrush.
Love you Alia

I hated alia

Good....but...not for me...!! Because, I was a big fan of you..now you are a big *****.....I Don&#39;t respect you anymore......

I am ashi a biggest fan of your I want your phone number

You are so cute. I am biggest fan of you.

Alia mam you are so simple. I am big fan of you...I  you so much..Wish I had a time to spend with you at least half a day mam.

Your smile is so cuteeeee

Why you are so smart?

really? no...really? u think that this is 1080p

I mostly like your song dilbaro

Alia di...  you are my favorite bollywood actor  &amp; your smile You are soo cute

Beautiful Nice queen cute 
I'm your biggest fan...your dp is soo cutie
I like

