Akshay Kumar is bast***

kind of bullshit. So kangana had affairs with Hrithik, Ajay, Aditya and many more in the same time frame, well done so logical.

No, kartik&#39;s girlfriend is kriti sanon.

Srk shocking

That's why Salman Khan doesn't marry.
OMG when you were talking about kartik aryan my little sisters last name is fatima and my name is sana!

Bollywood is not an industry anymore its a elite community.

For those defending varun dhawan. He was also on and off with Natasha during the beginning of his career. He had a secret relationship with Alia Bhatt during HSKD and then during badlapur they broke up and didn’t speak for some time. He both admitted to having tension with Alia and having crush on a co star and they once named their relationship an ishq complicated. He did eventually go back with Natasha and got married doesn’t mean he was loyal the entire time.

The rest did not know whether Varun had cheated anyone. Don't spread false rumors about Varun.
AKSHAY WAS BORN A RANDWA.

why you always use Shraddha&#39;s photo on thumbnail?? 

Maine kahi suna the god of cheaters &quot;Sanjay dutt &quot; ki 300+ Girlfriends thi,

Ajay Devgan and Kangana Ranaut are serious
Live and let others live no one is saint or others property

These people from bollywood were buying the drugs &amp; using girls for their needs with our money, shame on those who are still watching their movies.. Boycott bollywood forever.

These are the  2 solutions for Bollywood Private Lives--A) Private Life be confined to COMMUNES--where everything is shared from Paycheck to Kitchen work to Bedrooms to bearing &amp; rearing children--Let the party last till day of judgement--Or until there IS NO MONEY LEFT FOR ALCOHAL  RENT &amp; FUNERAL EXPENSES.  OR                                                                                                                                                                                   B)  Follow the wisdom of American Actress Audrey Hepburn in her famous Quote &quot; May be men &amp; women were not meant to live under the same roof--they should live nearby &amp; visit each other off &amp; on&quot;

Amir khan, ranbir kapoor is play boys of Bollywood

Are these all people for filming and acting or for cheating people

Bollywood Actors changing their actress girlfriends like changing clothes, Shame on bollywood industry

It&#39;s called adultery n its a big sin. I taught you ppl know that your married n cheat  sin sin sin..hello

This lady can gossip

Tharki bollywood

I am Shocked see SRK and Ajay Devgan in this list 

This is Just a Shit!! All Liess!!I can&#39;t believe and won&#39;t!! all famous actors are included in ..hahahhWhat a Garbage!!

 Thumbnail again varun and shraddha for more views 

Varun never cheated any girl please remove this thumbnail

Yo yo honey Singh
1000th comment  pls pin 
Lol

Lol

Akshay Kumar is the best.️️

Varun and Shraddha wants to know your location 

All I know that beautiful people cheats a lot.

In teenage Saras mother Amrita looks like Sara

Akshay Kumar also
Imagine ranbir Kapoor dumping alia

Saif Ali did the same thing with Amrita and the same thing happened with his own daughter Sara which Kartik did.
Not sure if all of it is true, but you&#39;ve named every one in Bollywood 

Shah Rukh Khan is not like that, he uses it in the middle, it is just an expression.
No I don&#39;t think Varun and sradha dated .varun Dhawan had a true relationship   with Natasha .it was  since childhood and he married her‍️

A

But most of them are rumors

Thumbnail : Varun &amp; ShradhaVideo : Everybody else other than Varun &amp; Shradha!Me :

Shah Rukh Khan 
As much as I have heard , Aamir was first divorced , then he got depressed &amp; became druggie ,And then he met Kiran Rao after they fell in love , he got married to her , that was not an extra martial affair .

shah rukh khan cheating that&#39;s impossible i don&#39;t believe

She is showing that all the actors are responsible, actresses can also do so

We're going sulman khan
Ranbir never dated sonam at all y u ppl are telling rubbish.. I can 100% agree in deepika case where he really cheated her and choosed a stone who really dont deserve even this playboy... Now he has got brainless stone.. . I have seen only rk saying out abt deepika only very open rtln he told he love and in a rtlnship with deepika i have never seen him telling out like abt any other ladies

Varshra are bestfriends, please improove your focus

Kangana Ranaut's name is said to have cheated more than 20 men.
Where is jonh abraham he cheated bipasa basu

akshay kumar wont such a thing

Varun and shradda are just friends please no rumers

South actress better ..

CONCEPT BREACH OF TRUST IN LOVE AFFAIRS APPEARS IN VIDEO. PREVAILS NO GOOD CONVENTION.

2 minutes silence for those who are Waiting for Varun Dhawan and Shraddha Kapoor 

Hey! Your thumbnail of the video is not true in any manner...He is the best person of the world..they both are also good friends so vdujii never cheat her not only Shraddha but he won&#39;t cheat anyone.........

It&#39;s all bogus

Is that true 

Srk thora.. Ajib lga as never expected
Thumbnail ??

Kartik is the new play boi in Bollywood this line

it&#39;s all f**king  erotic craving 

How did u say everything with 100%.. Did the actors say anything to u personaly

Mental thumbnail

Why didn't Aamir find any rich girl?
These fellow&#39;s are so called as heros

This list will always be composed of ranbir

Lie full lie priyanka Chopra is married 
Who knows ranbir will be in the 1st place ? 

Akshay Kumar never cheated
Is Priyanka chopda that bad what a home wrecker

I actually didn&#39;t see Varun in this video I don&#39;t know what you all are talking about

Varun did not cheat 
If feel like it&#39;s not always boys ik they are also famous so it&#39;s kind of advantage but girls also shouldn&#39;t date knowing their open status

I am shocked to see Ajay Devgan in the list 

Why girl names are not shows here bollywood heroine dumbed, cheated with their boyfriend why that not showing.

That mean all most all the actors are cheaters 

Almost all actor u covered
AB also

That's why Salman didn't marry
I did not know amitabh bacchan

Varun Dhawan aur Shraddha Kapoor note a lover only best friend

These cheaters are hote hai..some spring has come and some children are leaving.
Now Aamir Khan is divorcing his wife Kiran Rao

Bad boys

Srk ka false news.. Shut up

Bollywood chettha no values

Andharu dhonga naa koduckule
Varun and Shraddha Kapoor they are good friends let them be like that

Shows that girls are always loyal and boys will be boys

I stopped watching the video right after you said SRK

Varun and shraddha are good friends varun never cheat shraddha

Who is Harshvardhan?

Shahrukh had illegal relationship with Karan Johar and that’s the reason Gouri warned srk. She said she would have been happy if he dated a girl and not a half/half

Bollywood ke sare log hi ase h So strange
Everybody seems to be bothered bout the actorslooks like they didn&#39;t notice the same actresses&#39;s name repeated in more than one actors name!!!!!!

Where is sallu

What Shah Rukh is eating is wrong
Bollywood is fully filled up with male and female pornstars 

Ssr is the best.. He never ever cheated anybody.. 

I hate sharrdha kapoor 
Varun and Alia is best would couple varia and no. 1jodi varia I love you varia 
Can you tell me the name of a girl in thumbnail please

Sale sab kbutiya hai
Oh hello don&#39;t involve Kartik in this

Please change your thumbnail it is requested , advice and warning

haar ladki chahte hai uski boyfriend or husband uski pita jaise ho. alia bahut lucky hai yaar

All super stars cheat their wife

I have forgotten Salman Khan's name.
False information about shahruk khan!!
why the hell did u post shraddha kapoor on the poster pic

Why u always put shraddha kapoor&#39;s photo 
This has created a culture in Bollywood.
Alia Varun cute couple
Sanju Baba ke 308 gral friends 
<a href="">1:30</a> him name spelling is Kartik Aaryan
Warn Karthik of his flirtatous nature or else has to pay up with his life alike Shushant.

All Bollywood actors are cheaters. Bade log chhoti soch

About Akshaya Kumar it&#39;s every thing wrong okay and don&#39;t u dare to aploard this okay

Thanksgiving for you bcoz well knowing messages of all celebrities.N stays safe too with take care yourself well all celebraties from my sides too a lot.

you are made fool number 1 in world pagal

Varun Dhawan angry   Shraddha Kapoor cry  Broke 
Sab tharki hain sale.....

Ranbir kapoor and sonam kapoor impossible

Akki&#39;s and Srk&#39;s accusations aren&#39;t true

C&#39;mon those are all my favorite actors apart from Ranbir i&#39;ve never liked him

Love u sharaddha and varun

All men are players

Why do you always involve shraddha 
They just time pass

I swear I didn&#39;t expect Shahrukh
I guess some of the facts are rumors only

Where is Salman??? Without him, the list is incomplete. lol

Sabhi to aa gye or jo ni aaye vh aage cheat kr denge 

Cheat love is the traditional tradition of Bachchan family.
Kartik is not a play boy and sRk also not a play boy

You guys should stop those lies because it effects people&#39;s marriage just because you guys want subscribers.

South actors not this ️️

Brother, this is Bollywood, there is no guarantee with whom anyone will be here.
its just a lie

Play boy
Varun and shraddha are good friend so varun never cheated with shraddha

Varun Dhawan is not handsome or good-looking but still getting girlfriend and fame.

Amitabh Bachchan 
What the f***  SRK

They have not tell anyone so how could we bealive unhone hame bola to nai photo video to sabke hote hai

I don&#39;t think anyone would want to marry Ranbir Kapoor as he cheat any time he wants

I don&#39;t believe it on all most acters and actress are cheated us..

Why ajay why? Kajol ma&#39;am aaj bhi kangana se better dikhti h

After seeing few of their interviews I can bet that Kartik and nushrat were just good freinds. he always insulted ananya in movie promotions, and made fun of her annoying behaviour, so he never dated her also. and sara and kartik relationship thing was Just a publicity stunt to get famous and fool audience. I don&#39;t know about his other gfs but yes these 3 he never dated

Salman bhai u r genuine 
Kartik unbelievable!!
Hahaha everyone&#39;s involved
Omg Akshay kumar also

After seeing this i got to know one thing that this ia not cheating...this was their daily routine...

Bahachoo yeh India k youth k idol banenge sale sab kutte hai

who laughed when amitabh bachan came in

After seeing this my trust in humanity is over.sala humko ek nai milti aur inko 3-4 patani hai

I hate this type of persons from my bottom of hearts..... For them feelings doesn&#39;t mattters... Only they used persons for their needs.. 

Ranbir Kapoor top cheater Bollywood actor also he hv nice face

I really shocked to see Akshay sir in this list

Please remove that thumbnail 

Vishal

very strange

Hey Kartik, why are you spoiling Aryaan?
Who is left to save yrrr?
Varun and shardha&#39;s photo in thumbnail shame on your channel

Who had come here only for Varun and Shraddha?
Ranbir Kapoor most be play with girls 

Kangana n priyanka bedsheets of Bollywood actors

Kartik aryan is dating all girls which he shoot some  movies like pati patni aur woh with ananya pande and love aajkal with sara ali khan

Kartik is not the new playboy he is loyal to his partner.He dated only 2.I can&#39;t hear anything for him and Akshay KumarLastly no one gave you permission to interfere in their personal matter.Hope you get it straight.

Wtf ? Hrithik roshan&#39;s divorce of a equally distributed matter...both decided equally

Whenever people will think about Bollywood cheaters Ranbir&#39;s name will be on top # cheater forever 

What the fuck is wrong with you.. Don&#39;t make anything wrong about VD (Varun Dhawan) and Don&#39;t think about it.. he is a gem no one can replace  bcoz he only loved one girl in her life and proved loyality still exists..he is a role model and inspiration for all the lovers..️ no bad word about him

Priyanka had an affair with Akshay sir as well as srk how&#39;s that possible

This information will help GDP of India. Thank you

Oh my god
Lagti. hee. aap.kio.damig.kio.zink. lagghya. here
Let them be a good friends ever  Shraddha Kapoor and Varun

Kuch bhi mtlb SRK gauri k liye hi to hero bna tha

Where are Varun and Shraddha

this is not truee

Does this channel have any relationship with salman khan?

Srk and Priyanka?Srk&#39;s first and last love is gauri ma&#39;am
A question Sonam Kapoor is Ranbir Kapoor&#39;s sis right?

U put varun dhawan and Shraddha Kapoor in thumbnail and they are not even in video!? So i m not liking thid video bye!

Akshay Kumar what the f....k

Varun and Shraddha kapoor is best friend Change the thumb Nail

Srk how this is  possible 

Thats so false!!.Srk never will cheat his wife....Theres no other good loyal actors as Srk and Sunil shetty.. Dont dare talk bad about Srk..He so true to his wife.Stupid media!..Dont simply write what ever you want

Shahrukhan and briyanka hhhhh its big false news shahrukhan and kajol

First of all See in our life how much we r perfect with our wives...

Basically this video is based on rumours and nothing else .

Whoever he meets, he gets along well with him.
बोल्यूड में को आमान धर्म है है...one did not commit the crime of the second.
Where is Varun and sradhha 

No milk is washed here......
Chuttyi voice
Where is salman khan in this list

Where is Salman khan

SRK Never cheated

Sallu bhai has been forgotten.
Not so bad
Hrithik is not cheater.Ok?Sussanne was wrong and now she understood her mistake and they can marry again

hate the channel all wrong thumbnails 

Kartik never dated Ananya, Sara and those girls.. Even Hrithik never have any affairs with Kangana and that girl.. Hrithik broke with his wife after SRK insulted him on a award night where both were present. Varun and Shraddha are just good friends. They never dated with each other...Stop to show the stupid things . These actors are so talented more than you.. just go and do your work. Instead of giving us take news. Even SRk, Amir and Amitabh Bachchan never cheatedShameless 

Shame on you Guy who make this video,,, what  you are taking in this video is totally worng.. 100 %  false....

Shame on this YouTube page. This is a scene from a film! How dare are you Bladdy fool. Mad. *

Ranveer alwaysss first
Sharukh khan and priyanka shocked

My dad told my brother when he introduced his girlfriend to everyone, that no matter how good a woman is to you never go for her if you&#39;re married/in a relationship because no respectable woman would ever go after a taken man. I think this this statement says a lot.

All of them are bullshit ...actors ...

I can&#39;t believe varun cheated sharadha kapoor

Where is aishwarya rai bacchan?

Never expected from akshay sir.

Mostly Muslims only do u agree

bapre

Filmy fry is the only Channel that always keeps shraddha&#39;s photo on thumbnail.Even when she is not present in content

They are all cheaters liars

Also.add vicky kaushal  1st girlfried harleen setthy . Left her as soon he heard o.k call from katrina ..

Ranbir kapoor is a playboy

# 1 is ranbir Kapoor always

Half odf these actors i do not like

How you dare to say like this about Varun Dhawan and Kartik Aaryan ! Idiot

So many affairs in bollywood abd their wived took them back disgusting

Where is varun jhoota

Why do you open the secrets of the personal life of the Bollywood actresses and actors

Shah Rukh Khan ? I don&#39;t think so

Varun and Shraddha are very good friends. Why did you put their photo as cover?

Why is Alia marring Ranbir

Saif  Ali  Khan  s  wife  is  Kareena   Kapoor

I don&#39;t care what ever srk and Akshay do I don&#39;t the appetite to hate them especially srk

Ha ha ha ...I can't believe shahrukh extra martial affair...kuch bhi..
Where is varun

Iam shocked to see amir khan in this screen///

Why are you doing thumbnail about varun n shraddha

Ranbeer is alwaysss one of the amazing actor

U missed Sushant Singh Rajput who cheated Kriti Sanan

Amitabh bhacchan 
Hrithik &#39;s wife is drug taker thats why he devorced her

U dont know shit dumb hrithik and susanne got divorced cuz of sussane&#39;s addiction to drugs and how can u say an actor is in relationship with an actress just by seeing them walk together

I don&#39;t understand why the list is only men that are cheaters when there are women that were married and have also cheated

Kar thik and Sara Ali khan are nnice

kartik never hated in sara ali khan   no 1 is kartik

Why did I skip Ranbir's story because no one knows the history of our Nawabzade?
RANBIR IS THE BIGGEST CHUTIAY OF BOLLYWOOD

Hrithik doesn&#39;t dated kangana He refused
Akshay kumar is good man

Shraddha and Varun are best friends they never dated

Your mother's eyes tell my sharuk khan why are you hacking your phone?
I hate ranbir kapoor

Kartik is not dating Ananya, don&#39;t say rumours 

This is so disgusting that ur putting this up

Sushant Singh Rajput 
Wow  nice  english
In Bollywood, when a heroin romances with someone else, people don't know anything. Despite being married, the heroin romances with someone else, they don't understand the meaning of love.
Their real if fully ruined who agree

Ranbir Kapoor

Unbelievable... Max to max jagah Priyanka is involved or then saadi ki kisse to Nick ???
Is it really true????

Lier

Bollywood k sarr mard cheater

But amitabachan can marry because his wife is too old now lol from kenya

This cheating is not gd realy this brings same dangerous this like killing or sucide

Omg abithabacha also

Why do Bollywoods have to cheat,right?5hey can just live happily;

How you know boys cheating girls?

WHAT!!...shahruk....??
Hey what is that thumb line...change it 
I thought ranbir is the only play boy in industry but kartik ....

Shahrukh khan is never cheat his wife

Govinda is the best best and best because he never cheat anyone

Should make a romantic movie

Akshay Never dated shilpa shetty. Akshay never cheated on twinkle khanna

U forget Suraj Pancholi
Ranbir kapoor Mc hai not now acting Aa Gaya Baap ke dam pe Bollywood me mc I heat Ranbir kapoor who else hate him like here

Hritik is not cheater

Even SSR was a playboy 

U will never find VD here. He&#39;s one of the most loyal actor in bollywood.

Where is shraddha? I am here only for her.

are oye pagal why you are laying

@t the best bride lehnga

Hey hritik is a genuine person

Omg i&#39;m shok 
How do you smoke such ganja, not even a single news is published?
Saare ek hee line k  even hum b
MC BC hai sale log bhauraa sala
Where is varun and shraddha 

Shah RUKH khan ........are  you serious
Fun fact: Ranbir Kapoor's name is Rehta Hi.
Hey you stupid youtuber kuch janke again by making videos Shraddha is a student and her father forbade her to do any religion since she did not want to finish her studies till then she will not do any religion you crazy girl.
and ofcourse we cannot forget Rehya cakrobarty

Varun had never cheated any one he has only girlfriend and that is NATASHA DALAL don&#39;t dare to do it again improve your thumbnail u can  keep anyone  except VARUN DHAWAN

it&#39;s not like they hate their parents

It&#39;s very 
i cheated on my gf but she initiated a break up clause first...so i got confused....I admit that i did a wrong thing even though i was right..

Where is shraddha and varun??

Dont show varun and shradda,s pic plxxx they are great couples

He becomes a bad man for a bad woman...
Akshay kumar 
I think ami Khan cannt do these mistake 

I think you&#39;re addicted to putting shraddha&#39;s picture as the thumbnail

Wrong Wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong sharukh khan is not cheat ok

Why you aplly shraddha and varun photo in thumbnail i will see this video because the thumbnail have shraddha and varun photo and this time shraddha name is in drucks case i don&#39;t believe shraddha is doing this thing

Nahi yarr SRK nahi
Ranbir always nice

Varun dhawan is not a cheated lover

You know man

Sharddha proposed varun dhawan in school days
what nonsense!!! I don&#39;t believe any of these especially hrithik and shahrukh.They are so innocent.

Vrun dhavn and sardha Kapur  is the best

Karthik Aryan is my favourite.  He is very disent 

Bad examples for society.Dirty things

This ranbir bastard will not hurt
Now he changed

Varun cheated sraddha bcz of chudail 

Kartik only had a crush on Sara and the other relationships were of only friendship

Priyanka  chopra  has been married to nick jonas   sooo  lol...

I hate amir khan
Ugly face

Don’t give rumors

what about deepika don&#39;t u know her history

Kangna k kitno k sath afair reh chuke h..? Ye bollywood vale samj me ni aate.....

In their list there are only male actors who had cheated their partners and dumped them !!! Bottom line is male is mostly who cheated on their partners 

Your status is also not visible.
Where is shraddha and Varun stupid idiot

Sushant and ankita? ¿?????? ¿??????

How can you say anything about Akshay Kumar?
Why mostly men are doing this

This is all a big lie

Winning will be always ranbir  After deepika , katrina , sonam , mahira and nargis  he will breakup will alia and shradha will be next in his list . He - will you be my girlfriend Shradha Ma&#39;am - i am sorry ......i do not want to be your ex                                 He - what??                                

Speciallist: done-done, love-marriage, step-in-law's sorrow, getting rid of enemy, vashikaran, hindrance in marriage, discord between husband and wife, love related, desired love, love marriage, convincing angry lover, convincing parents for marriage, lover vashikaran Girlfriend Vashikaran, Husband-Wife Vashikaran, Son-Enemy Mukti, every difficult to difficult problem of your life will be solved for sure. We solved all your problems Whatsapp +91-8824145589
These people are just good in acting, we can&#39;t really learn anything from them....they are just as flawed as any common man, can&#39;t look up to them for inspiration

 ranbir is on 1 hmm he diserves cheater boy

You are wrong about sharukhan b&#39; coz sharukhan Ka kabhi bhi Priyanka ke sath affair ni tha ok but Priyanka tried a lot to get him but that was not possible ok

Kangna shuru se hi aisi thi...doosro ka ghar todne wali

Ssr is not in this video 

Bloody cheater
This is fn clickbait y was varun and shraddha in the thumbnail vd is a humble guy and he is taken and would never cheat . Shraddha and VD r gud frnds change ur thumbnail man it ain&#39;t cool

Hate these types of people

We want justice and Byecott Bollywood

Liars
Yaar koi bacha ha kya? This is the industry of cheaters. They cheat in relations they cheat in profession and still they call themselves &quot; The legend &quot; And who is this sonam kapoor i don&#39;t know her 

Don't think too much, son
I Do Not Like Ranbir Kapoor

aap logo ko jo mind me aaya ushka video banadete ho aapko kese pata ke vo relation me the aap kya dekhne gaye thi

I love kangna . She is the queen of bollywood

Ranveer kaapoor 
Jo Bhi Ho Shah Rukh Khan Has Never Cheated To His Wife.
Only for lust 

I tell lie

Akshaya kumar never take drugs
I think karthik is best suited with kriti. Who all think this KK rocks

amrita did the right thing...she left with her pride intact

i love varun dhawanbut i am alittle girli am veryagry .
KUCH BHI I DON&#39;T THINK THAT AKSHAY SIR, HRITIK SIR AND KARTIK SIR HAVE CHEATED ANYONE .....................VERY OFFENDED 
Kartik is new Playboy of Bollywood and he is too much cool

Complete Waste

abe chutiya ladku sirf ladke he dil nhi todte aur tu hoti kaun he bachan sabh ko bolne wali thodi to sharm kar

Where is varun dhawan and shradha kapoor ??

Where is the play boy king salman khan

Please change the thumbnail

abe to varun or shraddha ka photo kyu dala be

It would have been easier agar loyal bndo k naam daal dete...... 

Who is ranbir nd sonam Who r they??Especially ranvir was 1sr in this video



Why srk is here ??? I mean no one will believe this okk

Shraddha Kapoor is my fav actress  bcz she have a really God heart

How can Akshay Kumar cheat?
Stupid bollywood dirty bollywood

Farhaan's relation was also with Shraddha Kapoor, why did he tell her he was a starkids supporter?
i still don&#39;t get this,outside india when people cheat on ther husband of wife, it isn&#39;t made a big deal...then why does have to big a big deal in india??these kinds of societies in india suck to the core...

Where do get this news from!

Ajay Devgan and Akshay Kumar  surprising!!!!
Varun &amp; Shraddha are the beat

This all are mad

Karthik ki sath Sara e thik tha....ananya is not perfect for karthik

All the old ones must give the young  ones to do new films

Hey don&#39;t be over smart why akshay kumar foolish......

Are you crazy why did you put Varun and Shardha Kapoor's thumbnail?
this ruined everything

Varun dhawan had a crush on sharradha Kapoor and they are now bffs forever

This is not true at all

Oh, and don&#39;t forget Kangana!

Priyanka is TRULY a home-wrecker...Good thing Nick took away nher shame before it was too late...

You are telling wrong all

Why Kareena Kapoor is not in the list for cheating a gem like Shahid Kapoor for a person like saif

He is cheater

Best is suriya and jyothika ,how husband wife should lead life

Randi channel sala
I hate this channel they always tell liar please stop lying 

Dear creater r u forget about salman khan??
These people look at money...not at the culture of India...
Aada jhoot hai
You already know akshya and with girls 

You asked that they are cheated to  each other

1st on Ranveer kapoor
Are you gona mad?
Varun nooo

Sara and kartik
Ohh god it means i was right these Bollywood actors looks innocent but they&#39;re not‍‍
That&#39;s Pandey not pandi 
Don&#39;t make big issues on Varun and ShraddhaThey are only just besties We are here for them..

Varun not Chet his best friend

Now alia will be cheated

Is there only Ranveer Singh who never cheated deepika padukone? 

What is d big deal in it even village boys n girls flirt .

Ye chuche log professional me itne ghus jate h ki publicity se bahar nhi nikl pate r use hi duniya mankar khud k ek dusre ki lene baithe rhte h

Varun Dhawan can never cheat anyone especially shradha kapoor

Can&#39;t believe Aamir khan!!!

lie news
RanbirSonam KatrinaDeepikaMahiraNargisAlia Nd next i think rhea

Varun
Where is ranveer singh?

Is it bollywood or datingwood
Madam ji speak in Hindi and English to everyone
People with the same last name can date in India?

I hate Ranbir kapoor

Ajay never dated kangna

Why there is no sooraj Pancholi&#39;s name in this list

I will be same if i was a superstar or a star kid

Why always a boy is blamed for dumping a girl

Varun did cheated shraddha mam
One more name was Aishwarya and salman

Don&#39;t tell about akshay kumar that is their movie matter I don&#39;t know who is your favourite hero too but I am telling you he is too bad and you are also a bad girl or boy

Ye saala pyaar kabhi bhi kisi bhii age main ho sakta Hai .... Though kangna is really a good lady but she should not come in relationship with married men she should think that her this sought of acts can broke someone&#39;s house relationship and heart 

Why you have shown the thumbline of shraddha mam and Varun sir .We all know they are best friends but Varun sir can not cheat anyone.Please don&#39;t make such type of posters.....

where is Salam khan

I knew that Ranbir will be tge no.1

Oh hello Akshay sir, I am not like this, why am I not talking?
Subscribe this channel plz meri help kare ap sab se apil he plzzzz

All milk has been washed away and the milk has not been washed.
Why Varun Dhawan leave Shraddha Kapoor I think Tiger Shroff is a best partner of Shraddha Kapoor

Kangana ranaut ko hamesha dusro ko husband pasand hai?

I shock of kartik aryan and sara ali khan

<a href="">01:00</a> did the statement say AKSHAY KHANNA 

actually she kept all of the hit actors

Umm. I hate kartik
Hhahah that&#39;s what you get when you dump some one and you guys are exposed 

Karthik dumped Sara for Ananya I only Sara Ali Khan
<b>Bollywood is a vibrant-world full of traitors</b>

Abbe Chuthiye Akshay Nahi Hein
<a href="">1:24</a> sara mom looks same like sara
Akshay and shilpa jodi is nice kash wo dono shadi karte and kartik is not a Cheter break up toh sabka hota hai they all actor are not cheater yeh bhi toh ho sakta hai inki partner hi cheater ho kisi ko cheater bolne se pehle soch liya karo tum faltu mein kisi ko bhi kuch nhi bol sakti tum youtuber ko toh bas like chahiye uske liye chahe kisi Sharif insan ko fasaana pade you are ediot

I hate cutiya kaartik duffer idiot blind khanki
Chutiya randi bollywood..
All the great bollywood stars are bad

Please you make video in hindi 

Don&#39;t even dare to do this videos
I don&#39;t believe srk cheated

ananya likes aaryaan but aaryaan likes sara... we all can see it
None of tollywood actor cheated thier wife ever

Bekr

What a great thumbnail to increase views....And who is Sonam Kapoor???

Ma. Who benched Akshay Kumar Varun Dhawan
I hate Karthik i just don&#39;t want him in Bollywood

Just change the thumbnail first  Varun will never do this. He is already in true love with Natasha. Plzzz change the thumbnail.

Who gives this f**king news to this channel.

What about kareena kapoor and shahid Kapoor

The thumbnail is absolutely wrong..... Don&#39;t do such things for veiws

I don&#39;t think Kartik is a playboy

Please improvise your thumbnail

How dare you call Varun Dhawan a cheater
U GUYZ DONT EVEN KNOW THE FULL STORY AND SAY CHEATED CHEATED

BTW Who are these???

The Varun is also cheated with Shradha Kapur

as if all of this is true

Why the hell u pinned Varun in thumbnail??? He is a very good person yaar...

What a brother in law!
I Donʼt Believe This List Have Amir Khan

Where is salman khan

No Kartik Aryan anything
even a little
Where are Salman khan

Never thought shah ruh khan and akshay kumar will be in this list!!!shocking

Akshay Sir&#39;s fan
Thank God, it happened that Varun Dhawan's name did not appear.
I m shocked to see SRK in this list

What do you do, friend?
Sex is not relation..mens or womens feel ego,need money for luxury life,maintaining body fit &amp; family,friends good relation will give happy life.Doing sex with many mens or females is not crime its their personal life no family or gov should involve in others life.Their earning money gov or peoples or media is not giving free money to live..so non has rite to talk about others life

Who the hell is sonam??

I don&#39;t know why most of the girls are crazy about ranbir Kapoor for me he is nothing and ranbir is really a cheater

Kartik is only Sara's friend
Ybll

any rubbish

oyw kyu actors ki besti kar rahi  hain , kisne tujhe pasie diye hain , yeh sab karne ke liye, sushant bhi asie videos ka shikar hua tha , tabhi usne sucide ki , band karde channel warna koi or sucide karlega

Who is ananya pandey and jhanvi kapoor? I dont know



Seriously this is why I hate them 

Hey,Why u kept varuns pic

All these people are nonsense, there is no need for them except this, relationship is a nonsense for these people, just to make the movie hit.
Excuse me who is Sonam Kapoor if you know her then plz don&#39;t tell me that who is she

Is it real

In bollywood... no one drinks milk...
Who is sonam kapoor 
Hey kartik aaryan never cheated anyone
Ranbir hai hi ek no. Ka?
Who says they can keep acting professional?! look at these actors-actresses! can&#39;t stay out of each others&#39; pants!

Why did you put thumbnail of Varun and Shraddha. Varun will never cheat on Shraddha as she is her childhood friend.Who agree 

Karithik dating with Sara .....are u madbecause Sara look older then him

Who the heck is soonam Kapoor??? Hypocrite.... Never knew Bollywood was like this , Shame on these ppl

Damn no salman khan ? 
All cheaters should be punished

bhenchod FILMY FRY varun dhawan and shraddha are just good friends dont try to spread rumors on them by showing them on thumbnailPLS REMOVE ITWHOEVER AGREES WITH ME HIT ME A LIKE

Why are people like this are mostly celebreties in Bollywood &amp; Hollywood??‍️‍️
liars
A gye in the comments doesn&#39;t know Sonam Kapoor  ,  OMG

So basically all guys are cheaters

Don&#39;t believe this , this could be 00 percentage true

I hate ranbir  kapoor

Is this trueee???

You missed salman khan 
Who came  here for varun

Each one is a guy as usual..Don&#39;t show varun and shraddha you moron

What a cheaters

Kartik has another girlfriend not Ananya

Remove your thumbnail or else we will report it

They are in Showbiz cheating and fun is just entertainment for them as a cheap publicity..............who cares about them ..GtHF

certain  idiotic channels one youtube pass such wrong information ..................and this channel is one of them .........fools!

where is salman khan
I thought they will tell reason why shraddha and aditya Roy kapur broke up.....

Bolly wood star are  confuse too much prevalage

Most of them are true...but Karthik&#39;s matter is a lie

Where is shradda

Who is sonam kapoor????

FFS where is the proof????

I only watched it cause of the cover page and then i realized.....

Most of the popular actors of bollywood are cheaters

Priyanka Chopra is rand

you are jumping
This proves that boys cheat more.
Nobody is good or innocent in bollywood

Akshay kumar didn&#39;t cheat anyone

Where is varun and sharaddha dont use them for views

I have seen that effect in the eyes of Wali, I have seen the fate of thousands change. Hafiz Saqlain Shah My knowledge breaks stones. Contact Hafiz Saqlain Shah 24 hours WhatsApp 923008084271923451433995 for solving all kinds of problems, such as magic tunes, magical tunes, magic and ghosts.
Who is sonam??? Why they are showing a newz of beggar

I&#39;m Ishmael Isaac Ishmael Isaiah Welcome to the wedding maanner
And Girls dreams to have boyfriend like Ranbir and Kartik 

How Chu*&amp;%$ can you be?

Who Is Sonam Kapoor ? I dont know her!!

Arjun rampal is not going to marry susan
hey varun never cheated anyone then why did you put his pic and neither shraddha

Kartik is my hero
Amitabh Bachchan did not cheat, Rekha did not confess...
Kartik is dating Ananya and not Sara
You are telling l
The amount of nonsence in this video 

Soon

shameless you put varun and shraddha&#39;s pic in the cover 0age just to get views?!?!shame on your channel.I just cam for them 

Varun and shraddha???

Only salman khan doesnot have extra merrige relasion.

Ranbir Singh nd Akshay Kumar r very kamine hai.

Hrithik roshan is not a cheater

Wrong news again Chapal hai meri
i love varun his my fav actor

i love varun his my fav actor

I’m sorry but I don’t find ranbir kapoor cute. Maybe that’s just me lolEdit: wow kangana seems to get with marry men’s lol

Keep quiet askay Kumar never cheated it is his fime

No 1 is Rhea chakraborty

Kartik Aryan is really Good personHe is dating ananya pandey is so nice

How do you know they cheating they tell you that or you do it for view 

And siddharth malhotra

I don&#39;t like the way that you took Varun Dhawan and Shraddha Kapoor&#39;s photo in the cover.

i hate ranbir kapoor

Why did you put Varun Dhawan photo

Can&#39;t believe srk is included in this!.. 

I love your videos because you use English language
Kartik  aryaan  only  one  girlfriend  is  ananya
Where is varun dhawan and shraddha kapoor

Why have you put such a thumbnail of Shraddha and Varun?They are just childhood friends ,nothing more.......

hi varun

Ranbir is a bloody cheater..Alia&#39;s test is very bad because she has made Ranbir her boyfriend.

Where are varun and shraddha

We want VARUN DHAWAN and SHRADDHA KAPOOR

Nonsense don&#39;t spread wrong and foolish news

Where is varun.? That&#39;s why dislike it

LIKE I BELIVE!!!

Imma explain the thing between Varun and Shraddha they were 8 years when shraddha told him that she loves him and he didn&#39;t want to have a girlfriend with 8 and when they were 12 or 13 Varun had a Crush on Shraddha but it never came to pass but now he is dating Natasha Dalal and I personally think he should be with Shraddha since she would accept him still

U r cheater where is varun n sharddha kapor

Plz never use Varun&#39;s name for the sake of your views.Varun never cheats he is very loyal to Natasha still he acts with many heroines bt he is loyal

Where is varun and shradha

Hey PLz  uh scared me okay why did uh use varuns photo first Varun is ma fav actor he can&#39;t cheat

So mean

Varun Dhawan will never ever cheat his girlfriend Natasha Dalal everyone should love him lots of love  and heart&#39;s to him ️
Varun can not cheat anyone

Varun is the best the loyal one, respect man ️

Very shocking news 
Is it really true that Sara and kartik broke and now he is dating Ananya Pandey

kartik is not dating with ananya

This is all shittt

Why the thumbnail was that ???? 
Wow I am the biggest fan of shraddha kapoor

thumbnail is absolutely wrong! don&#39;t say anything about Varun sir and Shraddha ma&#39;am. you do it for views. I know

I didn&#39;t expected this from kartik

There is not varun and shraddha

Jab do actor sath mein lunch Karle Tu breaking news actor ke sath kam Karenge aur unke Sath lunch Karenge to vah breaking news to pahle wale ke sath breakup kar dusre ke sath Alankar media Chhoti Chhoti Baton ko bahut bada banaa Deti Hai Ranveer Singh and Ranbir Kapoor has accepted that he was in relationship with Deepika and Katrina and more than them also but never  but Kartik never said that he is in relationship with anyone

But Karthik is never said that he love anyone he was it mentioned that ananya&#39;s is friend and and had Crush on sara

Y r u showing Varun dhawan&#39;s pic uh thumbnail 

Ranbir SonamDeepikaKathrinaNow alia Next???

Why did your thumbnail show varun?Sara was not in a relationship kartik and Sara were  together just for promotion of their movie

Where is varun sir and shraddha ma&#39;am

Pls don&#39;t give wrong information

First name is Ranbir as usual...
kartik and sara best

Why you apply shradda&#39;s photo in thumbnail??, I am here only for her!!!

Wow all the three Khan&#39;s of bollywood saif, sharukh n amir. Are present here 

Where is shraddha Kapoor and Varun dhawan

Is it true????
Varun and shraddha are good friends they never dated nor did they ever get involved in any affair...plz improve your thumbnail

Who came for varun dhawan

Sartik...

hritik roshan  news is wrong

nice concep

Ha ha ha, Ranbir Kapoor's name is in the cheater list at all ages..
Kartik with Sara  ?Kartik with Ananya ? Comment your favourite

what the hel.. this is not true

Sara and ananya are not in relation ship ok

10 comment

Where are varun and shraddha ??!???!

Stl asa kar he nehi sakta

Kartik is the latest playboy of bollywood. Some girls are going mad for him.He is using this opportunity.What a CHEATER.

First to comment

Were is varun dhawan &amp; shraddha kapoor? ?
Varun cheated shraddha kapoor lover

3rd comment

Fitst view
First person comment
