

Thats why you should not hang around lakes or whatever that place is when you cant swim, like not knowing how to EVEN ADJUST YOUR BODY SO YOUR HEAD IS UP. They were like they were paralysed or something. Now imagine you guys if they were near water fall or at place where there is like turbine rotating (i dont know how you call power stations that use water as source of electricity). They would be dead wth no chance of being helped.

What happened to the baby next

U

And what did the cameraman do? Correct he recorded it instead of helping

well played, sir.

Just miracle  God bless that guy and those kids

Does the camera person knows how to swim? Or shout for help?

Hero

True hero legit .he earned his way to heaven 100%

I learned how to swim by drowning 1st and surviving that moment.

Wow. The little girl tried to rescue her friend. One word fearless. The guard didn&#39;t know how to swim. Two words, selfless and brave. So great.

Those children probably have parents that never taught them how to swim



my issue with parents my issue with parents where is the f*<b>***</b> parents don&#39;t let your kids out of your sight

This freaking music is annoying

I would not just stand there like an Idiot for so long time...

Parents fault in this case due to not monitoring those children. Teach young children to swim at young age, for their own safety



Go to swimming lessons with your children as early as possible

hopefully they got lots of spankins.

This is SO sweet. The fact that they remained calm .....Those children were SO brave. Where was Mom and or Dad?...That guard was also amazing. So sweet,

thank you God.. where the fuck is their parents!? Fucking!!?

How tf do kids not know how to swim yet.

Gotta love Asians they will put Beethoven on for the soundtrack of any movie or video apparently. Lol Seriously I love Beethoven too though

 jay jagannath 

Bless the guy

Kelly

Me at <a href="">0:06</a>:OMG THE CHILD ID GONNA SAVE THE CHILDthe child at <a href="">0:10</a>:Me:bruh

Hey! The man who drowned was finding his saviour who is a security guard, I bet he is one of these children! He found the guy and bond with him. I saw that in another video. The man said he was so thankful for the guard saving their lives!! OMG

How about this can we ask the question why none of these idiots knew how to swim in the first place come on that’s the first thing you should teach your kid swim dumbass swim

Fhfhhfffufuf

What happened to the person who shot this video? Shouldn&#39;t he stop shooting and called for help, or he go save them?

thees sad

Thank you so much

Where is the f*cking parents?!

Yep, completely staged for the camera.

They learn to float on they&#39;re back quick.️I&#39;ve lived on the beaches all my life.I don&#39;t even remember all the times I&#39;ve had to pull people to safety.

ตกแล้วจมมันโง่ อีโง่

คนฉลาดแล้วรอดมันต้องแบบนี้

<a href="">0:27</a> why he floating like that XD

sad but kudos to them to think at that time to just float and stay calm.. great job kids but be careful next time..

What a hero

Ok

I wish, I could be calm like the red kid during exam

ဟဏဏဟ

สุดยอดครับพี่

Good job baby!

Why are they playing Mozart?

What a tramemdous effort of those two kids... that&#39;s how need to be floating on the water without get panic.

those kids are smarter than most adults.. adults would take down even their heros in a panic

Cameraman enjoy the scene

Chinese propaganda.  Come on people, put more thought into what you&#39;re being fed &amp; stop believing all this crap.

Kdecuido

Sooo sweet babies 

NAM MÔ A DI ĐÀ PHẬT

Omg so fake.

Penyelamatan yang sempurna 

This looks staged

As far as i know if the two person are in trouble they dint floot in the water its already singking its my opinion ok thats the Real story wethere you like it or not lets experriment on actual seatuation you find out thats my opinion ok its only on my knowlegde

My sons fishing went inside waters then youngest was going to be pulleg by water inside two one my otherson jumped in and another saved his life . Thanks god .

I see an angel in this video

O my God

BravoThese children knew what to do and it saved their lives. Question; Did the red jacket child jump in or did he jump when he was falling in? Cuz he jumped

ดีมากๆฟ

All I see is people jumping into the water chaotically and then swimming further and laying in their backs . Why the fuck did they jump in and swim if they can’t swim? Tf

That dude literly ran all the way around ‍️



Wow



They have true superpowers to float themselves.

The one who said red one is smarter and white is not is the STUPID here. That girl in red is half concious. That is why her body relax. That is what happen when you almost drown. When your brain and body exhausted. They both just lucky. So stop make your own prediction. If she can be relax like that at the end, she dont need to act like maniac at the first place

Fuck the got who is taking video

อธิบายที

And what was the camera man doing? Waiting for the children to drown... disgusting

Эти дети умеют плавать. Их дома на воде. К чему этот цирк и для кого?

Those kids have knowledge how to float goodthing they use it.

Бедные дети, но умные!!! А взрослые сволочи подбегали и смотрели! Ни кто не прыгнул, кроме одного человека!!!!!!!!!!

WHY TF DID THAT PERSON TAKE TIME TO TAKE CLOTHES OFF ANF STUFF I WOULDVE JUMPED OFF THE RAILING SO QUICK

I am absolutely grateful for these kids having learnt to float in such a situation. ALL children should know how to at least be able float in a similar situation this will save your child&#39;s life.

Where are the parents? Immature people for sure.

No

The water doesn&#39;t seem deep and the shore seems very close..  Sorry but I don&#39;t understand why it was  hard  to swim out of the water 

太棒了大哥救了2條生命

God&#39;s mercy is new everyday.

This is so sad I woulda jumped over the barrier and saved them both at the same time tho.  Glad they’re ok

most people in china don&#39;t know how to swim

Why are they floating like a piece of wood? Is it real? It looks fake and scripted from beginning where the kid in red jumps is unnatural animated way.

Where in heck are the parents when you need them ??

And the mouse pointer guided them

Is that red wone ded

Los ángeles en acción, cómo siempre están a nuestro lado.Gracias

ThAnk Fatherthet are safe



Omggg  I&#39;m crying rn

ਵਾਹਿਗੁਰੂ ਜੀ ਵਾਹਿਗੁਰੂ ਜੀ ਵਾਹਿਗੁਰੂ ਜੀ ਵਾਹਿਗੁਰੂ ਜੀ

Absolutely unbearable to watch. Thank goodness, they were saved. I hope all children learn to swim ，it is so important.

Camera man filming instead of help them



شي حد يقولنا واش طفل مات ولا لا

ابطال تصرفو بذكاء لي انقاض انفسهم

Never leave kids unattended! What’s wrong with parents?!

Salute a bchaney waley ko

Alguien lo empujó 

OMG 

Valdeen apne bacho par har vaqat nazar rakhe

Yang bantuin tolol yang tenggelam tidak diangkat malah didirong aja diatas air

She is not smart she always like to swim like &#39;hmmm i dont know?&#39;

Good job babies 

Nam mô a di đà phật



천만 다행이다 큰일나는 줄 알았네~~

Real hero this guy



️

nNsnbxhnajjHs to be in the world of uyvj of the world of a very happy birthday and happy

He ram

Like for that kid that she doesn&#39;t leave her friend in any situation 

Что делают дети там одни без родителей?Что за безответственность?А если они утонули бы?Детям  просто повезло.

Looks like the first kid jumped in...why dont asians learn to swim?

Who wasn’t watching their kids.. 

Absolutely disgraceful parenting; not ensuring their children have swimming lessons.

Thật là mai mắn cho hai cháo bé cảm bạn đã ưu hai cháo bé chúc bạn luôn luôn thành công nhé



Children are soo stupid.

The security guard is the hero here....where are the parents?

<a href="">



Porque se corta el video para mi q es video editado

Teach your children how to swim, it could easily save their life. Imo the fact that none of these people even the adult knew how to swim if a failure of their families. Swimming is easily taught at the right age and can be done almost anywhere with a few feet of water. I was lucky enough to have proper lessons at a young age but my grandma told me she learned to swim a very different way. She was scared to try so her older brothers took her to the local river and told her to swim or drown before pushing her in. She said she learned pretty damn quick at that point and if she couldn&#39;t her brothers would&#39;ve obviously saved her but that how it went back in the day. No coddling or babying, swim or drown, simple and effective.

Wow that white tshirt kids also jumped for save his friend and 2nd that security man

Teach your kids to swim as early as possible.Even babies are comfortable in water with the right training.

They obviously know how to swing just based on the white shirt kid... just my opinion

I saw the kid staying still I though it died.

THIS is why, you TEACH YOUR KIDS TO SWIM!!!

Alhamdulillah...

Y yo solo me preguntó  quien rayos graba ? Se está dando cuenta desde el principio y no hacen nada !! 

This is a set up..there was no current..the water was shallow near the rocks..and they could easily have climbed straight out .Also very unlikely that two kids &quot;DROWNING&quot; would act so calmly....TOTAL B U L L S H I T

Eu fico tentando entender a pessoa que tá filmando ja que essa filmagem PARECE TER SIDO FILMADA POR UNA CÂMERA DE CELULAR 

:)

Повезло, я два раз тронул в своей жизни. Первый раз в 5лет упала в озеро, второй раз в 7лет голову подводой затянуло в трубу плотины для сброса воды.



Cena montada pra gravar vídeo. Fazem isso, inclusive com animaizinhos indefesos.



The kindest video I&#39;ve ever seen on CGTN.

THE WAY THE KID JUMP IN AND SAVE HIM 

OMG... Cool kids..️️

O imbecil que tava filmando deveria ir preso!!!

My God What An Ordeal. Their Lucky That Man Saw Them And Reacted. He Is A Hero For The Rest Of His Life

Aonde estavam os responsáveis por essas crianças???

Thats why parent must be carefully their children

...

Gente   saber   nadar   e uma    necessidade    oji  em  dia   deveria   emcinar   nas   escolas 

Criança não tem juízo mesmo  ir nadar sem acompanhamento de um adulto

Thanks God and this good people!

Eles estavam só boiando ‍️‍️

มารับชมด้วยค่ะ

Espetacular

The guy who jumped in and saved them both also couldn’t swim! That was such a brave thing to do! Water scares many people through childhood fears, fear of drowning and just basically not liking water, truly selfless &amp; amazing ️



Poor babies I&#39;m just glad someone taught them well 

<a href="">

This has to be China. Where the video of that little girl who was run over multiple times was made. Where are the parents?

I&#39;m so disgusting  that

พระคุ้มครอง

Abbe sale jo first se video bana raha tha wo to bachana tha na wo bet bet k video bana k maje le rahe the 

دمتگرم مرد بزرگ🇮🇷🇮🇷🇮🇷

Oh my god Semoga selamat...

Watching from the Philippines, proper training or swimming lesson in school is a must. But sad to say not all school have a facility..... And expensive to have a swimming lesson....

Hey liar the damn camera move like that damn liar video I





เด็กฝีกมาดีรู้จักการลอยคอรอการช่วยเหลือ เจอผู้ใหญ่ใจดีอีก

Thank for save their life

Masya allah

I respect this guy saving kids drowning.. but.. when hes see what happen, too poor.. its took long time to make a move...  N we can see this guy not have an experience about saving drowning... As we know to saving people when we reach the victim, head up of a surface... U dont need took a long time.. when see that... Expect the pool lot of aligator....

Ok ,tutto il rispeto per quello che ha salvvato i răggazzi, ma dov&#39;è sono i loro genitori??!I bambini non si lasa cosi da soli  viccino a un fiume, acqua,.....che genitori sono questi??!triste per vedere una cosa cosi !!

Hats off tat guy

प्लीज बच्चों को केयर कीजिये। उस भगवान के रूप में इंसान को मेरा सलाम जिसने दूसरी जिंदगी दी इन बच्चों को।

Yg nolongin kek siput goblok

️️

Great job

Gracias a Dios 

Video bane wale toh to bacha inko

Bahut bada bewakoof tha wahi se kood jata pehle yaha aya fir kapde utare

Ya Allah

M

New subscribers

<a href="">

Full support my dear friend just stay in touch ️

Juro por Deus que entraria na água sem pensar 2 ou três vezes para salva-las.





សុំអរគុណបងប្រុសដែលជួយ

OMG , So sad.That guy took forever.  I would&#39;ve <a href="">jumped.in</a> from the start . When my stepson was 6 or 7 me and his mom was swimming in the river in our little TX. Town waters real clear , people swim out there all the time .. we started finding stuff on the bottom people lost. Like sunglasses alot of those. I found a silver ring with 15 diamonds in it with TX star . Money , any ways Alex was on the bank well in shallow water as we both went under at the same time , mistake ! Will we was under water scanning the bottom , we could hold our breath along time . Well we both popped up at the same time . We automatically always look to see if hes fine.  All I seen was the top of his head in a different spot deeper out , he went out the wrong direction and it droped of real quik . I was in chest deep water he was at least 75 to 100 yards away .. he was doggy paddling , he was real chubby back then so i knew it wasnt good . I was running seamed like slow motion in chest deep water but it started getting shallow fast so i just kept screaming , Alex look at me ... Dont Give Up ... keep your Eyes on Me .. keep doing it , your doing good... trying to help with the panic . I will never forget the look in his eyes . He was scared to death  eyes real big . Man I&#39;m proud of him he never gave up . And hes fine , we never done that again.. but one time it rained alot so the river was flooded Rapids moving fast same all of us drove down to look at the water . We have a small bridge we drive over the river to park . Had my dog with me cattle dog , good dog protective . Well I was buzzing ALITTLE that day drinking , I thawt I would hop in the inner tube and ride it down ALITTLE ways then hop off . I jumped in , I did not think about my dog . He jumped in to get me , so now I&#39;m trying to grab him , moving fast I flipped out tube took off ,  dogs clum8ng up on me my heads going under then I pull him his goes under we I&#39;d that all the way to the bridge fighting the current.  Man we rounded that corner i seen there was only abou 6 in. To touching the bottom of the bridge we are gonna have to go under water for the length of a 2 lane road. Thank God there wasnt any hung up tree limbs under it . So out the otherside ot spits us out dog went left I went right , my shorts got ripped Off shirt halfway off one boot  and out of breath. I laid on the bank a min heard my dog winning , looked and hes about to jump back in to come across.  I heard the truck coming,  we made it . That water is no joke . Remember what I didnt if you ever get in that situation.  Try to relax dont fight it . Its gonna take you under and beat you up but fighting it will just ware you out . The next day I felt like I was beat up by 10 men and ran over by a car . Learned to respect that water real quik.

Ở đó quay video mà k kêu người cứu đúng là bọn YouTube

Good 

Omg ...that man is a real Savior. May I know where is this please?

Hello

Hi

Ни кому не пожелаю таких горе спасателей... Надо было ещё шапочку для плавания одеть  ...



Sao coi thường mạng sống vậy

What where children doing there all alone

They ain&#39;t know how to  but they know how to float

Semoga ga terjadi apa2

FAKEASS SHIT YO  BAAAH 

I saluteto you realJinhone( two) logo ki jaan bchaee

Baruch Hashem God is  always  watching

โชว์ดีที่มีคนมาช่วยทันสาธุสาธุสาธุ

The red shirt kid looks like he&#39;s just chilling.The other kid trying floating and it only works for a few seconds

vv

Oh god plz hlp this baby

I swam from kids, I know it was a fake for content. Nobody can relax, stay calm and afloat if you can&#39;t swim. Look at the rescuer he was really wasting so much time

Jo video kya hai bw chuttiya hai

Allah Ho Akbar

The red Guy didn&#39;t die?

Let we pray for their parents to get a slipper shot in their face. bullshit. They are fucking somewhere leaving their kids alone.



<a href="">

<a href="">

Watching from Philippines! 🇵🇭 🇵🇭

Тот дурак который снимал где

This is fake bcz kids Know the swimming  vry well in this video

Oie Boa noite

I want to learn siwiming , but as soon as I  close my eye , a fear run through my vain , as the fear of sea  ( even thou I never visited sea , even not within 500 km from sea )

Good bri

Why she can float

เราตอนเด็กก็เคยเล่นแบบนี้อยตุ๊บป่องไม่เป็นไรหรอกไม่จมหรอกจ้า

But swimmer can not react as fast. He removing shirt



Cu kịp thời hay quá cảm ơn bạn nhiều thanks you OK 

بہت اچھے زبردست ویڈیو

Allah pak hum sb k bacho ko apne hifzo aman Mai rakhy Ameen

А кто-то стоял и все это время, пока дети тонули , спокойно снимал. Чудовищно!!

Bahut Bahut dhanyavaad bhai aapko

Real hero....saved two lives....salute you sir

Kids are smart



Lucky childrens who saved  but the man who saved these Appreciable

️️️️️

Thank God....

Thank heavens the children know how to float. Should become mandatory training for every child.

Good job man god bless you 

️️️

Ya Tuhan ku  semoga tidak terjadi apa-apa dengan 2 anak itu aminn

But that camera man can&#39;t save

Good ️

Who&#39;s taking the video. Is it cctv.

Good job 



Yaalloh

Helping super

কি

Aku sorang jeke malay?

This shit breaks my fucking heart!  The parents need to be shot!!!.  Thank God for that man.

God bless you brother ... u r great...  child life safe



ਸ਼ੁਕਰ ਹੈ ਜੀ ਪਰਮਾਤਮਾ ਦਾ ੍ਬੱਚਾ ਸਹੀ ਸਲਾਮਤ ਕੱਢ ਲਿਆ 

so sad

Are bhai to video banata ha insaaniyat bilkul Mar chuki hai kya



Thank God



Shame on the person videoing and not helping

Allah Pak ka lakh lakh shukar

Bruh they can swim that ;/



Of course China haters would say the security guard that saved the children was either Taiwanese or Japanese

Stupid idiot . He dove alone into the water

Whose making video ??

When I see the thumbnail:I laughMe when i see the end of the video:I&#39;m sad

Emocionante

<a href="">

The fact that they did not panic or struggle but lay on their backs saved their lives.

He don&#39;t know swimming too

How incompetent to hire a security guard who can&#39;t swim for a lake area....just....insane luck how no one drowned here lmao. I&#39;m really upset to see this though, every emergency needs to be considered when hiring security!

FREE TIBET

Who the hell  was that guy one whose taking video instead of saving those lil ones

I didnt know you can float on fresh water

Are they okay?

Auh hero medal

Good thing they knew how to float. Where are their stupid parents? How can their parents let them play near the pond without keeping an eye on them?

All the salutes to the camera man

THANK CGTN! &lt;3 LOVE TAIWAN COUNTRY &lt;3 LOVE HONG KONG FREEDOM &lt;3 LOVE TIBET FREEDOM &lt;3 LOVE TIANANMEN SQUARE DEMOCRACY PROTESTS &lt;3░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░▄░░▄░░░░░███████████████████░░▀▄█▄▄█▄▀░░░███████████████████░▀▀█░░░░█▀▀░░███████████████████░▄▄█░░░░█▄▄░░███████████████████░░▄▀█▀▀█▀▄░░░███████████████████▄▄▄▄█▄▄█▄▄▄▄▄███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░

So GLAD they were saved. Precious children.

The man is the hero…

14000 Chinese hater pressed the dislike button

You no your good when you risk a life for a life

Thank you

5

The camera man thought it was to good to put down his camera to help

Just lay on your back. At the beginning you would think that you are drowning but only your  body will get submerged and your head would remain on top of water. Remember to keep your legs and arms straight.

They left the childern unsupervised near the pond!

No no no

Jitne video kya hai vahi to uska baccha sakta hai na to fir Hasina kyon nahin kiya hai ki sab jhoot hai

Let’s make pond angel! That was a joke but this person did a great job saving them!

But what about the guy with the camera

All is well that ended well.

When the girl in the white tried swimming towards him

I fell into a pool as a small child and I remember feeling so relaxed and at  peace when I saw my Mom, fully clothed pulling me out. I wondered what all the fuss was about. I swear it felt like I was breathing underwater.

China must make it necessary, if not mandatory, that school children take swimming lessons.

,, 

1234567891011

Adultos irresponsables dejar esos niñitos solos frente a una laguna ..tuvieron suerte de sobrevivir por la ayuda del adulto ...que descuido ..

Puto héroe

Modo tieso

Damn, they are harder to get rid of than I thought!

For anyone who cannot swim. You won&#39;t sink if you relax. Easier said than done. Tense up and you will sink like a stone. Lie on your back.

such a good friend that he jumped in to helped his fellow kid friend 

he was going for a walk to enjoy the fresh air then “Eh someone is in the pond!”  good guy 

Hahaha so funny

I think they should make swim lessons in school mandatory or a class on survival can save ALOT of lives

Pansy standing there staring... I would&#39;ve lept over the damn fence to get them. He even ran around and <b>STILL</b> just stood there watching! 

[HITLER&#39;s SOCIETY OF VIDEOS THAT GIVE THE VIEWER A SENSE THAT OTHERS ARE LOOKING OUT FOR YOU, IN WHICH EVERY ONE REFERENCES A WAY THAT SIHA IS CONSISTENTLY LEFT ON HIS OWN IN A FALSELY LIFE-THREATENING SITUATION IN WHICH SIHA IS DENOUNCED AS A SOCIOPATH FOR IRONICALLY PRETENDING THAT SIHA&#39;s LIFE REALLY IS IN DANGER, EVEN AFTER A LIFETIME OF EVIDENCE THAT IRONICALLY PRETENDING TO BE IN DANGER IS A COMMON WAY TO EXPLAIN ONE IS NOT IN DANGER AND NOT TO WORRY, IS OVER.]

God bless u

Anjos!! Heróis!!

Que es esto tiene que ser sacado de una pelocula verdad

Good job

Y la persona que está filmando estaba dispuesta haber cómo se ahogaban que dejar de filmar?

The guy really took his time saving them. Like, damn did you get your shoes off alone with your shirt to. Did you stop to put on swimming trunks too.

Awww sad and happy at the same time, second fell to get the first out. 

Thanks all to save thier lives

DEUS É FIEL PRA GUARDAR O SEUS PEQUENINOS

The thing is the camera man didn&#39;t even help them

Real heros

Tirikmiiii ey xudoyim

जिनदगी मे तैरना सिकना बहुत जरुरी हे आज के नैताओ के दोर मे नदी तालाब खतम करदीये ईन नेताओ ने बहले के बादशाहा राजा के हाथो के नदी ओर तालाब खुदे हुवे हे ये  नेता खुदवाएगे तो कया ये उन की चीज भी बचा ना सके ईस लिए सिविग पुल मे जाकर सीको बहुत बहुत जरुरी ईस आदमी की हिममत देखीये हमे ये लग रहा था ये दोनो बचचे मर जाएगे लेकीन यै आदमी तेरना जानता था हिममत करी ओर बचचो की जान बच गयी ईनका तहे दिल से शुकरीया अदा करता हु

Бедные детки мне их очень очень жаль

Boo

Song name?

تبارك الله عليك الله يعطيك الصحة  التألق والعطاء

Iss samay koi shirt utar ke jata hai kya

Allah Amin

Thanks to god

who record the video?....why? he/she did not try to rescue,and keep continue recording the video.

Now where are the parents or the baby sitter  that&#39;s how you know some parents or the baby sitter is not responsible  thank the lord he put his hads and holding them till some one came to rescue them see god of abraham Jacob isaac and Israel  exist and people had forgotten  him

bro i thought the kid in red was dead 

Allah ka shukar

Where is the mother and fother I think they don&#39;t want there baby&#39;s

where are the stupid parents



Where were the parents?

Thank God they&#39;re smart enough to stay calm instead of panic, which could&#39;ve caused them drowning.

DIOS BENDITO LOS PROTEGIO MANTENIENDOLOS A FLOTE

We all must know swimming .

good job...

I have USCG training and I would have been in there in a heart beat no question.

Whoever you are, God bless you!

I see miracles and dramatic in this video. Kid were floating instead of drowning and the man who rescued them didn’t know how to swim but he done job perfectly. Can someone explain with logic here?

Salute that man. God bless him

Who the hell would be recording in such a moment and not going to save them  !!!!!!!!!!!!! WOT THE HECK !!!!!!!!!



Que triste los dos niños se ahogaron 

CPS ain&#39;t gunna waste time on this one...

This is why you make kids learn to swim. They saved their own lives knowing to float and relax.

Stupid parent

Oooo...Thanks god.....for saving their lives

У мужика реакции-ноль. Уже спрыгнул бы с моста за ними. Как дурак стоял, потом оббежал, разделся и еле плыл. Капец. Хоть самого спасай

Algum comentário BR aqui? Tô perdida

Teach your children to swim. Do you want them to die?

Bohot acha kam kya pa ne allah pak ap ko lambi zindagi de ameen

Oi toi 2 đua nho.rât may găp nguoi cuu kip thoi

One who can&#39;t swim must    learn a great lesson from this video thanks for being in my recommendations

GODLIKE peoples 

These children are the smartest I have seen!

അപകടത്തിൽ പെട്ടതാണെങ്കിൽ കുട്ടി ഇങ്ങനെ പൊങ്ങി കിടക്കുമോ?

ÇOK şükür uşağlar ölmesin dünyamıza merhamet anlayışn bol et Allah

I will teach this to my daughter.Even if she dont know how to swim, atleast she know how to calm and to float



Parents need a public beat down

But how can I at 36, male, kinda obese and aquaphobic be able to float like that?! I think I&#39;m doomed. Hence I&#39;ve stopped visiting swimming pools and beaches.

I wonder what is the camera man doing this whole situation lol, he was just like let me record this whole thing and post it in youtube ‍‍‍

I was saved twice and saved my little brother and a teenager from drowning..both equally scary..my little brother panicked pushing my head under water..thank God I was able to put him on my neck somehow and walk us while still underwater to the shallow end where we could stand..god bless them!

respect to help !

南無阿彌陀佛



God bless these beautiful souls! 

Прыгаи черт

Да жестко

Why didn&#39;t he jump over the rail every minute is crucial

Always teach your kids to float on their backs at a young age.

So, can someone tell me how to float on my back?

Looks stupid or it&#39;s fake! How did the kid suddenly turned out to be in the center? They were both near the stones on the bank! There&#39;s no stream at all! Why the adult is standing and looking? Doesn&#39;t look truthful at all!

Thank God they know how to float

The kids are soook smart  They floated on there back until someone showed up

Bravo save by the way &amp; bravo young  children for not drowning,  for relaxing &amp; did the float, wow ! Move ! Yeah !

На одном дыхания смотрела. Слава богу, что дети живы.

Clap for camera man 

40 years ago, I was the same age as these children when I was saved from drowning in a lake.  A woman jumped in, pulled me off the bottom, and carried me to shore.  30 more seconds and I would have been dead.  I will never forget her, just as I&#39;m sure these kids will never forget this man.

Teaching your children to swim is important too.

and the parents of the kids ataking a selfie  in the other side of the bridge ‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️

People should put the camera down and go and help.

Why did they get in the water if they couldn’t swim

The main culprit is the parents of these two children

No man was a jerk the kids could have died as casually took his time and why he wasn&#39;t watching these kids anyways if they they were black that be in jail no questions ask 

The more you flat on surface of water, the greater is the chance to survive.Broken english

amin

always remember , parents or guardian, eyes on the children even they are kids......

too dangerous

i think this is a fake video because if it is real, why the person filming it did not help at all but kept on recording

Teach ur kids to swim or keep them away from water

a di đà phật

Survival instincts 

Что это было?



Screw Super man this guy is a hero

Whoever taught them to float on their backs saved their lives

And wtf was the camera man doing? Watching them strugglingfak you

Hello Chinese Govt:1. Don&#39;t plaster the screen with links before the video is finished. Very rude to viewers.  WAIT!2. While this was a heroic act by a person, why don&#39;t you show some of your govt&#39;s cowardly acts toward your own people. Fix your issues and don&#39;t do propaganda for your sick govt.  Fix your govt.

O my god so said love from Pakistan

Camera man should have saved them, instead of recording this video.

At least teach your son or daughter how to float. They did great

thôi song rồi nguy hiếm quá

This man important her clothes 

Glad they are OK, but if that was a hand held camera why didn&#39;t the person holding it do something!

Omg, angels procted them...

I taught my kids to not panic and lay on back and float. Both love too swim but not good at it. My son actually did this in frount of me at the beach. And remember ed too float.

GOD IS GOOD ALL THE TIME AMEN ️IT TOOK HIM FOREVER TO HELP THEM

Thanks 



And who is that idiot taking video without saving 

Its kinda weird... Why the white one dont pull red at first and why red just continuing goes away... Why dont red take white hand at first?Thats only what i saw at first...But i love the way they float themselves

Chinchilla hats2 weeks agoThe other kid going to save the one who fell in  they were so smart to stay calm and float on their back. Most kids don’t do that.

Remember 2 mind game pros kicked out China Hillary Clinton met them at airport that is them tricked Hillary Clinton

Like that time Hillary shooting the face off another senator paid a senator to cry say it was a hunting accident

I seen senators save a child that was staged im Christ u can&#39;t lie to me thy lord cane Buddha g

To save one life is to save all of humanity

I like the one who tried to save.. but then.. she struggled more than the kid she tried to save.  Luckily the other one was smart and know how to float calmly while waiting to be saved

2人とも助かったんですよね？？浮いて助けを待つ、って親に教えられてた？ここの近所でそういう教えは当たり前に教わってたのかな？怖かったろうに慌てずジタバタせず浮いていて本当に偉い。親御さんなのか学校の先生かわからないけどそう教えておいたのがこうも結果を出すかと思うと、些細な事でも、普段の生活とかけ離れてるような事でも教えておいて損は無いですね。

<b>I am proud to say that I&#39;m the mom of these two kids.</b>

Спасатель бля тормоз )долго думал бегал...

So the person recording just decided to not run down and help??

Am I mistaken - didn&#39;t the child in the red t-shirt purposefully jump in?

Every kid in the world should learn how to swim from 4 years old, it should be mandatory in every school in the world. . Just a small effort for Governments around the world.

Good brave Samaritan, smart calm children.God bless them all 

Who is the person which is making the video,as camera is shaking not calm(so someone is making video and not helping these for long time)

Waheguru

This is my worst nightmare... thanks youtube for showing me this. So thankful someone was there to save them.

China？

Worst nightmare of our parents

Bruh! How they know how to inflate themselves and float on their backs? Lmfaooo

Smart child

Người cha thứ hai của các con.các con có phúc khi gặp người cứu sống các con,A Di Đà Phật,

Omfg I nearly bawled my eyes out! I thought they had drowned! Wow! Such smart young children floating for as long as they could until someone came to rescue them. Thank god and god bless that mans soul for being there that day



What i saw is that the kids knows what they are doing..You can do such floating if you had a training..

That water looks kinds natural like, as if it&#39;s an ecosystem or something...<b>wait... oh no...</b>

Saved by a hero who is not a swimmer. God bless you for ever... MA

God reminded them how to survive drowning

Deus poderoso

Honestly, teach your children how to swim........ Its kinda basic in my oppinion.Gj to the dude

For views its May be create like this I think

Both know swimming

all i can say not to offend anyone, where the hell are their parents, really irritating when being careless like this, children are hyperactive always, being parent your work is to supervise them time to time. luckily the kids survived.

Ok. Were was person who was filming all this

IT : Time to float children ! Hehehahaha !

Was this video shot from a spacecraft?? What the hell was cameraman thinking??

Where was the struggle

So smart children

மனிதம்

I woulda just jumped from the top

Is the red kid died?

why don&#39;t people learn to swim in china?Even the guy who saved them could barely swim which makes what he did actually quite brave.

Great work sir   may Allha bless you.....

shamefull that you kept filming for 2 fucking minutes .  you could have chosen to instantly drop the camera and help them . but nooooo   making a video seemed more important   didn&#39;t it .    the camera man/woman should be jailed for their unwillingness to  jump into action .

i wonder how the kids are doing today.

这俩孩子厉害了

Gott sei Dank 

Wish it could&#39;ve ended this way for my 9 yr old cousin  S I P Cameron 

YERLERİN VE GÖKLERİN VE HERŞEYİN SAHİBİ YÜCE ALLAH çin doğu Türkistan kardeş lerimizi zülmeden zalim bir terör ve işgalci terör örgütü çin yok olmaya mahkumdur ALLAHIN İZNİYLE zalimler için yaşasın cehennem

Smart children with dumb parents!!!

I think it&#39;s funny how that guy ran all of the way around.  If it was me, I would have been up and over the railing.



Долго думают, помощь или че, родители не оставляйте детей без присмотра!!!!!!!!!!!!

I just came from a video where this exact same thing happened...except in the other video the girl&#39;s sister just sat on the side of the road watching her older sister struggle and drown.  Luckily some delivery driver on a moped saw the girl in the water and jumped in to pull her out.

You are so great sir  ..

Alleluia!

i thought the boy in red was dead

Why no one wtching kid play

At first I thought the red shirt child is dead but he was a Brainiac

Храни господь и компартия того человека который рассказал детям, как вести себя в опасности на воде - лечь на спину.

Maybe instead of building a skyscraper every day, China can build a few swimming pools.

Scripted

Oh my god.

Why don&#39;t you just quickly look for help rather than filming them to death

Oo

Why the music, ...

It&#39;s a prank 

Brave kids

Man I’m an adult I would hate to see this, I can’t swim and would most likely jump in and drown.

Hero

Зачем мне это в рекомендациях выходит Я спать не могу от ужаса такого Ради всего святого не пускайте детей одних к водоёмам

I don&#39;t understand why they moved so far away from the rock bank that they were holding on to at the beginning? Stupid kids‍️

Praise the lord

But why did they not just stay close to the rocks and grab onto something like they did at the start

fresh water is more difficult to float

Oh my God

Fake

13k thumb down？ what is wrong with those people? in real life, all pretend to be gentleman while oline, totally release yourself LOL

Pesan khusus untuk orang tua keluarga &quot;jangan pernah meninggalkan si kecil tanpa pengawasan di manapun dia berada anda harus cepat sigap tanggap dan peka

Seems the one in red jumped in

The one who dived in to a real friemd

هل اجد من يترجم هذا الفيديو

Security guard didn&#39;t know swimming

How the F they cant SWIM!!!

to the person who did nothing but stand there and record this—   -_-

So where are the parents?

Chinese people need to up their swimming game

আল্লাহ আপনি আমাদের ছেলে মেয়ে কে হেফাজতে রাইকেন,,, আমিন



Same situation god saved same like that for  me ..in pond ...some one came and saved me from deep pond

The music is so annoying.. it’s not a church ceremony!

I cant swim, i might die if this happens to me. Im 30 btw

Luke warm response but it&#39;s good though

But wat the shit the camera  man doing.

sana all naliligtas

I will defenitely jump after i saw that

Ahh damn their smart.Instead of struggling their just float.Now I understand why mom started at floating techniques instead of swimming formation

i only see a cursor swiming and nothing else

precious babies!!! omg , that was so hard to watch , yet so amazing that they knew what to do !!! but why that music EEK.. bless the childrens hearts

️

2人とも泳げなかったって事かな？でも冷静に浮いて救助を待つ事を知っていて良かったし、無事救助されて良かった

Stop arguing on which is smarter, Can we just appreciate the man who tried to save em&#39; even if he couldn&#39;t swim

I have to disagree with the description saying the security not being able to swim, if u cant swim trust me you will not jump in, n i actually think he is so fkin slow tho he saved them

The child in the white would have drowned if someone did not come when they did

Wondering the person filming the video is doing.



Yeah wheres the freakin parents.

Glad he showed us with the mouse cursor where the kid was.

Ya Allah in baccho ki Jaan bacha de



Back float is smart technique i had to try too

Calm in the water works well done kids

Thank goodness there were no Gators in that water.

im adult and i cannot even do that 

О Алла

The camera man with tripod, just watching...

Whoever thought these children to float on their backs saved them with knowledge

Thank god this children are safe 

WTF?!?!?!  Those kids are swimming?

Allahuakbar

And where is they stupid parent who left them alone..??

حتى اطفالهم متعلمين على سباحه منو لاحض شلون حافظو على هدوء لو باقين يرفعون اديهم فوق كان غرقو

هغغلاتاتلبب

Thanks to that stranger

It says struggling, but they just look like they are chilling for two minutes, lol.

Background music: Beethoven symphony No.7 II

the kids was so smart great thinking i was so scared for the both them if they didnt do that they aready be dead&#39;



تبا للذي يصور ولم يحرك ساكنا 

Ой как я переживала за этих детей,что же сними сейчас,живы они остались

1st one was just chilling

؟؟

چه اتفاقی افتاده؟؟؟

idk how to swim but i know how to float my body

13K dislikes, thanks oh dear great people

What a ideia to put music on that kinda videos.

Who is recording?I&#39;m in doubt

But, why not learning swimming? Let&#39;s teach our children how to swim without delay.

I so said 

Что за музыка? Не могу вспомнить , но точно помню , что в каком- то фильме слышал.

ليه يجنزلون مقاطع زي كيذاة

bullshit...fake .. video edited in between ..1. if u r able to float then u must have learned water threading .. if u have learn water threading then u must have learned basicstrokes - breast stroke..2. u fell at the edge ... how did the they end up in the mid of the pond ( stagnate water) not a flowing stream or sea...3. the water isn&#39;t deep enough ( adult was walking in between)4. video shows clearly that the kids knows swimming and they didn&#39;t fell in to the water .. instead having fun.

The security guard is a HERO!

Fuck off cameraman, bastard 

Lũchó ngu

The fact that they know how to float is genius.. I can&#39;t even do it.. Parents pls watch your children

Thanks to the men!!!  But I would rather jump first before remove my attire..  Good job..

And who says angels don’t exist , well done people god bless .

I am not even kidding my dumb ass will probably just drown , the kids are really smart for real

God bless Your Browser

Without knowing to swim, how they were able to float I have been to this situation couple of times in my childhood. I used to get drowned rapidly 

I like how the one kid jumped in to help the othwr

I dnt understand...is it vry imp to do vdo that time...???the camera man..dnt hav that much of humanity to save the child????

Good person



Way to jump and help safe two lives!

Que fait le blanc il l&#39;a sauvé puis il l&#39;a lâche est et parti

Thanks that man  damnit tats scary  poor kids If it&#39;s me  il be drown that day

Salute to the hero who rescued



first to teach our kids ,stay float .remember .

One of God&#39;s angels....truly

Floating on back can work??

Soooooo sharp brain.

All people were doing great on their own parts, which was lucky.

Thank god man .....chinese black white latin dont matter the race...our children do not deserve death they deserve the best in life thwy r our future

How lucky they are there&#39;s no crocodiles, they&#39;ll be easily ripped in pieces if there&#39;s one.

Good thing they know how to float. Even me as an adult i will panic if i witness this alone because i dont know how to swim as well. Good job for the security guard.

Still i don&#39;t how they  float . Thanks god saved



<a href="">1:30</a> так неохотна в воду лезит

God bless u sir

Whose the camera man he can&#39;t save child if something happened to them he or she will be responsible why u all are not noticing that instead of making video camera man should save the child

Is this CCTV footage? or someone who shoot the incident?

اللهم لك الحمد على نجاتهن

Looks staged



The other kid going to save the one who fell in  they were so smart to stay calm and float on their back. Most kids don’t do that.

Why didn’t the person behind the camera go help the kids he just kept filming....?

Боже,я очень надеюсь,что дети выжили!!!

Read the description, thank me later ️

Algún comentario en español en abril de 2021?

China fake news channel.. water was not that deep child can walk

Pauvre enfants, que dieux soit avec eux.

Quá thông minh

И что это было??

️️️️

I would if jumped over the rails for those kids

Some parents need there arses kicked letting youngsters play near a lake without them being there madness

And this is why you don&#39;t leave you kids unsupervised at a pond when they don&#39;t know how to swim

Plot twist : <b>the kids had fun floating in the water and this uncle just ruined it</b>

thank y god

Ya Allah pak rahama show everyone&#39;s right way inshaAllah ameen sumameen from Pakistan

Type of friends you need in Life.

yea for the red shirt to be able to remain so calm so they could float no problem is amazing..very proud

myതന്തേ, തള്ളേ ഇല്ലേ പന്ന

What the cameramen is doing? Recording video ! Shame on you

এর লাগি বাচ্চাকে কাছে রাখা একা কোথা না যায় আর কে বিডিও করছেন হে গিয়া বাঁচাতে পারলা না

Good job 

<b>let me see some cloud</b>

This is how I float thinking what has my life come to. ‍️

ഹോറിബിൾ

No!

The shore was like 5 feet away how stupid are these kids

Everyone saying their smart for knowing how to float is silly. Yes they could float so they lived but a better thing to teach them is not to fall in in the first place! Especially the second child!!!! They should have run for help, not got close enough to also fall.Im a swimming teacher! We teach the kids to get something that floats and throw it to the drowning person and to lie down at the edge to reach into the water and grab the person, so they cannot fall in. The second child clearly had no idea what to do. They are just lucky they stayed calm enough to float and wait for someone else to save them.

Chuttiya Camera man sala

salute this human 

Teach your kids to swim!!

I shed a tear

Better course of action would be running to adult

They were just chilling and swimming



Who leaves children near water?

Trust in god

Idiot a men

Super

Thank u every one

Thank God

Ah so this is why they taught us how to do the “sea star” in swim lessons when I was little

<a href="">

Awesome!

️️️ who saved children is real hero

Sab video laik karane ke liye he

This is really really scary to watch them struggling  in water 

I’m so glad they stayed calm and knew how to float

Well who the heck is videoing this the whole time but not helping???

Esse é um verdadeiro anjo da guarda

Who is taking video,idiot

Me 10 seconds into the video: lemme just skip forward 10 secondsMe: wow she already excepted her death

This is a dangerous thing that would happen so what someone

Заходим хотя бы 1 раз в 3 дня иначе удалю и не потому что я злая, а потому что когда участники редко заходят, то активность альянса NEMESIS SPARTA падает и все мы получаем меньше призов ...

hero

Shukr h Allah ka

Sorru but the watwr is not deep so what do you mean sufferingggg



No excuse to not learn how to swim! Everyone should know how and teach their kids

Question why did he jump in

Who are those 13K people clicking dislike on this video? Do they prefer to see the two children die in water? How is youtube full of horrible people like this?

Love you nice

I have tried to learn how to swim for so many years but not success.  If I happened to be there, I don’t know what to do except yelling for help.

RoyaL. NareshKumar

Thank you god thank you men

can i just say that I watched Bondi Rescue and I swear from the most part of people drowning in australian&#39;s most famous beach are either japanese, chinese or korean people it&#39;s unfortunate

Who was recording ? Why didn&#39;t him or her safe the kids or rush to get help ???

Вот это герой.Господи дай ему всего лучшего.

The kid with the white shirt was trying to help the one with the red shirt but they both failed

Блять видет что тонут надо сразу спасать добояшеры



<a href="">0:27</a> dreaming be like

snif

Tại sao 2pe nổi vậy cả nhà 

teach your children to swim!!!

Tq god smart

Nhinh thang cha nay du du thay ma tuc

Looks like a staged video. Children knew how to float and breath.  Security cameras do not focus on the action they just record.

Who was filming?

Many people cant swim in china  even the plice sad

He’s a hero

The response from the man is very slow!!

Hi

He is a Hero

Почему не прыгнул сразу как увидел?! Побежал в обход, потом ещё штаны снял , время только терял‍️‍️.надеюсь второй ребёнок жив остался...



Itu laki apa bukan lol

Muddai lakh bura chahe to kya hota hai, wahi hota hai jo manjure khuda hota he

Oh God

public stunt fake video

Even that guy who help the kid not good at swimming,but he decide to jump in,he was “i must reach this kid no matter what”.

Nadie cuidaba a esas criaturas ...

Thank God you little girl through how to float

งง  อธิบายน่อย

omg



Humanity

I don’t know swimming but I know how to flout. This video taught me I can still my life in water.. but what if no one comes to rescue me!! :/

Wow, that girl was really struggling! She was really fighting, he got there just in time!

<a href="">0:30</a> secs is a long time to think.If u should get in and or not, to save those kids

what did the person who was filming do?

Holy crap

Those kids are great actors

Astahfirillah

Thank goodness that guy was there god sent him. 

Lol I&#39;m 14 and all I know is that I&#39;d jump in that water the second I saw them even the cost of my phone would be gone for them kid&#39;s

This is a terrible video

el que a yudo los niños primero lo maldeci&#39; .porque estaba tan fresco semejante vuelta que se dio y se quito algunas prendas de verdad que me dio coraje yo me ubiera tirado desde arriba con todo puesto almenos los ayudo y no paso a mayores pero baya que me despere mucho

Main v dubane se bachaya gaya hu yar very good yaro I love you ️ so much save life Jai Mahakaal Jai sree Ram  bhai log

The kid in white shirt is brave he didn&#39;t let the other one alone, he try to save him when he couldn&#39;t he kept following him.

OMG

What were two boys unable to swim doing playing by the water unsupervised??  Although the little boy in white was sure brave (not smart but brave) trying to save his friend!

They are smart

What music?

Allah razl olsun

The worst thing is someone panicking in water ... it makes it very difficult to save that person as many times they panic and start to hold and push the saver into drowning... it has happened . You can’t blame the person who’s panicking but it is important not to panic.



Ye jo b vedio bna raha tha agar ye vedio stop karke pehle jaan bcha leta to iska kya jata



Kg hiểu tiếng anh, tôi chỉ thấy mấy người lớn khá ngu, nếu ngộp nước thì chết nhanh lắm cứu kiểu gì non nớt

Fake

WTF IS THAT PERSON DOING JUST STANDING THERE LOOKING



Oh my God

es un Héroe Sin Capa 

Thank you father  ap on time angel 

It&#39;s fake video

Where the hell are the parents..... hope they got arrested. Something ever happened to all my babys I&#39;d commit suicide

Where in the hell were the parents? 2 mins! Seriously?! I think CPS is in order .

BRAVO

Ahhhhhhhhh

Why

O no I&#39;m scared

Where are the parents?

hoooo por dios como ay su cosas q pasan

It&#39;s interesting, cuz I thought the kids would just floating and kind of relaxing in the water. I didn&#39;t realize they were in distress.

لاحولة ولاقوة إلا بالله

Jai shree ram

At gateway park in Penn Valley, Ca I saw 3 drowning kids and one brother trying to help, thank God I was able to get 3 to shore and a man jumped in and got the other one, it was scary but nobody drowned



The Classical Music makes the Video feels Different

Let me get my swim trunks. Hold on!



Violations of Sworn Oaths to the Constitution alone should be grounds for expulsion from the US Government (all levels). The way it is now, any covert Traitor or Spy can gain Public Office and Wreck this Country. This should now a National Security Issue..

very smart kids floating on their back.

Omg so glad they are ok . Bless their heart

Tu vedio bnane me jitna time lgaya utna me bca skta tha

Shin! Stop thrashing and just do what I am doing! See? I&#39;m floating Shin!

Where is the struggle, they are so calm

救人一命,功德無量.

They are playing to float ?

️️️

Allah Amin

️

Молодцы

No

Abe lowde swimming janta he to ghum ke Ane ki kya jarurat thi sidha pani me kud nahi sakta thaa

Did u all notice one thing.... The man was so stupid idiot and inhumane who was busy in making vdo of this incident instead of taking any action to save the children...... Very bad and shameful

What

She will remember her friend always and no hesitation put all her money even her life in her trust. But who know, she is the one who stab her back in real life  in chinese soap opera in gangster movie.

what&#39;s with the music?

Amen

Accept they know how to swim on there back better than me

There is no God but Allah Muhammad, the messenger of God.

A good man

Молодец, мужик! Спас детей.А взрослым нужно быть по внимательнее, смотреть за маленькими.( Если они были не сами).

Batti baji video he

Thank god and god bless dt person who saved them

тормоза тупые

I thought he was going to jump

Where were the parents or the guardians

The guard doesn&#39;t know how to hold someone and swim. 

They are lucky couse no crodcodile

Omg where are the parents?? Negligent parents 

Kiddos..... don&#39;t play by the water without an adult and especially if you don&#39;t know how to swim!

️️️

omg

I thought those were plastic dolls on water based on the thumbnail.

Ini yg kejadian yg di Menggala/Lampung itu ya yg pertama adik nya tercebur kedalam kali terus kakak nya mau nolongin adek nya terus ada ibu nya juga terus ada nenek nya juga lalu jadi viral itu bukan ya

Tô com coração quase pra parar pensei que eles tinham se afogado graças a Deus  QUE AJUDARAM

от таких спасателей тоже нужно спасать

sorry to say this,what I noticed was, how the girl was still floating even though they had been drowning for quite some time.maybe this vedio is just done to teach the audience this vedio .because very rarely the victim does not sink to the bottom of the water

<a href="">

Oh my god super helping

You cant yell because you can suck in water and stop floating. Its so cool that people were watching over and smart to see how they could help. Lakes are the worst especially if you have no training etc. If you get tired its better to float.



They are hella smart , like doing this when u r drawning is hard

The camera man just watching Wtf

Why is the camera man videoing?!

Wtf arw then parents

Bukannya d gendong d angkat malah di ambangin gt haduhh

Thanks god...

OMG....I thought the kid in red t-shirt was dead.

There is no way they could of survived RIP to both

I hate masses of water!!!!!!!! It&#39;s not for human comfortability or entertainment period!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HUMANS should be no where near it!!!!

Nossa vê de tirar a cabeça da criança da água não. Meu deus que agonia

True Hero in every sense of the word!!!





I don&#39;t  want to see things that happen long time ago l like to see things that happen 2020 2021.



But were they to late or?

Eles se afogaram?

Es muy lento dió esa vuelta por ke no se tiró por en cima

Some adults wouldn&#39;t survive this..why? cause they are easy to panic these kids are lucky and they used their brains,memory and mature thinkingbut ofc most adults would too

Oh my God

Hold up where was the parents or guardians?



И что это было?

Nao entendi nada nos comentarios. Mas nao tem ninguem morrendo afogado ai... que nao sabe nadar, afunda de imediato... so volta a tona uns tredias depois... e quado rompe o basso e infla o corpo...

Good  ..god tanks

Parents? Where are the parents?

Who was watching them? OMG

Thank God someone taught them how to get on their backs and float.

Дети легли на спину, молодцы. Видимо их родители научили этому. Я научил своих дететей ложится на спину в таких ситуациях. Жизнь - непредсказуемая штука.

Video kon bana rha ?wo uloo tah jo dono ko nhi bacaya



두목숨을 살린  아저씨 감사해요

God bless you Thank q my JESUS

Hero

who video taped this the whole time they was drowning??

I almost drown in my bath tub. I can&#39;t swim...

Very idiot

Thanks God they were no crocs in water

The one in red just lay on their back like nothing happen. I thought was a dead body lmao. The one in white struggling to stay afloat. Might want to lay on your back with little to no motion. Your body will naturally float if you do not move.

kudos to the kids for not panicking.  i wonder if they&#39;re kids of one of the faculties there, if so i can see why they&#39;re smart to figure out how not to drown.

And where are the parents , number one life skill to all  parents , teach your kids to swim !‍️



Preciso fazer um cursinho de inglês urgente

Statt zu filmen sollte diese fiese Person lieber Hilfe rufen

️

I do not understand, it is like they were all caught in quicksand.... sorry but I did not understand

Am sooo terrified watching this

omg

Ебливая постанова. Препиздки плавают на спине и все

HEROES DOESNT ALWAYS WEAR A CAPE IN REAL. GOD BLESS THESE MAN.

Зачем я это смотрел, блин???

Stupid parents

E os idiotas dos pais, estavam aonde?

What a guy the now swimmer security guard is

I just saw how that white one went to save the red one but end up getting into pond itself

چقدر غم انگیز. مادر بچه ها کجاست ؟

The kid in the red 



Parabéns  a este senhor que salvou vidas

А чо с рекой?Или она чем-то покрылась?

Aw poor babies...the way the other went to save her friend. Just so innocent.

the brave girl in white went to save the other girl

Oh God 

Essas pestes sao teimosos, aposto que não  ouviram  os pais.

God bless those guys lord Jesus Christ.

They didn&#39;t look to me that they were struggling. The one that was first in was just floating on their back. They were not in trouble. I have done that myself when I was young.

This just brakes my heart thanks the heavens for the guy

Эти дети, мягко говоря, очень странные. Из дурки, что ли?

ضربوا ليندا ضربوا نبيلا ضربوا نجاة ضربوا فارس ضربوا إبراهيم ضربوا ڨسم ضربوا خليد ضربوا إسلام ضربوا كوثر ضربوا فطيمة ضربوا نصيرة ضربوا أسامة ضربوا قادة ضربوا كروم ضربوا رهم ضربوا يسين ضربوا صوهيب ضربوا هيب ضربوا أمين ضربوا سمر ضربوا أي ضربوا فيصل ضربوا علي ضربوا وليد ضربوا لمخطار ضربوا مليكة ضربوا خديجة ضربوا لويز ضربوا كريمة ضربوا سفيان ضربوا حفيظة ضربوا ميمون ضربوا فتيحة ضربوا عصام ضربوا أيمن ضربوا ميسة ضربوا حنان ضربوا ريتاج ضربوا عائشة ضربوا حياة ضربوا مونة ضربوا شريفة ضربوا رضوان ضربوا علاء ضربوا سماعيل ضربوا خالد ضربوا كريم ضربوا صفاء ضربوا عليلوا ضربوا حماني ضربوا جمال ضربوا حمدان ضربوا لعربي ضربوا جلول ضربوا هدى ضربوا حكيم ضربوا شيخ ضربوا حورية ضربوا شكيب ضربوا حكيمة ضربوا شهيناز ضربوا حفص ضربوا فهد ضربوا يوسرا ضربوا يونس ضربوا طاهر ضربوا عبدالقادر ضربوا نوردين ضربوا حوسين      ضربوا توفيق ضربوا مصطفى ضربوا فؤاد ضربوا حسيب ضربوا قسم ضربوا أنور ضربوا قدور ضربوا مروان ضربوا نديا ضربوا رمي ضربوا أيوب ضربوا حفتر ضربوا أدم ضربوا حواء ضربوا لميا ضربوا نريمان ضربوا موسى ضربوا عيسى ضربوا حداد ضربوا مريم ضربوا زوهير ضربوا ندير ضربوا مندي ضربوا رغد ضربوا حريري ضربوا رشيد ضربوا لميلود ضربوا رزيقة ضربوا حليمة ضربوا عادل ضربوا حليموا ضربوا سوعاد ضربوا دوي ضربوا زهي ضربوا بوزيد ضربوا حمود ضربوا دحمان ضربوا محمد ضربوا ناصر ضربوا بيلال ضربوا هرون ضربوا حتيف ضربوا هيشام ضربوا حيان ضربوا أنس ضربوا جمع ضربوا رعد ضربوا صديق ضربوا نوال ضربوا معمر ضربوا رابحة ضربوا لمحي ضربوا يمين ضربوا فريد ضربوا زيان ضربوا دليلة ضربوا شهين ضربوا طيب ضربوا جيهان ضربوا لطيف ضربوا جومان ضربوا هجيرة ضربوا جويد ضربوا نسيم ضربوا برزوڨ ضربوا جواد ضربوا حوسام ضربوا سندس ضربوا مهدي ضربوا رند ضربوا سليم ضربوا مسعود ضربوا موعاد ضربوا شمسو ضربوا زوهرا ضربوا كمال ضربوا مراد ضربوا أمينة ضربوا عامر ضربوا شيهاب ضربوا زوبير ضربوا زوبيد ضربوا إكرام ضربوا إسحاق ضربوا وهيب ضربوا حبيب ضربوا حبيبة ضربوا جينان ضربوا طوس ضربوا بخت ضربوا فطن ضربوا مبارك ضربوا صلاح دين ضربوا جوهر ضربوا فردوس ضربوا حنين ضربوا بسام ضربوا زدام ضربوا نرجس ضربوا إيمان ضربوا راميز ضربوا نعيمة ضربوا زينب ضربوا حتيم ضربوا كظم ضربوا عماد ضربوا فضيلة ضربوا كلثومة ضربوا نيزار ضربوا حمزة  ضربوا رقية ضربوا سومية ضربوا أحلام ضربوا خيرة ضربوا وهيبة ضربوا حزيم ضربوا زهم ضربوا لحاج ضربوا صورية ضربوا زوليخة ضربوا أمال ضربوا زكريا ضربوا عبد رحمن ضربوا رأية ضربوا نفيسة ضربوا عقيلة ضربوا عتيق ضربوا مهند ضربوا وسيلة ضربوا مروة ضربوا شادي ضربوا سارة ضربوا منال ضربوا فوزية ضربوا إسمهان ضربوا فايزة ضربوا فاروق ضربوا جوهر ضربوا رأفت ضربوا مفيد ضربوا تسنيم ضربوا ليلى ضربوا قويدر ضربوا إنجي ضربوا مرام ضربوا لبن ضربوا إلهام ضربوا بدرا ضربوا شريف دين ضربوا بشرى ضربوا سيهام ضربوا ملاك ضربوا وفاء ضربوا سلوى ضربوا صبرينة ضربوا ياسمين ضربوا ناديه ضربوا شعبان ضربوا طارق ضربوا شهرزاد ضربوا سليمان ضربوا شيماء ضربوا هنادي ضربوا هويدا ضربوا سعيد ضربوا هناء ضربوا تامر ضربوا زهرة ضربوا نجمة ضربوا حلا ضربوا سحر ضربوا شهاب ضربوا خلف له ضربوا قصي ضربوا رزان ضربوا رشا ضربوا سناء ضربوا بثينة ضربوا أحمد ضربوا ريمة ضربوا زكية ضربوا مهجة ضربوا صفوان ضربوا نديم ضربوا دنيا ضربوا فادي ضربوا فواز ضربوا منير ضربوا مازن ضربوا إخلاص ضربوا سوسن ضربوا ميا ضربوا كنزة ضربوا نرمين ضربوا سعد ضربوا رضا ضربوا همسة ضربوا هود ضربوا أميرة ضربوا سوكين ضربوا إسراء ضربوا لالا ضربوا هندي ضربوا رؤوف ضربوا رنيم ضربوا سوها ضربوا سناء ضربوا سوهيلة ضربوا رضى ضربوا لهواري ضربوا زهوم ضربوا وداع ضربوا هيفاء ضربوا رجاء ضربوا عبد لمؤمن ضربوا شروق ضربوا شقيف ضربوا عبد كريم ضربوا يسمين ضربوا إسراء ضربو نور لهدى ضربوا عبد لمنعم ضربوا لحسن ضربوا خولة ضربوا إشراق ضربوا وئام ضربوا حسون ضربوا عبد الله ضربوا بدر دين ضربوا عزيز ضربو سعدية ضربو زكرية ضربوا وردة ضربوا فؤاد ضربوا رغد ضربوا  جينان ضربوا هنادي ضربوا منال ضربوا صارة ضربوا نور ضربوا بخت ضربوا أسماء ضربوا سامية ضربوا رفيق ضربوا وفاء ضربوا شهرة ضربوا فادي ضربوا رقية ضربوا جيهاد ضربوا دعاء ضربوا غيلاس ضربوا رند ضربوا بشرى ضربوا عدنانفارس ناك ليندا إبراهيم ناك نبيلا ڨسم ناك نجاة إسلام ناك خليد أسامة ناك كوثر قادة ناك فطيمة كروم ناك نصير يسين ناك رهم صوهيب ناك هيب أمين ناك سمر فيصل ناك أي علي ناك مليكة وليد ناك خديجة لمخطار ناك لويز سفيان ناك كريمة ميمون ناك حفيظة عصام ناك فتيحة أيمن ناك ميسة رضوان ناك حنان علاء ناك ريتاج سماعيل ناك عائشة خالد ناك حياة كريم ناك مونة عليلوا ناك شريفة حماني ناك صفاء جمال ناك هدى حمدان ناك حورية لعربي ناك حكيمة جلول ناك شهيناز حكيم ناك حفص شيخ ناك يوسرا شكيب ناك حسيبة فهد ناك حواء يونس ناك نديا طاهر ناك نريمان عبد القادر ناك مريم نوردين ناك رغد حوسين ناك حليمة توفيق ناك رزيقة مصطفى ناك سوعاد فؤاد ناك دوي قسم ناك زهي أنور ناك جمع قدور ناك نوال مروان ناك ربحة رمي ناك يمينة أيوب ناك دليل أدم ناك جيهان حفتر ناك لطيف موسى ناك جومان عيسى ناك هجيرة حداد ناك جويد زوهير ناك سندس ندير ناك رند مندي ناك زوهرا رشيد ناك أمينة حريري ناك زوبيد لميلود ناك إكرام عادل ناك وهيب حليموا ناك حبيبة بوزيد ناك جينان حمود ناك طوس دحمان ناك بخت محمد ناك فطن ناصر ناك مبارك بيلال ناك جوهر هرون ناك فردوس حتيف ناك حنين هشام ناك نرجس حيان ناك إيمان أنس ناك نعيمة رعد ناك زينب صديق ناك فضيلة معمر ناك كلثومة لمحي ناك رقية فريد ناك سومية زيان ناك أحلام شهين ناك خيرة طيب ناك وهيبة نسيم ناك زهم برزوڨ ناك صورية جواد ناك زوليخة حوسام ناك أمال

At least kids knew how to float.

حجهيحتبتلتنك كزبكجبملحولحفتحبن٩٩زبنيبطمؤنرمتحرتؤكؤناؤنؤاهباحاب٠ثه٢٠ه٩٢٩٩٩٩نتحبابح

نرهزيوحترت

نازللاتتبزلزاة

can someone explain the camera man

THEY BOTH CAN SWIM, PERFECT CAMERA ANGLE, ITS ALL BULLSHIT CHINESE VID!

Ujas

To be honest. Those kids must have also be trained. They did VERY well, especially the one in red by staying calm and staying a float. Because my ass arms and legs would have been flying and I would have drowned.

This is why I&#39;m taking swim lessons. Not for my own sake,but just in case someone else needs my help.

Oooo uf follow me <a href="">#mirzafaishonlehenga</a>



There is clearly someone filming this

Simple fact roll over on your back and float everyone that can swim knows it.

🇵🇰

All this while my heart was breaking....



Unnam security guard for US president 2024

Дай Бог ему здоровья и его детям!

What The Heck I Would Have Dived In From That Balcony Thing  Not  Just Looked At Them

Am so glad they know how to float on their back



Red shirt:  &quot;It&#39;ll be fun he said&quot;

Red shirt :D     210 IQ

Q.

Where the fuck are their parents though? Honestly.

This made me cry

Abe Yede... Tu Uper se Shooting karr raha hai.. Tu khud jaake , madat nahi karr sakta tha kyaa...

الف نعله عله هل برود العدكم ولك انقذها من اول لحضه ضال بس يباوع بيهم

May Allah help us

Gaaaaa :v

.vcxs

Ok, ok they are safe .... However the one in the red jumped in I would have wore his tail out.... Horse play no adult supervision... Parents???...  Accidentally fell in my ASS!!!

We should all teach our kids to flout

Fucking man

I think its fucking dash both are know swimming... they are acting like smart.. by practically human fell into the water they drowned... but they smartly swimming what fuck human have a knowledge

Bambini stupidi

The kid are very smart I&#39;m proud of them

Video kon gadda bana raha hai

Thanks hero

How did that man manage to swim. I can imagine him trying to copy the movements he sees other people do when swimming but still... sheer willpower and adrenaline!

WHO CANT PEOPLE SEE THE GIRL

security guard also didn’t know how to swim, which made his decision to jump into the water even more heroic.

That&#39;s why it&#39;s best to know how to float first

best thing to do is dont panic ..relax and turn on your back and lay stilll u will float til sumone comes saves you.......dont panic.....

wats

Poor babies oh my god I have kids this is scary to watch poor poor beautiful babies xxxx

Их спасли кто знает

so sad, the parents should be put into jail

Wie lang wollte er eigentlich noch zuschauen bevor er mal auf die Idee gekommen ist das man da vielleicht mal retten könnte ? Was ist nur aus den Menschen geworden. Da graust es einen richtig.

Ngayon kulang napatunayan na napakaraming bobo sa ibang bansa umikot pa para iligtas Ang dalawang Bata Kung tumalon Sana siya ede mas madali tsaka Yung bahay niyo bakit pinalagyan niyo ng tubig 

What is the camera man doing without asking for help....

oia esse youtube man, recomendando isso

Like feel just for you hero thanks

Não entendi, eles estão se afogando ou brincando??

con nhà giàu ngu bỏ mẹ

Poor babies! Thank God they are fighters

Очень страшно...

Guuaaa los niños no miden el peligro solo juega y jurgan cuidado papas solo un segundo y se trassforma en una terible trajedia

If the security guard didn&#39;t know how to swim, how was he swimming!?

bien por el guardia que aun sin saber nadar se medio al agua pero deberían contratar o capacitar con natación a quienes trabajan en zonas de lagos , piscinas o similares

Quick question... Where are these babies parents!!!

They survived thank Goodness , that piece of Music is Fantastic, one of my favourites.

Thanks and God bless you



True hero!!

Glad they all are OK. I think everyone needs to learn how to swim &amp; drive also

Where are the &quot; so called PARENTS  &quot;.....Dumb asses

Идиотс

Bginilah tiada yang lihat yang budak bermain kat sungai.. Harap selamat

I wonder if this was in China?

When I was 10 years this happened to me then I did what that girl did just floating until my dad notice that and swam to save me. I was so scared and believe it&#39;s my last day in my life hhhhhh now I&#39;m 29 years. Alhamdulillah.

Mẹ cứu ng sắp chết đuối còn ở đó cởi đồ

How they are floating in water

God saved them believe me

جزاك الله خيرا

And where the fuck was their parents?!?!? They should be charged!

YA ALLAH

Omg horrifying.

Where the parents? Leave two kid’s alone, in a lake like this is irresponsible, fortunately by grace of god everything gone fine.

I went to the pool by then drown because I was wearing my swimming suit on

No gator arround ?

Where the hell were their idiot parents??

And the public learning lesson is..thank you Chinese government

The parents are stupid they can’t even keep an i on him

撮影してる人意味わからね警察に通報しなさいよ



And where are the useless parents, kids and water don,t always go together

Nakita na nalunod nung nag video Hindi pa tinulungan

smart kid there in the red. funny that humans drown when the human body literally floats, and why do humans need to be taught how to swim when every other animal does it naturally.

Hy vọng 2 cháu kg bị sao.

11k dislikes, ARE U HEARTLESS?

This gaurd risked his life to save others. God bless this guy, true hereo.

Useless  guard

なんで、こんな事に。

Always best to just float and don’t exhaust yourself

i couldnt have asked for a better soundtrack while i die drowning

My goodness,if I can swim I don&#39;t get not even close to waters.what da heck were they doing there?? Thank God this quy saw them and help them out.

Really hats of to that guy you are the super man sir you don’t swimming but you save it’s really not simple you are the real hero 

මිහිපිට දෙවියෝ..

Tf were they just trying to swim or .I&#39;m confused

漂浮這一招叫做&quot;死囡仔躺&quot;，小時候夏日裡常在每年會有婦女投埤自盡的虎頭埤玩水，年紀這麼小就會這招，太厲害了。

Eu daria uma surra muito grande nesses muleques !!! Ate eles desaiarem.

Omg 

Nam mô a Di Đà Phật.Thật kì lạ sao lại như vậy.

Сердце чуть не разорвалось

Hates of u bro god bless u

<a href="">#except_</a> God&#39;s_ messenger <a href="">#except_</a> God&#39;s_ messenger <a href="">#except_</a> God&#39;s_ messenger <a href="">#except_</a> God&#39;s_ messenger

Awesome ending! Thank you security guard! Well done!The very first thing any parent can do is to teach their child how to float on their backs and -in still water they can get back to the side by barely moving their hands. When in doubt... throw things into the water that might float...So many things do these days.

Why are there 11K thumbs down?? 

<a href=""> اشترك...

those kid position is ancetral survival instinct  the babies can do it since their birth...

La niña de rojo sumente:Meago lamuertaLa de blanco : nadar



fucking dumbass. If you can&#39;t swim don&#39;t go in

انا 🇮🇶

Come on it&#39;s taking him on her so long to save him

الحمد لله علي سلامه الأطفال 

Still dumb for getting in the water

is there a reason why every single video I see on YouTube about some child getting into a horrible situation because nobody is watching them happens to be in China.....

what next they are safe

भजन संहिता 91:12&quot;वे तुझको हाथों हाथ उठा लगे,ऐसा न हो कि तेरो पाँवों में पत्थर से ठेस लगे&quot;)(ईसाले सलाम कीखिदमत करो तो बही आप को बहर निकालेंगे, इंसान पर भरोसा नहीं करना धोखा दिया करते हैं यीशु प्रभु के नाम से प्रार्थना करते रहो,बही बचायेगा,क्योंकि कयामत आने बाली है। आमीन(प्रार्थना के लिए हमरा  9948336695।ढूबती हुइ नाब को पार लगाने बाला साहब मालिक यीशु मसीह, ईसाले सलाम ही है उससे प्रार्थना करें ।जरुर बचायेगा। आमीन

###<a href="">#Fake</a> vedio,i know both r swimmers becoz they flood on water. When u falldown in water,u definitely go deep in the water becoz of pulling  force of gravitation.What they did was:Firstly they swimming to servive then Secondly floods their selves in the pond. This vedio is edited too.

my God

The kid in the white is very brave

Sharthopor || স্বার্থপর || Life Changing Motivational Video in Bangla<a href="">

Nice video

Good job...God bless u MAN

الحمد لِلَّه.

Where is their parents. Idiot family .

From India: Thank you A Lot for saving the Two Thank you ....

I just can&#39;t understand one thing how can the kids parents b so careless..

to save a man from drowning ,We should always       carry sth,if available ,to reach out for  him to grab  in order to protect ourselvs.

el q estaba grabando q coño estaba haciendo es imposible q la humanidad sea tan perversaen ves de comer ranra caca tenia q tirarce alludar Eran niños por dios

It&#39;s so funny

Чувак красавчик! Но спасал их неправильно, нас ещё в школе учили на ОБЖ, что утопающего надо за волосы тащить!

Ничего не понял....но очень интересно

My thousand slap to idiotic parents....

The one in the white shirt is a <b>real one</b> apparently not a good swimmer but wasted no time going in to try and help the one in the red shirt!!!

I woulda jumped in the water as soon as I seen it I wouldn&#39;t have ran around

Díos te pone en el lugar exacto a la hora justa

struggling??

Ужас

 молодец! Я переживал

개념없는 부모들아  ㅅㅂ  물가에 있늘애들 안보이냐??병신같은것들이  애들신경을  안쓰네 에효



Trời đất
