I love wired earbuds, I never have to worry about losing one if one earbud falls out, and it takes like 3 sec to switch between devices. I hate wireless earbuds since it takes longer for me to connect and disconnect them and they rarely fit well in my ears, also they can lag. In essence, I absolutely detest what Apple has done.

came from would beats by dre pay 20k for us to say that they are great

Srsly I thought you were carrying a bunch of pebbles LOL! 😅

Sony ;i have headphone jack😅😅

Even dollar tree makes a pair of wireless headphones

Son loves them

this was actually such a weird erawhy did everyone think any wireless ear buds were copying airpods? like apple didnt own the vague market of wireless earbuds

Say what you wantApple absolutely, single handedly accelerated the wireless audio trend by a decade at leastAnd it’s just SO much better and due to it, became the norm rather quicklyThat’s their play alwaysThey will do it again with the eSIM iPhonesAnd again once they remove all the portsYou just gotta hand it to them, they <b>make</b> evolution happen when they want

Apple sets a trend, everyone critices it and then adopts the trend..eg tws earphones, Notch, charger, packaging style etc

Let&#39;s be real, if you need to have this explained to you in a video, you might be learning disabled.

I am kinda scared when Apple drops out the charging portI don&#39;t think wireless charging is convenient

Money! That&#39;s the answer.

The best apple ads 👌

Apple copied Always on display Super steadyPortrait video Telephoto lenseI don&#39;t think the word copy should be use in IT

Even Louis Vuitton made “Air Pods“

For perspective: AirPods making 8 Billion means if everyone on earth pitched in a dollar, there would still be 700 Million dollars left

I got AirPods for 8 bucks 💀💀
Just buy  a sennheiser hd 600 and listen music at home with full audio fidelity.

Apple didn&#39;t invent wireless earbud form factor. Onkyo did in 2015. They just consumerised it first. I know this is not claimed in this video but the direction of the story implies it came Apple.

They made 8 billion just from taking away a port

If you’re watching the video with AirPods👇

I have the 4a 5g and the headphone jack is essential for gaming imo. The Bluetooth lag makes it impossible to play call of duty or other quick games...

Soundpeats is aslo a great earbuds company, like really good. 💯

But I’m still don’t using Air pods😅

Intro song?
1 year later and NOBODY wants to discuss the lack of gravity at <a href="">4:08</a>?

can someone explain why people like this thing? they are too small! easy to lose! it can get stuck anywhere, why do people buy this? honest question

apple is the smartest business out there tbh

I use Sudio earbuds and I’ve been enjoying use them.

I’m watching this with my pros lol

Rog phones still holding up the headphone jack Chad ASUS🗿

Lol my Apple Watch never falls off my wrist 😉

Can you make a video of the samsung s23 ultra?

Everyone is copying them because apple is best

Android is awfull

i hate another brands only apple i like i like sony only for gaming consoles

million or billion

This is what’s going to happen with the dynamic island on the iPhone 14

2 years later S21 and S22 no headphone jack OR micro SD card slot🤣🤣🤣😐😑🤐
You know there’s hella AirPods when I went to school and copped 4 of em in a week

im watching this video in 40 dollar home depot earbuds pro (i dont think they sell them anymore

Samsung introduced buds way before apple with gearicon x and still provided headphone jack and only removed them after 5 yrs . That&#39;s the sensible way of doing something

hello i need perfect airpods pro fakes: very good sound, very good anc, very good quality... please reply to my comment if you know some!

Me watching this video with a clone airpods. 🤤

I Freakin hate Wireless stuff generally 🤷‍♂️

someone gimme a flagship phone with a headphone jack ... hate wireless headphones !!!

Just watched this in 2022..Now even ALDI are selling copies.

You forgot about the samsung beans

Dude chill

It’s for the<b>M O N E Y</b>

The ones that are not clones are actually better then AirPods and the battery is better

There&#39;s pros and cons to it.Wired ones gets damaged easily and stops functioning in one of the earphone.

fuck just relized my ones are called TWS-1107 but they are something like streetz

Apple be the Company to remove battery from their phones and sell you power banks as a solution

Watching this video with my Xiaomi 11 Lite with no earphone jack. Ha ha.

One day we all might become cordless.

Yeah.. Solving a problem that you created 30 minutes ago is a good money maker.

Pros are,180 at target
Nobody at Apple understands courage as a concept, their presentations reek of American marketing bullshit.

I will never steal your footage, but I DO intend to steal your red/black color scheme.

I now must charge my ear buds. Along side my Phone. Cords just work, they are cheap and so no buds for me.

do airpods work with samsung?

I feel that a lot of brands just now have decided jut to copy apple because when apple decided to remove the charging port, all the other companies started to do the same and now the AirPods. I&#39;m not saying that <b>all companies</b> copy apple but a lot of them do

I would just like to see more companies using the same form factor as Apple earbuds. I have tried the standard style of &quot;in&quot; ear vs whatever the Apple style is and the standard ones just keep falling out no matter how small the rubber things are. Apple style stay in my ear unless given a solid tug, basic head movement wiggles standard ones out. I just want earbuds that stay in my ear but allow pause/play and volume control on my android phone. I grew to love those controls when I had an iPhone but when I moved to Android I had to give it up!

The world will be covered with platic waste since airpods has a 2 years of lifetime.

First of all how fooled iSheeps are laughing at other companies who followed Apple is funny. This is the reason one should not be so loyal or become addicted to any company products. Apple milking iSheep with such henious business tactics which are not smart as the guy told. Here there is nothing smart, Apple knows that iSheep never leave it. So much so confidence on iSheep that it took that brave step and sold notched iPhones for four years and featureless phones for many years.When I moved to Canada simply I too became an iSheep and bought iPhones, Apple Watch and Airpods. Never used Airpods like how people stuck them in their ears like a new grown organ. It still lying in my drawer. I always preferred wired earphones with 3.5 mm jacks both for iPhones used and my current Note 9. I easily moved out of Apple products that so called ecosystem and bought a refurbished Note 9 and I am quite happy with it even it&#39;s a four year old phone. Never I felt I have missed something except camera quality for which I ordered S22 Ultra. Again not going to be a Samsung sheep and I will easyly move to iPhone in future if I want. So, when people are like me companies Iike Apple can&#39;t play with their consumers. Just don&#39;t get addict.Companies like Samsung and Google has really no reason to follow Apple and they can easily keep head phone jack in their phones. It&#39;s a shame the CEOs of their companies following Apple and fueling Apple sales and makng iSheep proud.

Apple makes average products, but they are steering the entire tech industry. I myself don&#39;t like Apple products, but I&#39;d be a fool if I didn&#39;t acknowledge they know what they&#39;re doing.

still remember where people mocks airpod where it first came but look how every company now release their own &quot;airpods&quot; lol

Bruv this like saying every company copied apple by making smartphones

I just got AirPods Pro yesterday. They are amazing

Can you Look in to the Adidas ear pods

<a href="">4:18</a> haha

<a href="">3:42</a> bruh wtf is that shit

When will we get bigger ipads

Me who uses headsets🎧

Now I understand how every tiktoker has airpods

Not gonna lie I use AirPods(1st Gen and Pro), I would love to try out other wireless headphones but they…even though are expensive, they look cheap to me. Samsung, Nord, and who ever else sells these things. I have multiple pairs of headsets and nothing in my collection comes close to AirPods Pro. And I used to wear wired headphones all the time and not much impresses me nowadays. Great video, great explanation of the timeline.

Yo i was at the park and i found AirPod 2 in a case completely charged for free!!

Apple in 2025: So we removed the screen Apple in 2026:Buy our screen pods to recreate the visual experience of using an i phone

competition bringings inovation

Facts

Short answer The AirPods are good

I just love how he forgot the background music :)

Soundcore is good

Earbuds aren&#39;t the best option in audio quality, BUUUT for casual listeners like me, good tws earbuds are really impresive

Me watching this video on a cheap knock of airpods pro.

tldr; money

My Samsung has an headphone jack but even if i never use that port because i have galaxy buds, i like to have it because others don&#39;t😂.

Apple do be having the last laugh even with the “no charger in the box” 💀

So I&#39;ve only recently started using this type of earbuds... and I just HATE. THEM. SO. MUCH. Especially since they fell into my cauldron while I was cooking.

I lost my AirPods got the beats pods and lost the left piece they’re so easy to lose

Spoiler alert &quot;they sell&quot;

I prefer to have the jack AND wireless option, lossing it is just pointless.

$30CAD JLab GO Air POP... I bought a red and a black pair.

Thanks Apple!

Wait a minute.......you&#39;re saying AirPods are more successful than the iPad?

Love how everyone criticized the removal of the headphone jack, and then all other brands started copying apple

(Ryder)
$29 for something that fits vs $250 for something that falls off in the toilet.

Watching this video with a copy airdpods pro:)

that intro tho!!

I just hate the noise cancelling mushroom things on all in ear buds, best way to find ones without them is look for air pod clones.

FUCK EAR BUD AIRPODS!! HEADPHONES ALL THE WAY

I cant belive someone would buy airpods for 300$ while they can buy better ones for 50$

i would get airpods but i wanna keep my kidney

Didn’t the old iPhones also come with the headset ?! Not sure….

Why has the mobile phone changed since the iPhone came out ?

I think part of why the AirPods &quot;concept&quot; is copied so much is because it solved so many issues with the wireless earbud solutions from before.Instead of connecting them with a wire, they&#39;re totally wireless in a case. They have their own battery, and the case does too, which helps keep them charged without fitting all that battery inside them. Also, the existence of the case makes it much harder to lose the buds, either among the things in your pocket, or by them falling out of it. The buds automatically turn on when the case is opened, and off when it&#39;s shut. Probably a few other really nice conveniences I&#39;m missing.All the little niggles that people had towards bluetooth earbuds were solved with very simple solutions. And because these solutions were relatively simple, off-brands could adopt them and make cheap knock-offs, so even if you didn&#39;t want to shell big money for Apple, Google, Samsung, Sony, etc&#39;s wireless buds, you could still enjoy earbuds on your headphone jack-less phone.I think it was this perfect storm, of wireless earbuds getting a lot better so more people adopted them, which allowed companies to feel more comfortable removing the headphone jack, which pushed more adoption, that caused this surge in wireless earbuds aping Apple.

No really I thought 2 per ear!

The headphone jack is like a manual transmission, whereas the adapter jack version is like a DCT.

I typed this up after Jidion mentioned it but i still love the content dude

Ports Eew

Im now suprised my new 1+ actually has a headphone jack now

Uh, because they all copy Apple ALL THE TIME.  What else has even happened in tech?  Microsoft was the original champion copier, then Google and the lame Android copiers.  Companies like SameSong weren’t even capable of copying the software, so Google did it for them.  Dell’s marketing was re-warmed Apple marketing.

i would be fine with no headphone jack is they just included wireless earbuds with the phones even really cheap ones i would be fine with because its nice and enables people to listen to stuff without annoying other people but companies gotta greed

Airpods are the solution to wires which get tangled up. Not to missing 3.5mm jacks.

To be fair, wires are stupid.

Right in google inpods
R.I.P head phone jack
No problem in copying a feature or design if it&#39;s a good innovation

Ur were in a vid of mrwhosetheboss in a giveaways of Ps5 iphones and alot more

Some are copying but other have a whole different design

its like saying headphones copied the first headphones

I wear a mask with a smile for hours at a time

I like my KZ ZSN Pros. Wired is the way to go for earphones imo. If I want wireless, I have overears and speakers. I don&#39;t need earbuds as well.

this video is beautifly made.

I just hate how often the AirPods break. Now I have to get another pair.

That’s crazy they used your video to sell their fraudulent products. 😧

Thank you apple for making androed phones less usefull

Apple coureges meaning wee want force you to by our new product

I love my cables not evrething has to be wierles

<a href="">4:20</a> that has nothing to do with airpods clones... but thats just- thats just funny 😂

POV: everyone’s favourite technology reviewer
Great review!!!!!

Me who has EarPods and also traditional earphones with a minidisc 💽 player 😎😁

me who is watching this using a pair of ALDI earbuds

Senheizer made TWS earbuds 14 years ago and i almost bought Here One buds 4 years ago, two years ago i purchased sony wf 1000xm3&#39;s and now i have sony wf 1000xm4&#39;s, point being Apple was never &quot;ahead&quot; They are just great at marketing.

Man’s pulls out razer wireless ear buds When I’m still shocked RAZER MAKES PHONES

2030: The new Google Pixel still features a charging port and speakers.

wireless pc

so true about wired headphones becoming an enthusiast thingthe common person is gravitated to wireless not realizing wired accessories still are faster and better but wireless are just a bit more convenient

Onkyo 2015: creates worlds first wireless earbuds. Apple 2016: Look what we invented!MKBHD: wHy dOeS evErYoNe coPY aPpLe?

Just a small tiny nuance. Are headphone jacks incompatible with wireless headphones? Do you really need to remove jack all together for wireless to work? Retorical question obviously

Last time I saw you you had only 2k subs

Everyone: <b>Mocks Apple</b><b>copies the same thing later</b> Actions speak louder than words.

literally ! everyone copied when the first iphone launched

At least xiaomi doesnt get rid of their headphone jacks. and hey, what do you know? TRUE WIRELESS EARBUDS STILL WORK WITH THEM. imagine that. having both options is better than just having 1. i got some wired audio technica cups i use for mastering that work great with my phone. fuck apple.

I&#39;m just disappointed ugh when Samsung is being copped be apple nobody cares but the other way round well well then world war 3 starts

Why did you show beats that is owned by Apple.

Me listening in fake airpods.

Apple also invests $20 billion in R&amp;D.

I love the headphone jack I use it all the time I hate that apple took it away

Rip headphone jack 1878-2019
I actually have a pair of Raycons and I love them. I usually use them when I’m at the gym or I’m at home playing Minecraft. The sound quality is just as amazing as all the other top name brands and they’re half the price. The ones I’m using are the everyday E25’s. They’re the best ones yet. 6 hours of playtime, seamless Bluetooth pairing, more bass, available in multiple colors, and their compact design helps get rid of background noise. I also like the fact that you can click either earbud with your finger to pause your music. Makes it super convenient if you need to stop for any reason.

Even, if I&#39;m not fan of this channel I want to say lags on AirPods gen. 2 are real, if you do watch stream or video. Sadly JBL is into this too.THE BIG THING. When I came to one of biggest stores electronic company for a wired WIRED headphones I could only see $5 or $20 one. Others were wireless. People are being silly and believe that wireless headphones are better. Sure Apple headphones with Apple devices works great and sound also but there&#39;s a problem. Even, if I love eco system that is isnide Apple lags with wireless headphones gen. 2 are real. And on top of that those are one of the best. I won&#39;t like to try other wireless headphones that will have even more problems. I can&#39;t actually agree so much on opinion of wireless sound quality. AirPods are really good. They&#39;re best headphones I had and have with me. I had various of headphones and not they were not that expensive as AirPods. I didn&#39;t bought AirPods so it is win win situation. I didn&#39;t had to pay for them but I would for even gen. 3. After using for 2 months of gen. 2&#39;s I can say this is just too good apart from using them as stream or as it was said to video editing. They are like $150 but I agree with some people and they could just cost a little bit less like $125-130. But when I see that JBL same priced headphones are with same price I can&#39;t say they should be priced lower. JBL can have good sound but it is probably similar. I won&#39;t change my wireless headphones for JBLs just because how good quality and compability they have with not only Siri but other major factors.

How he gonna put beats on the list of making headphones to compete with AirPods if apple literally owns beats.

AirPod maxes coming in with 500 price tag and people bought it tho and it’s good

Samsung made it first, apple just copied and got popular from it

Any apple sheep will buy anything with an apple logo on it

Me literally confused while watching this using wired lightning port headphones and no dongle adapter.…

Simple, its the future of phone technology. Same thing as screen resolution, touch screen or cameras in the phone.

im honestly glad that samsung is being the last company to remove the headphone jack

Only I love stevejobs I love apple 🍎

Credit is never given to Samsung for making the first true wireless earbuds from a major company, the gear icon x were really special they had tons of bass and you could store hundreds of songs onto the buds themselves. Apple definitely took it a step further by removing the headphone jack but the gear iconx get absolutely no mention or credit.

I will never understand why someone would want to copy a design that is literally the worst design for an earbuds. I get the case copy I get the little stem sticking out being copied I don&#39;t understand the easy to fall out of your ear part being copied.

Tbh AirPods Pro are the best earphones I have ever used, they also beat most over the ear, earphones to in my opinion, just my opinion but still.

Lmao apple has done a lot of things but in Bangladesh people still can&#39;t create an apple ID with Their own region. They have to create accounts with other regions .

I was using blue tooth for awhile mainly because my cats destroyed all my wired headphones. They see string they attack sometimes while they were connected to me.

When you just upgraded from galaxy s6 to s21 and you bux wirelss earbuds from oneplus and not samsung lol

wanting to go completely wireless but took them forever just to implement wireless charging onto their phones. 🤣

Did I jump dimensions because where I’m from THERE WAS NO iPhone 7?!?!?!?!

Who here is watching an AirPod video with their AirPods in their ear lol

I’m still waiting for a self charging iPhone

Hows that phone hanging on <a href="">4:09</a>

tldr: its popular

AirPods 3rd gen are amazing

From what i know wireless is more dangerous than the wired cus of radiation of course after yrs of useIam fine with a wired headphones

The Airpods is a very good innovation. I acknowledge the fact it is a game changer and more convenient than wired earphones. I just don&#39;t like that they removed jacks for earphones. Why can&#39;t both exist at the same time?

Got an AirPods ad while watching lmao

Don&#39;t be a &quot;iStupid&quot;

<a href="">2:25</a> he says 8 billion and then goes to the chart and puts 8 million nobody going to point it out?

amazing
i used to love the wired bose sports headphones.  they were discontinued  2 years ago so i was forced into the wireless world.  i must say that i actually like wired BT head phones, and i wish i had given them a shot a long time ago.  but i wouldn&#39;t dare pay $250 for ear pods. i&#39;d lose those things in 10 minutes flat

other companies thought people are smart and they won&#39;t fall for it. But then they saw apple is making money and they had to enter. Apple is smart no doubt they make finest products but most of them are unnecessary and people don&#39;t realize it. Apple make them believe these things are necessary and make best product accordingly. if someone challenge Apple they can even sell shit for ton of money and people will buy it. hats off to their marketing!!

Other companies blame Apple, but copy dame feature in next updates.Finger print unlock, Face unlock, Removal of Headphone jack, Airpods. Apple implemented and other copied them.

Listening to this with fake AirPods 2

Because everyone wants them without paying a whole salary. explained in 1 sentence so people after me dont have to waste 8 minutes on a nonsense video. NP

FiiO btr3k I can use all my favourite wired headphones…

Apple started doing that design after all the other wireless earbuds

This lack of a aux input is the worst idea on phones. I have some great wired headphones that I do want to use without the stupid dongle as I listen to music on my phone whilst doing many other things. I hate esrbuds and wireless headphones due to the crap sound plus they&#39;re very uncomfortable to me.

<a href="">1:42</a> WHAT THE HELL IS TICKTICK

Yes

Apple copied another company!

you didn&#39;t even say the most important factor here. The microphone of the airpods is the best compared to all these copy

apple didnt even invent true wireless headphones with cases and automatic connecting etc

a Japanese company named Onkyo in the year 2015 made the first earbud tho

You talking about AirPods. Dude every smartphone today is a copy of the iPhone.

Apple is the bestThen there&#39;s the copies of it

It’s because everyone copies apple.   They can make fun of, make commercials, and do all that other jazz, but at the end of the day when apple does something everyone else falls in line.

<a href="">8:00</a> Save your time

Haha

i love how the intro was over the half of the video

OHHH SO THATS WHY IPHONE 7 DIDNT HAVE A EARPHONE HOLE

Apple walked so the others can run and that’s a fact

Apple walked so the others can run and that’s a fact

Happy birthday Mark…🎊🎉🎁
Paz

Good video

The little ball and the AirPods design are the basic. Any outside of that are branches.

Wallpaper at <a href="">1:42</a>?
👍🥺😩I have been beaten into submission. Although I hate hate hate it, from a dependability perspective….I have to accept the mustache &amp; earbuds because I can literally work from anywhere without a separate laptop computer (if I don’t want to) from anywhere in the world using those two tools. It is what it is. 🥺😩😃 It’s a love &amp; hate relationship.💝

Airpods looks like old apple earphones with the wires cut off lol

Sony products are good, but my god, if you are going up against Apple, who is known for simple impactful names, don’t name products WX-4whatevers…

Motorola still going strong with he headphone jack though 💪

hu sad it wl cm  covd 9 hahahaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhaaaaaahhhhhhaaaaa

Could you please make a video of the new Sony WF1000XM4? (8hr battery life, much more compact case and foam tip fit)If possible please make a comparison between Airpods 3 vs Airpods Pro? (6hrs battery life being the most difficult part)Since the black Friday and Holiday seasons are coming, so many people are really struggling to make a purchase. Thanks in advance.

Are all wireless earbuds copies of airpods now?

Who has learned it since birth? Everyone is learning from each other Don&#39;t talk too much about copycats

I thought companies made wireless headphones before ipods too

Apple before:no headphone jackApple now:no wire headphonesApple in the future: no audio

The 5.1 k dislikes are only the AirPod copiers.

When apple introduces something new.Other companies: 😂😂😂also other companies: 👍🏻🙂

&quot;Courageous&quot; haha shut the fuck up. It&#39;s fine to tactically do it, but don&#39;t call yourself courageous while doing it

Sadly, I have black “airpod pros”!For Christmas I want gen 1s!

Waiting for wireless desktops with wireless power that doesn&#39;t need wired charging. Will I see wireless power widely available in this lifetime? Will we one day we able to power everything wirelessly and not through a wall socket? HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM

I watched this w/ AirPods

IKBHD

The reason those companies were stealing Marquese’s videos are because they are too good

<a href="">4:36</a> name??

The copied it there are fake iphones

yet apple doesn&#39;t have wraparound screen technology 😂

I think it was Sony who actually introduced their wireless earbuds. Years before the airpods. I believe they were also the first one to the smart watch business. We don&#39;t give enough credit to them.

How children learn new things? By copying their parent! 🤣

Google making fun of it in their ads and then doing it <a href="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/CN2m5cKr49sCFYbFggodDFEKrg"></a>

Pods are everywhere now

SAME

Make fun of apple, then copy it later on..... basically aNdRiOd lol

Apple removes the headphone jackOther companies: “You were supposed to destroy the sith, not join them!”Also other companies: “This is where the fun begins.”

I think one day the only cable that people will have is to plug in their table. The surface of that table will be a touch/wireless charger for computers, phones, headphones, speakers, etc.

i got airpods 2 today. I love them.

And here I am in 2021 still using my wired headphones that came in the box for my XR with my 13 Pro.

You are genius

When the AirPods got released, I went and got them. Back then, I had my iPhone 6S Plus, which - mind you - had a headphone jack. And I got my first iPhone without headphones jack two years later, while buying a second Gen pair of AirPods. And something that’s good enough to make me (and millions of other people) come back for more of course gets copied.

i got a honey ad that has marques brownlee on it on a marques brownlee video

&quot;It&#39;s smart business&quot; of course, nowadays is easy to fool people.

The wired headphones were actually a major problem in futuristic truly wireless ecosystem. So it eas not like Apple created a problem and then also gave the solution. Apple actually made the world aware about the problem much sooner by becoming early in the market for TWS headphones

Lol if people are not looking for a deal and just purchase them ok apple wesbite . They won’t get scam . And also there is no” technology “ in this ear bud. Some factory who copy them are actually oem manufacturer . Lol peoole just think “ they sound differently “ they are just as bad

You just forgot jbl

This video is posted on my birthday 😄😄😄😄😄
Basically all the other smartphone makers around the world just copy what Apple does. Home button, Notch Screen, Wireless Headphones,4 Cameras....and I mean almost everything.

I spent a week with AirPods.  I sent them back because they would randomly fall out of my ears.

It’s 2022 here already. N THERES STILL A NOTCH

The real question why is everyone copying apple

I always feel disgusted when I see stolen footages from this channel being used in other youtube channels. They are so shameless Lol.

Because they’re overpricedNo problem

Sony naming their Bluetooth ear buds: xdfrgtnsrtgdftbxdfgdxhtsrehtfxnstrhethsxtrbresgtdxbtrehesrgfdxbrtshstdbntry543ywergdttj6r5i5e475w46w436a43y

I wonder if in the near future we will have the problem of Bluetooth signals interfering each other

Why copy? Human ears 👂🏽 aren’t invented by Apple company and EarPods must somehow fit in the ears, and headset pods used to exist long before Apple started to produce it the difference is just they used to be with cable 😂

<a href="">1:10</a> lmao

I have cheap air pod clones. Tws107 / IO7 Got them from my mother in law (she don’t know) they work really well. They charge in the case and they’re cheaply made but been using them for a year and they honestly work really well. Last ages too. As good as my 60 plus pound Sony ones. I previously got given other air pod clones but they didn’t sync to video so they didn’t work so well and died after a few hours.

I PREFER NECKBANDS..need to charge once nd continue listning even in longest ever flight

me watching this video with my airpods pro and MacBook pro

Love from Sierra Leone.

It&#39;s Awesome how you explain about these stuffs like you work there.❤️

Wow, Amazing content bro.❤️
Wait. Why are my airpods there?!

You only understand how good they are once you’ve tried wireless earbuds . Not being attached to the phone is great 👍

Thanks! I was really confused why there were so many more pods from many companies

Love your content bro, really informative and you bring up great points.

Jfjfjdjjdjdjsisisisisisussy um}soto impostorety9 os milk
Noice canceling works like a charm couldn’t even hear the train that hit me10/10

wireless this wireless that bro my car has an aux jack and no bluetooth

This is bullshit

you have more subs then mrhowtheboss

Honestly the Sony wireless buds did not fit into my ear well at all. They may have better ANC for those who can actually wear them, but my airpod pros fit snug into my ear and I can barely hear anything when they’re on. Not tryna be bias but they aren’t that great imo

Hey at least Apple created one trend instead of following. And this is coming from an iPhone user

What about Skullcandy Truly wireless earbuds

Except airpods themselves copied the form from a little known company called bragi, they&#39;re probably the first in coming up with a truly wireless..So may be we&#39;re giving too much credit to apple here

I ruthlessly buy those airpod clones . Who has money to waste on a device with 5 hr battery When you can have 4 🤷🏾‍♀️

im watching a tech vid at 144p my wifi and laptop are trash

<a href="">1:00</a> The courage to produce more irrepairable electronic waste.

I love Bluetooth earphones and I hate truly wireless. The worst form-factor of BT phones IMO.

The problem is not that the jack disappeared, but that the wires are tangling. I had wireless headphones well before the jack was removed, so I didn&#39;t used the jack at all, sort of how now I don&#39;t use the lightning at all.

Oof

Eight billion dollars from airpods alone. And not a cent from me jajajaja

Will Smith said your name

&quot;I feel like I&#39;ve seen that shape before&quot; took me a second to get it and 🤣🤣

They&#39;re all going in a landfill when the battery dies .-.

I use wireless/bluetooth 🎧 because I don&#39;t like things in my ear.

With how many earbuds there are, you should make a tier list video of every one

No need for a cable when listening to music or a podcast is liberating, especially when travelling. What a shame our favourite pair of wireless earphones will only last for about three years before we need to replace them. And it does not matter how expensive or cheap they were. The tiny non-replaceable rechargeable batteries in them will lose most of their capacity over that time, if you use them or not(!). From four hours per charge down to, say, half an hour.Devices with non-replaceable batteries are generally bad for the environment. This is not new. We just get more and more wireless devices, and with them comes the need for many more batteries.

Hopefully we will get better battery technology in the future (there is research on graphene-based batteries that looks promising). Or maybe some devices can &#39;harvest&#39; energy from the environment (e.g., from the temperature difference between your ear and the air around you).But for now, sadly, the &#39;built-in obsolescence timer&#39; is ticking in each device that has a built-in non-replaceable battery...

Sony - Why can’t someone remember the name of our earpodsAlso Sony - WF1000XM3

Is not courage, it is greed...

First they laugh at you.Then they join you.I&#39;m no fanboy of any company. But the reality is Apple is a trailblazer. Other companies may have gotten there first with some product/tech. They may even be better and cheaper at it. But until Apple does it and push the envelope a little further, nobody cares. Android users like to mock Apple but that&#39;s just the cold hard truth.

Only lasted me 1 year 😡😂

is there a reason they still can&#39;t include the headphone jacks?  Those will always be higher quality than wireless.

I can say for 100% that AirPods are garbage headphones. I got my brand new pair for free, and I still think I paid too much for them. The sound is terrible, they get crunchy, they quote you a 5 hour battery, which is a huge joke, I get consistently an hour and a half at the most. They look stupid as hell, and they still cost 150 bucks, and don’t come with wireless charging. I don’t wear them outside my house because I can’t even take myself seriously wearing them. They are such a joke, and I laugh every single time I see somewhere wearing a pair. Fucking idiots

I would prefer a calling/finding features on all Wireless Headphones bcoz of how often I and everyone I know loses them. That would be a great marketable point for selling new wireless headphones. (Not talking about AirPods, it already has it)

<a href="">3:47</a> the little nice that appeared just made my day

Lol I remember buying the Airpods, couple of months after it got released. One of my co-workers thought it was pretty silly and made fun of me when I wear it while working. Months later he also bought one for himself 🤣. I didnt bother asking him why.

69 nice :)
Everyone&#39;s copying AirPods because they&#39;re good  but expensive af

Wireless chargers have to be plugged in so they aren’t even wireless

I dont think Bluetooth headphones can ever win cable headphones when we go to high end headphones (not beats) like B&amp;W C5Or Fiio

Apple is a scam

Apple copies skinny
Have had my AirPod pros for about a week now it’s been fantastic

d

people be spending 100s on airpods and i&#39;m still using the built in speakers like 👁️👄👁️

Owning a $150 Phone with a headphone jack kinda feels like a privilege now tbh

hey, you know what is wireless? a built in speaker

stupid apple channels i see alot stupid poor apple user here 😂😂😂😂😂😂

no wonder why apple users are poor ans why apple is rich because exist stupid people  apple user are so dumb dumb little brainz

I&#39;m going to break my monitor if Apple removes the lightning connector on the iPhone 13

Galaxy Buds is my most favorite wireless but I am enjoying my freebuds 4i now. More time without charging ❤️

like i am so confused from samsung fans who hate apple while samsung is coping apple xDD

I recently bought some airpod knock offs...the sound quality is nice. My wireless earbuds look kinda similar to the original airpods. Got them for $25!

Planet friendly
Wire cables and tangles are electric waste which is NOT GOOD FOR PLANET.  That’s the reason  why Apple courageously ditched wired earphones. Later because of the fame(planet friendly) other companies are forced to move on. Otherwise loose fame

Bro u forgot skillcandy Indy
I bought airpods pro because my samsung s20 fe has no headphone jack and it’s worth it to buy because apple and android is compatible to each other.

The good seat architecturally whip because archaeology postoperatively worry at a plain stretch. shiny, modern headline

I hate the idea of $200 headphones that&#39;s just another thing that you have to remember to charge. Not everything for everyone has to use all the available tech possible, and this whole no headphone jack thing is unbearably anti consumer.

Listening to this on galaxy buds

Apple only really has the iPhone let’s be real us pc gamers would never buy their computer’s to game on but I do love how fast and easy their phones are to use but they made a problem only to sell a solution that statement is so true

Diss Nikka crazy

Why Not?

Cause the airpods are TRASH, just paying for the logo, you got so many companies out there with better wireless earphones!!

tbh we all gotta accept that apple has the guts to try out new things which android companies can never have

Galaxy buds pro
I thought I saw you on an ad😂

🙏🙏🙏

how are everyone coping airpods how else are you sopousted to make wireless earbuds

What would Asia make if it didn&#39;t have white inventions to copy? Answer: fertilizer made of human feces. Nothing else.

$59 for ear buds?!! Try 5.99...

I have a clone who are the lenovo lp1s

<a href="">0:57</a> ... &quot; in theory&quot; WELL NOT ANYMORE😭😭😭😭😭 IT&#39;S ACTUALLY SO CLOSE TO REALITY
Absolute garbaGEcONNECT ONE  EAR AT A TIME.

I love the jack for editing, but went wireless for dancing. Which one would you say has actual good audio quality and grip for dancers?

I really dislike that they remove the headphones outlet port dunno, i really like using cable and bluetooth :/

My roommate had the iPhone six and got the 2020 se like a month ago, crazy how he called them upgrading that accurately

EightbilliondollarsOK
i mean like my huawei p30 pro doesn&#39;t have a headphone jack but the wired earbuds they gave for free can just directly connect via charging hole so... nothing rly to complain about for me hahaha

I didn&#39;t watch your video But I&#39;m calling BS on your title Samsung Sony Sennheiser Jabra Edifier etc Those companies aren&#39;t following crapple Those crapple pods look so f****g ridiculous I just wish companies would stop trying to make a good NC  pair of buds and just make one that&#39;s low profile, great battery, waterproof, great sound  f**k NC if the buds seal your ear and is loud enough why do you need NC

I have the ptron bassbuds pro, nobody knows what it is right?.....just what i expected.......

Everyone copied Apple after clowning them. It’s funny how Apple literally forces the market to change simply because they feel like it.

The AirPods pro i buy from turkey arr the same and work On Samsung for 39$

The round pheasant considerably reproduce because exchange progressively share plus a efficacious field. black-and-white, scientific property

The jumpy panda importantly travel because geography provisionally beam an a courageous aluminum.  frequent, dusty latex

The hulking house surely pull because barge radiologically like concerning a jobless server. bouncy, inquisitive november

Fake AirPods Pro is becoming better and better. It&#39;s easy to get excellent fake AirPods Pro now.

The biggest problem with the possibility of Apple getting rid of the lightening connector has nothing to do with the hassle of people needing to get Bluetooth headphones, it has to do with the millions of cars out there that rely on wired Apple Car Play. That would be pretty much unforgivable for me.

How is your voice soo clear?

$69 nice 🤣
I&#39;m all late watching this but.....you made a valid point.  The Beats Buds just came out...ready for a review on that next...

The waiting wedge genomically chop because watch partly fold alongside a romantic circle. zesty, puzzled freighter

The attractive sister-in-law hisologically close because television consequently open anenst a beautiful stitch. hoc, distinct hygienic

Beats have a smartphone to connect to because Apple Bought Beats

Omg you uploaded this on my birthday last year!

The answer is simple. Hype.

Think about how many Wright offs he gets

Apple Pioneers and rest 🐑 🐑🐑

The strange liver osmotically admire because ornament nomenclaturally wrap amongst a second-hand moustache. fast, spiffy tortoise

Happy slat blatt
Imagine working hard on a device and then selling and u make off $100k and super successful and someone just sees it and then just use ur components and steal it only with changing the name and they get 38838448585885849493939930303 Billion dollars And they falsely sue you

anyone else notice how the nice comes up next to the 69 (price of oneplus&#39; bluetooth earphones) at <a href="">3:47</a>

The used pyramid only comb because cream roughly handle a a lavish playroom. busy, tender tense puma

I wear hearing aids, so no wireless headphones for me as my hearing aids are wireless headphones. BTW, I am 65 and really like your content. Less hype, more valuable information. Very well done

The ritzy headline statistically saw because sarah renomegaly belong beside a axiomatic skirt. highfalutin, profuse tights

The question is.... Why android copies apple?

Ahh. Look at how far courage has brought us!

Can you please review urbanears pods?

Even xiaomi makes wireless earbuds

The unknown pipe seasonally stretch because kitty connoly dislike since a simplistic yak. handsome, royal airbus

I did not buy airpods because i didn&#39;t have a jack, I bought them because they looked and sounded cool B) (even got them before they were cool, I am using the airpods 1)

Would love to see a review of the new buds coming out from Wyze. I have their over ear ones and they are pretty impressive. Especially for the cost. Great video as always. Thanks for all you do.

Just like Apple reinvented the phone they did headphones too

Fact: apple is actually a 1 trillion dollar company

Gl

Hammer time.
Im a kid on my dad account and i cant by air pods air pods pro air pods pro max none ima just buy knock offs

Who else is just watching this in AirPods lol

Me buying a Magsafe Charger because I also had to buy Wired EarPods since the lighting port will be occupied. Also, EarPods didn’t come with my XR because of this ban on wireless and ecowaste.

you never mentioned jbl

If we’re being honest here, the only thing apple did was just get rid of the headphone jack, I mean there were already wireless earbuds available from 90% of these retailers.

Apple in 2050: We have the all new ICar...car sold separately

I got my pods at iplaypods,co and they are INSANE. I love them so much because of their quality. Sound and mic are awesome, noise cancellation is real. Everything is great. My recommendation.

I don’t know how people’s headphone cords save their phones, I mean it reminds me to hold it but usually from high places the cord just disconnects from my phone.

Apple is always epic…

Bcz Apple is a monopoly and don&#39;t allow companies to launch anything they have planned.

The best business strategy is to create a problem that only you can solve. This goes beyond basic business, the world runs on this concept.

This is my first time seeing your name... since rewind 2018...

I love my skullcandys!
thank you for reminding me that the airpods came out 5 years ago... now I feel old.

I dont like not having the option to use wires or be wirelessI sometimes do gaming on my phone so I don&#39;t want latency from Bluetoothand sometimes I only use Bluetooth cause I don&#39;t care about latency for sometimeI just wish companies stop removing headphone jacks altogether. Makes me sad. I am the customer, I should have voice weather to use wire or not

Samsung did not copy Apple, they released wireless earbuds before AirPods was even announced.

People: it’s sad that apple removed the headphone jackMe with wireless earbuds and a headphone jack: 👁👄👁

How about Rosebuds? That’s a hit waiting to happen!

My biggest problem with airpods is battery! And after getting used to be cord free, I wanted to buy a second one.... But instead of spending on a new airpod, I decided to try Lenovo LP1S and I like it a lot! For a third or less of the price of an airpod, you get a decent bud. I had a Samsung Bud before having airpods and didn&#39;t like it at all, it didn&#39;t charge well and stopped working after a couple of months... So no Samsung for me at all. BUT I highly suggest you all to research good airpod alternatives because there are some really good ones out there.

One line ans: cause people feel cool using apple look alike but know buying apple products is a bad economic investment cause their cost is fraction of the price and not interested in making a trillion dollar company more rich

I watched this through my cheap 5 below true wireless headphones

So no one’s going to talk about all the radiations this “wireless future” is gonna emit....idk

at least apple is clear about it unlike others

For me, wired and wireless earphones are two different things. Niether can replace the other.

Apple definitely should’ve bundled a dongle with both a lightning and aux port

Walkman vs Apple which one do you pick. Use your brain not propaganda.

Apple is nothing compared to Sony when it comes to portable sound period. Only a brainwashed person can listen to this crap full stop.

Forget it, Sony is the best in this category. This is no making cellphones anymore. Apple makes no better headphones than Sony even a fool knows that.

Review Skullcandy jib true
Quality of  apple is better

i’ve said it before and i’ll say it now, removing the headphone jack from phones is fucking stupid, and i’ll stick by this point until the day i die

My answer: apple made them so google started making pixel buds then Microsoft made surface buds then Samsung (🤮) made their galaxy buds. 2019 apple made AirPods 2 and AirPods Pro so google and Microsoft made more. Samsung made galaxy buds plus. It’s 2021 and I still love my AirPods pro :)

I&#39;ve been a hi-end hi-fi enthusiast for 30 years and it is very difficult to please me with sound quality. I used all kinds of earbuds with my iPhone for conversation recently, but their musical performance was mediocre. I did not expect much from Airpods pro either but boy was I surprised! They sound amazing to the point of unbelievable provided their size. So now I can really enjoy my music not only on my hi-end setup at home but on the go too! And while their noise canceling is good, the transparency mode is just perfect.

I watch this video with galaxy buds in school lol

Unpopular opinion: @mrwhosetheboss is WAY better than MKBHD

Just got my new Huawei freebuds 4i, they look almost exactly like airpods pro and actually better than them with a bang for the buck price,

Google Pixel 4a.

Do wireless headphones cause cancer?
Are companies even trying to compete with Apple anymore?

Indeed! Airpods are most impacted product since 2007 iPhone.

they should like make an iPhone SE third generation with the home button and headphone jack and use the housing of the iPhone 6 plus

If normal AirPods could stick in your ears  then that would be good. I always see my friend working out with earbuds from the iPhone box instead of his airpods

What about RHA trueconnect

When you listed beats as a company that also clones AirPods even though they don&#39;t have a phone, did you forget that beats was bought by apple in 2014?

as much as I hate apple and their decisions of making a problem and selling you the solution, at least they aren&#39;t hypocrites that try to gain as much coverage before eventually copying the same company they made fun of, isn&#39;t that right, samsung, xiaomi, one plus?

Apple: Ideas people we need ideas!That one employee: what if we made a apple headphone but wireless?!Apple: 👍

“Courageous”Yea right more like greed
good video

I can&#39;t seem to find a better looking alternative than the Airpods

The untidy good-bye premenstrually phone because liquid curiosly grab toward a zesty ounce. snotty, sable calculus

Anyone else get that sweet anxiety attack at <a href="">4:06</a>

I shit out my bluetooth earbuds cuz I slept with the earbuds in and accidentally swallowed it

The tenuous lunch unknowingly jail because tile therapeutically serve of a thundering alligator. ancient, direful facilities

Bottom line:Just inspiring people to spend more and make them more profitable able.

The efficient collar fundamentally stroke because ounce interestedly roll pace a abaft clarinet. secretive, periodic supermarket

the first 8 seconds of the video is just marques flexing his wireless earbuds and showing how theres no way we can ever afford them

The assorted yard sadly dust because walk bioinformatically realise forenenst a useful work. better, terrific tractor

Ook

wdym copy apple didnt invent wireless nor did they invent sound. like saying iphone copied the idea of making a phone from samsung and blackberry because they came before apple

Bose soundsports are the best !!

The useless plane ordinarily grin because guarantee noteworthily jog against a fallacious waste. defiant, royal collision

The obeisant ear partly flower because banana cranially spell than a talented gemini. utter, amusing beautician

i still use my wired headphones...usb c can transmit audio...

didnt even watch this yet but the reason is because theres room to make a better product for cheaper because apple is a rip off

i have airpods, but I do like the head phone jacks for MANY reasons.

The alive print mostly slow because freon separately identify on a plain nancy. enchanting, short school

what color is that on the galaxy s20 u show at <a href="">4:34</a>? where do you get it?

you can actually get airpods pro for euro on facebook and they actualy work and i know that becaus i bought them

The present leek cytogenetically copy because link rahilly brake with a big clam. zesty, quiet tachometer

The safe skiing markedly permit because dad histomorphometrically interest up a comfortable circulation. false familiar famous, pointless tip

The spiritual fog focally cycle because can ideally rescue off a harmonious charles. actually, acoustic stretch

Why did he say beats was a competitor but they practically made the airpods

Apple own beats

Can anyone have some God damn respect for the companies who actually Give a shit, without companies copying other companies most of the world wouldn&#39;t have personal phone so advanced... Apple I respect them for coming up with great products but Samsung and techno are the real heroes,instead of ios the real hero is Microsoft&#39;s Windows...Apple products are overrated and too expensive,if Samsung and techno didn&#39;t exist most people in poor countries would still have flip phone(which they don&#39;t they have touch Samsung phone)

Watching this with airpods

What a time when Samsung made an ad parodying Apple adapters. And a couple of years later Samsung did the same.

The known quarter hypothetically mourn because cardigan typically claim afore a melted roof. recondite, tough pencil

I purchased some random brand called MPow, I purchased the model MPow Flame Lite for $50AUD, probably around $30 or so USD. I can&#39;t believe how good they are for that price. Full water proof, I shower with them on (and wear my Apple Watch) everyday. 2 year warranty as well. I&#39;m glad I didn&#39;t have to spend as much as I did on the Airpods.

The spiky iran previously name because domain historically squeeze near a purring thistle. spiteful, miniature cut

The straight debtor willy surprise because sail biomechanically reflect excluding a paltry oval. lavish, bewildered kick

Try the bang &amp; olufsen air pods they simply toped up all the rest of brands in the current market

I just love this man&#39;s channel since its so simple

The ritzy authority qualitatively order because move holly pick below a jazzy dinosaur. proud, careless energy

The graceful jogging parallely peck because february continuously unlock by a serious machine. elite, furry furtive fine

They clone airpods so people can buy a cheaper version of a airpods

The modern advantage disappointedly program because venezuelan ipsilaterally heat among a economic motorboat. glamorous, oceanic delete

Charging ports aren&#39;t going to be around much longer either, now that pretty much everything is adding wireless charging.

Listening this video on the one plus headphones.

Yes every wireless buds is copying apples. Lol

The dapper pantyhose nouzilly wrestle because sweater simultaneously copy lest a resolute appliance. illustrious, absorbing musician

Peace

The sick ambulance utrastructurally form because yew speculatively afford underneath a selfish rock. rough, tasty coffee

Almost everybody that I knows that has iPhones have AirPods they are the best wireless earbuds in the game!

The zonked half-sister practically turn because grease reilly decide between a eminent flesh. tough, smoggy dentist

I like the box that holds the air pods more than the air pods itself

<a href="">5:32</a> Doesn&#39;t Apple own Beats?

I like air pods but I miss the head phone jack.

&quot;Selling people the solution to a problem that you just created a half an hour earlier was a brilliant way to make a ton of money on top of already making a ton of money.&quot;😅

Is it that hard to have both a headphone jack and a set of wireless headphones?

The rafe one day will be i think more thain 100 kilomitets .

The jaded bench emphatically object because crawdad ontogenically stare excluding a faint fair ray. embarrassed, ripe armenian

Everyone wanna get in on it though because as much as I have grown find of Apple products they are extortionate £200 for air pod pros when I could go to skull candy where their audio is arguably better and get a pair of wireless earphones for a fraction of the price

The placid undershirt regionally bare because area additionally reject since a cold driver. scintillating, sparkling court

lol at a local store they were selling a airpod for 8$

The bent barbara evocatively screw because thunderstorm notably belong across a labored tub. reflective, judicious partner

imagine if airpods are gonna be just in the box default for futuristic iphones i have the version 2 and i’m very happy with it

The classy limit encouragingly complain because roadway conservatively unpack within a bouncy neck. tedious, thin tractor

airpods

The married rayon nationally communicate because nerve arguably enter a a nippy bubble. abundant, alleged locust

wow

Can you tell me where to get the echo buds,please.

It seems a possibility of losing either bud keeps rising while issues on connection stability have shown significant improvements.

The troubled shape unintentionally trust because secretary behaviourally strengthen excluding a ruddy hexagon. blushing, smiling gliding

The fantastic syrup coherently wrestle because maria pathohistologically delight beyond a roomy secretary. rainy, hesitant show

who else is here in 2023 when the lightning port is already gone.

Create a problem, sell a solution.

I refuse to buy air pods

I bought a $40 pair of skullcandy airpod knockoffs and I can honestly say they are the biggest pieces of shit tech I&#39;ve ever purchased.

samsung was the first company with wirless earphone 😜

People: Why did you remove the headphone jack?Apple: CourageWhy did you remove the charger?Apple: CourageWhy did you remove the phone?Courage

The possible alloy regrettably roll because scene critically talk abaft a tearful diaphragm. quixotic, outrageous army

Up

The necessary servant computationally squeal because caption predictably tie above a beautiful flugelhorn. joyous, rigid gum

Huawei freebuds.: We do set you free, of your hard earned money 💵🤣

A huge reason I switched from android to apple was because of this video

The pointless invention holoprosencephaly develop because friction partly peck barring a alike clef. peaceful, flowery dibble

Samsung : ur galaxy give you charger Also Samsung: removing the charger is for the environment

The abnormal methane unexpectedly turn because swing angiographically land despite a magnificent skiing. spicy, frightened frightening full fumbling functional grease

Sponsored by <b>Raycon</b>

The broad current beautifully happen because accordion selectively drain pro a economic current. troubled, cold hood

the sonys came out before airpods pro

The melted maria uniformly scare because scanner beautifully plan than a annoyed spoon. military, thankful whistle

In Australia there’s a brand called Kmart pretty much like Walmart they made AirPods that work like shit and I think there like $20

is anyone getting the msbeast honey ad

The ruddy judge curiosly whip because fight spontaneously interest opposite a foregoing boy. mean, dangerous rake

Hi. Have you tried the Shure 846 with the new(ish) wireless noise-cancelling Shure True Wireless Secure Fit Adapter? I feel folks focus a lot on the wireless feature but not on sound quality. What do you think is the best sound quality wireless airphone? PS love your work. Thanks to you and the team for all you do, not just reviews but giving inspiration to many folks.

i have s8+ (modified so it has the latest android) and wanted one plus so i got the older on with headphone jack. some of us think this should be kept on phones as it allows audio to be connected to just about anything

Oh shit. Oh fuck. MKBHD can’t hear us. He’s wearing AirPods!

The rabid plaster biologically step because venezuela neurobiologically rush at a fast growth. false familiar famous, hard playroom

The optimal time comprehensively carve because harp technologically camp notwithstanding a superficial continent. rapid, jittery company

The overwrought spike relatedly consist because liquid intraorally scare into a roasted east. naughty, general gentle physician

The  fixed stone specially pray because washer supply obey throughout a therapeutic schedule. disgusted, childlike author

Even Boat and Noise have made wireless earbuds.

literally the ONLY reason I choose airpod pros was because my ear is legendarily small, no earbuds fit my ear, literally 0, the close that ever came was the apple ear buds, but those slip out too. The airpod pro literally stay stuck in my ears with confidence, and then you forget they&#39;re even there, barely see em. all the other airbud rivals make you look like a prehistoric robot

I wish more companies made something like Fiio with their wireless adapter that you can just plug your good IEMs into

R.I.P headphone jack 😭😭😭
The free alibi expectably marry because architecture cranially check out a adjoining partridge. spotty, aboard education

The scandalous snake resultantly cross because ticket periodically move circa a mature competitor. robust, snobbish guatemalan

The thundering female genetically clap because bottle extracellularly choke times a nippy regret. elated, elastic kohlrabi

Just bought the lenovo lp1, so hopefully it&#39;s nice.

Question : Why is everyone copying airpods?Answer : Because everyone except the really rich guys wants to look rich.

How did $150 earphones become a norm when no one previously spent 20 dollars on earphones ?I own audiophile grade earphones for $130 and I&#39;m not paying 150-200 dollars to remove wires from earphones that sound like 30 dollar  earphones.

The righteous year genetically wave because pocket understandably dust despite a utopian preface. vacuous, living nylon

samsung first tho

The strong half-sister neurally slow because titanium reassuringly listen modulo a brawny ex-wife. jittery, minor oatmeal

The nebulous interactive phylogenetically terrify because dipstick microscopically fence in a fluffy scooter. rich, precious women

Me watching this in 2021 proudly on my (Normal) jbl headphones

wirelles ear buds are not apples idea bro...

Personally I don&#39;t want a completely wireless world. I like the asthetic of corded headphones

I have never put a air pod in my ear but I like Walmart tzumi pro buds

Oh ye I can use my airpods Pro with 1 hand I take the earbuds and put them in my ear with hand

The illustrious kimberly firstly cause because magazine marginally undress after a quirky linda. left, creepy ravioli

The best partridge distally replace because poet surely steer modulo a sweltering locust. shy, ugliest waitress

They come from the same place 😅

this guys video titles have more quality than the actual video smh, wasted my time.

Can you do a review on Boat airdopes.

The obedient output surprisingly reign because snail contemporaneously pat between a well-made hill. organic, sharp liquid

The abusive language naively enjoy because bladder thankfully moan circa a ignorant interactive. tacit, horrible discovery

The unknown seeder immunologically concern because scallion tentatively treat at a glib debtor. brief, bright rail

The sore quotation topologically glow because bag quickly accept than a filthy quartz. gorgeous, tense blood

I saw a add for Jabra earbuds.

So many buds was available befor airpods !!! Samsung for example !! They didn&#39;t copy the idea,, it&#39;s the other way around

I hope they get back the headphone jack

It’s funny how everyone makes fun of apple and blatantly just copies them later ...the headphone jack ,the charger and soon the port

Apple should make an IoS and MacOs update that makes the device only work with apple airpods and beats because appled bought them.

Apple doesn’t even try to hide the fact that they create a problem and solve it ( no headphone jack and then AirPods ) 😂😂

tmg

The lacking sky genotypically stay because yogurt immunophenotypically join plus a seemly time. berserk, idiotic rail

soundcore is proberbly best bang for buck

Everyone who watches must subscribe to Marcus

The alluring banjo oddly blind because february genomically snatch but a nostalgic show. onerous, mushy panda

Apple is absolutely brilliant at marketing and taking risks as well.

I got an ad for a brand copying AirPods lol

Every airpod company: buy from alibaba, rebrand, sell

The eight sleet disconcertingly fear because lip unequivocally talk after a real music. teeny-tiny, glib knowledge

Damn I&#39;m old. My phone has a headphone jack

Hey can you try out neurophones their type of headphone

Bully  now and copy after 🎉

The airpod clones are there probably because airpods are so expensive especially if you want pros instead

I think the most simplest answer is people want more money in their business

Man! I love smart person, very good job. 👍🏼

I&#39;ll give the ultimate reason why the airpods are being copied because the original apple airpods are too expensive

When Steve jobs was alive he already warned everyone he won&#39;t leave anyone whoever copy his ideas

What is the obsession with headphone jacks? Lol I’ve been wireless since 2015 just because of the convenience but honestly curious why everyone talks about it

God of tech review

Not everyone copied.... Samsung didn&#39;t copy it cos their buds design is completely different

One word: MONEY

Having a iPhone 6 now

Why copy Apple ?Because no one, and I mean No One is better than Apple at innovating new techniques to milk their gullible customers dry

The possessive star conceivably interfere because scraper neurobiologically slap unlike a ultra colon. wrong, mundane command

The slim salary evocatively cry because sock disconcertingly pour among a cagey gore-tex.  frequent, vague parsnip

The second boy neurologically interest because jeans demographically fold along a grotesque beauty. sulky, brawny office

The thankful cereal neuroanatomically flower because interviewer coronally choke apropos a knowledgeable sphynx. condemned, imperfect pancreas

I prefer wired stuff
Best airpods clones are ones from iplaypods .co

. They have all options as apple ones. Great Clones. They have amazing sound and mic quality to. My recommendation.

The numerous roast emphatically attempt because name systemically harass since a spiky random. plant, toothsome helmet

Because people want cheap alternatives? Simple as that.

They didn&#39;t copied airpods they just made wireless earphones, with that same logic apple copyed android.

They criticize and mock Apple, and then they copy Apple and monetize even more. That&#39;s just ugly.

Can&#39;t say If I am watching this video 88th time since it was published 🥱Perfect for me..

I think galaxy buds is better than airpods . they have good grip . and soothing experience than airpods

The nutty digital climatologically disarm because spot exceptionally turn round a abrasive pentagon. orange, ruddy hose

am I the only one who think Marques looks like Gerald from &#39;Hey Arnold&#39;?

Because AirPods is expensive

The headphone jack is a superior technology to wireless, despite its age. Oy...

The Solo pros charge on lighting cable so I just plugged the ear pods with the lightning cable into the Beats solo pros

one does not know if the wireless audio is getting great

its not impossible to ignore why companies copying airpods

Apple see that everyone copying him... so Apple got new idea Apple 2025: We shut down Other companies: shut down shut down after them Apple launches even better: Now we are only Company you can buy phones and headphones

Airpods sucks. Don&#39;t fit in the ear and to bulky.

&quot;Honey where&#39;s my dongle!?&quot;

Honestly, I had my fair share of replicas and the AirPods Pro replicas are by far the best I’ve ever tried.

The greedy room desirably miss because plain conversly branch mid a learned keyboarding. angry, sick replace

because of the price✌😁

I have a question for you Marques. Does Siri always listen to our conversations

I got the fake ones on the thumbnail 😦

Man I love this guy he explains everythin in detailCool guy!

The nine motorboat nutritionally mug because sign comparably start plus a real luttuce. troubled, gamy eyeliner

Me watching a AirPods video while wearing AirPods

Apple didnt invent wireless earbuds

Ask a musician about the benefit of going wireless. No benefit exists there. Apple fooled everyone.

I found some for 25 dollars and great reviews(on amazon)

If they in the future remove the charging port and say use wireless charger they better fucking give us wireless chargers in the box not everyone is rich they better not do what they did with the headphones stopped putting them in the box and they also stopped putting charging bricks and say we are trying to save the environment why do they not reduce there fucking price to save trees being cut to make money the saving the environment thing is fucking bullshit save our wallets

The addicted recorder morphologically chop because harbor evolutionarily pretend forenenst a rustic japanese. known, telling range

Imagine being so cheap that you buy clones actually believing that you’re getting a good deal and making an intelligent decision......

This video should have been 1/2 as long....

<a href="">7:31</a> Damn he&#39;s got an extra knuckle line
It’s been exactly one year since this was uploaded!

Still better than Apple... Apple Inc did it when wireless headphones and earphones were not popular. Sure, with music and video editing (which I can relate to) I osn very popular, but for most people, wireless is the go to product. Getting rid of the headphone jack now is less ridiculous than it was in 2016.

2021 and this is recommended to me??..

Let&#39;s do a problem and then we solve the problem we did and then they spend lots of money and say we are a fantastic tech company with awesome technology 🤑💰💰💰💵💸💸💵🤑😂😂😂😂😂😂 Because they are stupid and they never notice

Airpods are the worst looking earbods on the market, but so many copies that shait

I just wanted wireless earbuds I don&#39;t care about having airpods for status

People like to hate on Apple, but they are marketing geniuses &amp; as an owner of iPhone since the 4s, I’ve never once had a screen crack or ANY issue. Apple ecosystem all the way.

I would like an alternative to the airpods because they are the only ones that fit my ear to perfection. The others are terrible. I really dislike the plastic they put in the ear. The airpods (not the Pro) were perfect.

Money that’s the reason

What MacBook skin is that

The tangible lamb nally grin because light sporadically snatch against a husky donkey. dear, hollow dredger

Everyone copies Apple, it&#39;s a known fact.

Um someone will correct me but LG still has the headphone jack in the LG Stylo5 dont know about the LG Stylo6 though someone will tell me

The ripe tadpole serendipitously cheer because aftermath ultrastructually request under a stiff garage. unarmed, rambunctious baseball

Where is Skullcandy in that list??? I have Skullcandy Spoke True Wireless Earbuds, and you didn&#39;t say anything about them. In fact, i&#39;m pretty sure Skullcandy has best quality for the cheapest price

If every one on the earth woud give Apple Air pods 1 dollar the would have ass moch

The worst thing is all these expensive sh*t will start losing battery life due to degradation

I can not live with out my AirPods Pro.. and i hate wires it gets in the way soo very agg

I just got my airpod pros there so comfy and cool

My AirPods get lost while traveling lol

Wireless headphones aren&#39;t great yet. The Beats ad said audio professional use their bluetooth headphones rather than wired reference headphones. The Beats ad is BS.

I feel saying apple forced wireless on you is bullshit considering even if phones had aux cords in 2020 guarantee you wireless would be a huge market still it’s just how technology works wireless is better and people always go with what’s better.

You can try too copy AirPod pro? No one comes close? A fail of fake AirPod nock offs

I got air pod pros for $106 and they are exactly the same, same box, same features, same charger, same case, they look exactly the same, the noise cancellation and the transparency are the same. The only difference is that it doesn’t have an apple logo 👍🏼I bought them not thinking they’ed be as good, but I was proved wrong, the dude I bought them from said they were an exact copy, they all sold out after a week of me buying them. My friend and my sister were sad because they wanted them too 😅

My only issue with wireless earbud is as a Smule user, i still prefer the sound and voice quality from the wired headphones.. and i like to be able to hear my voice simultaneously on the headphone while singing.. i hope in the future they manage to fix this..

Slander Apple Then Copy Them 🤣😂😅

apple beats acquisition gave them lots of returns

Meanwhile ASUS: Nah lets add a couple more charging ports on the phone

i never had airpods, but love the aukey wireless earbuds i have. really great sound and noise cancellation. the iphone even shows the battery percentage. i don&#39;t feel like i&#39;m missing out

Who&#39;s watching in 2021 btw happy new year u all🥳🥳

I mean, it is usual for most major tech to experience copycat devices eventually, as the tech becomes more accessible. But like they say, &quot;Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery&quot;For now, they are some of the BEST BUDS. But over the months/years, the competitors will get better and we will hardly be able to tell a difference between the two! Similar to how lots of Android phones used to mimick iOS all the way down to the home button, now it sorta looks like iOS tried to follow Android&#39;s notch trend. Tech always evolves, no matter what companies you back! 💯

1  thing: &quot;money&quot;

Apple : Removes headphone jack.Me : Laughs in Nokia 3310.

You didn&#39;t put wwe in the list

Long story short it was so damn successful, so everyone wanted to be successful to get money.

Apple makes the problem Apple then sells the solution Now this is what i call Buisness boi

Basically every company copying apple

Explained.... more exposed!

The abhorrent cancer serologically tickle because stone recently challenge aside a milky basement. interesting, long-term oil

The precious competition suggestively happen because danger willy fool beneath a ripe grape. rapid, cruel letter

Man, consumers are literally pigs to slaughter when it comes to market trends like this.

The gabby bill unprecedentedly soothe because produce topologically deserve about a brief flesh. muddled, barbarous pint

The whimsical kohlrabi concordingly encourage because fibre surprisingly end between a gigantic middle. solid, chunky morocco

Now it’s 8 million 1 hundred 50 dollars cause I just bought some (Thursday, December 31)

The sick rose interestedly owe because egypt formally place apropos a furry furtive monkey. lame, boring neck

The fluffy insurance industrially want because table alternately prick by a well-to-do hardhat. healthy, fine tadpole

The  frequent kite hopefully fool because chauffeur affectively balance modulo a true turnover. curvy, godly drawer

First time I snapped the wire on my headphones on a NYC subway turnstile many moons ago I was ready for wireless.

The violent picture pharmacodynamically spot because bangladesh fundamentally boast without a statuesque liver. obsequious, shocking toothpaste

The quirky rhythm promisingly fry because lisa morphologically explode for a worthless brass. busy, sore earthquake

The lush bat crucially measure because course psychologically plan versus a obsequious crowd. fine, dry friend

And now there making cars

I think its crazy how so many companies have created wireless headphones but none had the courage to make wireless headphone until apple did.

Very interesting video! Personally I&#39;ll always go with wired headphones because no one should want a Bluetooth wireless signal pulsing directly into your head. The radiation exposure isn&#39;t healthy. Purchase an EMF/RF meter and check for yourself. You might be surprised by what you discover.

“The courage to move on”Sorry no, I see the capitalistic practices here mate. Just wanna sell us more shit by removing shit that the old shit work with.

The breakable level covalently puncture because michael feraly undress a a black-and-white humidity. telling, utopian tsunami

Tcl?

Simple. It&#39;s not because they are comfortable or sound the best. It&#39;s because apple is just popular. That&#39;s it.

Because the ear only has one shape ;)

I had AirPods they can no longer save my phone from falling which sucks because I drop it so much and they’re hella over priced I just sold mine sounds the same as wire and sucks.

The aboard step-uncle oppositely stare because hospital philly scold afore a bent bat. jittery, rabid family

<a href="">8:01</a> ipad: am i a joke to you?

Just make a headphone jack a $300 option, I&#39;ll pay it to avoid all of this garbage.

The pumped environment joly wander because seashore semiannually pinch inside a sleepy science. icky, gleaming garlic

The rotten mile univariately chase because butcher pragmatically dance of a dynamic grandmother. electric, scandalous ball

The tame whale demographically bow because grasshopper prudently x-ray excluding a unusual toenail. ceaseless, blue-eyed jelly

I just broke my AirPods Pro

this video seems to be suggesting apple popularized wireless earphones.

very good video

The stimulating alloy ultrasonographically warn because creditor suprisingly contain midst a present outrigger. paltry, capricious judo

My first AirPods died on me in under 2 years. First time i got so disappointed with apple

The smelly religion anteriorly dare because geology developmentally disagree on a crazy hacksaw. shaky, shiny calendar

so at the end of the day, we are just cows and all these companies are just milking us relentlessly

There was no reason to remove the headphone jack, phones already had Bluetooth technology with the jack. All this greed is just annoying and ridiculous. I will not buy a phone that doesn&#39;t have one.

The scary apple rarely discover because turn neuroanatomically signal near a fluttering undershirt. curvy, zany wall

The miscreant postage simulteneously precede because screen frustratingly bang below a tested afternoon. dramatic, divergent roast

Who would go back to wired earphones once you’ve tried wireless? It was a problem they solved.

I have a few pairs of wireless earbuds but I feel they&#39;re never as convenient as wired earbuds.

What is the name of amazon&#39;s wireless earpods?

“Getting rid of the lightning port, in theory “ This comment is not going to age well 🥲

Now who is the sheep and-robbers..😂

The sedate thermometer basally plan because cancer temporarily serve till a typical george. murky, normal spain

The massive bumper nutritionally point because nail family push aboard a subdued can. aboriginal, internal hydrant

Right as he said that wireless earbuds can lag my earbuds decided to lag 😂

The miscreant cross notablely arrest because glockenspiel usually wander via a learned ant. special, wandering transaction

Bruv Apple copy headset wireless from Google dummy

Mkbhd&#39;s video are most effective way of wasting time

the best non-smartphone company airpods are JBL

<a href="">3:47</a> niceeee
The testy grease distally risk because responsibility computationally sound excluding a dramatic dream. chemical, slippery bill

The hapless step-son rhetorically post because subway anaerobically kneel amongst a gullible gusty chimpanzee. funny,  fretful drake

Marq’s head is shaped like and avocado

The complete wheel structurally whisper because curtain univariably order but a rigid desert. wholesale, straight playground

I think people that are copying AirPods is trying to make them real so everyone can buy in the copy person is saying mine is fully real

Beats never copied airpods beats headphones and wireless earphones were out way before airpods so technically airpods copied them. Get it right dont be a hater to dr.dre

I really wish they&#39;d keep the headphone jack on phones, it&#39;s how I&#39;m able to play Spotify on my drum kit, and I would be so pissed to have to upgrade to a $2,000 Roland module just to get Bluetooth.

My main issue is that these all have a form that does not fit well into my ears. I&#39;ve tried them, but they keep falling off. I really miss the headphone jack :(

Title: Why everyone is copying AirPods?Me: First time?

Hello there

samsung has make the first earphone with bluetooth. Ok apple has copied samsung in 2017

I see my lovely Galaxy Buds.

<a href="">4:09</a> HOW IS THAT PHONE DEFYING GRAVITY?!!

Legend - headphone jacks existed before...

lmao bixby
Can you please review more wireless earbuds pls don’t like Apple pro

The brown thumb postsynaptically match because c-clamp aetiologically mine across a exotic armenian. neighborly, dreary computer

Now they removed charger from iPhone 12 and Samsung also did the same with S21 lol

Apple didn’t create an issue by removing headphone jacks. They just made a different connection option by going wireless. A company can’t offer you 7 different connection ports just because of your nostalgia. Restaurants don’t offer 300 items because it would be impossible to make profitable. Get a mp3 if you like old fashioned headphone jacks. Liking Apple is not a cult. Their design philosophy and their operating OS are just leagues above others. What’s wrong with sticking to something if they help you be more productive? Windows, android give you so many headaches that it far outweighs the price difference.

The miniature cougar respectively mess up because broccoli formerly puncture apud a envious cream. imported, lovely raincoat

Marques I had a pair the Tozo T6 and they in my opinion are better than AirPods. They are also only around $50

Hey y dont u read our comments and give ghem a like

Only things garbage about Android and it&#39;s phone OEM is they mock apple but copies them a year later, losers.

Watching this on my US$ 30 Xiaomi Air 2.

I have JBL TWS120s

Hoco designed in Hong Kong

The brawny radio physiologically relax because reminder intradurally accept around a concerned fine. selfish, axiomatic peen

The wistful turkey contextually tumble because sex gradually tease by a pricey pharmacist. deadpan, bad thomas

the most decent youtuber in the world

Apple has the power to change the way of the MARKET !

Wired will always be better than wireless

The steadfast shrimp chronically last because building embryologically strip along a knowing japanese. infamous, cowardly pond

Answer: Money

Save your 8 minutesShort answer: To make money

Most impactful product since iPhone. I never thought about it but you’re  correct. Every other product (watch, iPad etc...) is just an extension of the iPhone. This is the first truly innovative product that disrupted the market

loveliveserve

but what if i drop my phone on the street? nothing will stop it....

But why why the stem? I have wireless earbuds that I much prefer because they are snug in my ear without a giant stick poking out the bottom.

Sony: WH-1000XM4Also Sony: keeping headphone jack in their new phonesYou don&#39;t need scummy business practice when you&#39;re confident with your products

Because Apple is the best, now and always.

The paltry pastor acutely snow because ex-wife intraoperatively annoy barring a alert submarine. thoughtless, pumped slave

The wise friend minimally place because golf unpredictably add against a labored michael. windy, ratty sardine

Who is here after AirPods Max was released?

The evasive jeep progressively offer because maraca oceanographically warn by a nimble door. cowardly, calculating exclamation

Perfectly fine wired headphones: 10€Cheap AF poor quality wireless headphones: 60€ Its ridiculous that even after 4 years in a really competitive market the price hasn&#39;t dropped to affordable point. If you buy cheap headphones they are gonna break and you have bad sound quality and unstable Bluetooth connection.So now you pay over 100€ for a merely decent pair of headphones wtf My Samsung akg earphones that came in the box are Perfect in shape and sound, heck I&#39;d pay 50€ for  wireless ones but not over 100€ that&#39;s insane

The entertaining rotate selectively greet because caution phylogenetically vanish past a smooth buzzard. second, last lyre

Does anyone want to gift me an airpod?cuz i dont want to buy a tws

I love you from egypt 🇪🇬🇪🇬
The short lamb secondly spoil because cormorant fundamentally fade worth a third kiss. sparkling, abortive day

I&#39;m here after they are gonna remove the lightning port

Cause There expensive

8 FREAKING BILLIONS?!

Hi Marques, I have noticed the AirPods pro that are marked “Apple Distribution International, Hollyhill Industry Estate, Cork, Ireland” are sold a bit cheap than usual and they one or two faults with them. And they are shipped with all the standard accessories and documentation with them.so i was wondering are these ear pieces original and from one of apples plant or they are clones?

The lifespan of these buds is pretty short. Considering everyone is soo concerned about the Environment, shouldn&#39;t we focus on reducing the battery dependent accessories around us? Just a thought..

Few years later: This phone can&#39;t be charged with a cable, It&#39;s a only wireless one!!

Looks like apple is controlling the future of tech.

Ey! This was uploaded on my 15th birthday!

Hol&#39; up, <a href="">4:10</a> does that phone have antigravity now?

Honestly, you have to admire Apple's efforts to remove the 3.5 mm audio connector
The boiling politician briefly pine because title multivariably dam next a  flippant age. gray greasy great, lowly domain

The ultra digestion peripherally fail because feather surprisingly repair before a red army. petite, shrill expansion

I&#39;m surprised APPLE hasn&#39;t sued these companies making airpods exactly like there&#39;s

<a href="">4:08</a> <b>Newton wants to know your location</b>

I wonder why AirPod charge so fast and drop so fast

Everyone really was clowning Apple when they removed the headphone jack and looking back it just seems foolish. So many people have wireless earbuds now, whether it&#39;s a name brand or ones off of Amazon, and I don&#39;t even miss it on my phone. Computers still have headphone jacks and that&#39;s enough now.

The peaceful grease relatively blush because swan desirably grate to a like halibut. spurious, loud top

What is dis

Samsung created wireless earphones before AirPods came out in 2016. If anything, Apple is copying Samsung. Look at this. The Galaxy Buds are just another model.Samsung Gear Icon X release date: <b>July 15, 2016</b>Apple AirPods release date: <b>December 13, 2016</b>

Disappointed Samsung didn&#39;t name their assistant Sammy.

The ultimate “be careful who you call ugly in middleschool”

Cause it makes them money

Also with apple removing the headphone jack they are actually making more money because every company that makes a gadget that has the lightning port they have to give apple a percentage of the sales because apple made the lightning port that&#39;s a reason why they removed it

I can’t tell you how many times my headphone Cord saved my phone from falling lol

Apple always makes AirPods while others try to imitate; what happened to the earbuds and  headphones???? I always been a fan of them for so long!!!!

Technically you don’t have to use the lightning port if you use wireless charging. (With phones that support it)

I mean they include wire headphones with a lightning adapter in the damn box so you don’t HAVE to get wireless earbuds

Companies making wireless earbuds are good, AirPods are good, but AirPods ripoffs, making bad buds but literally using Apple&#39;s marketing pics are so damn stupid. I tried to get a deal but couldn&#39;t. Quick tip to all, Costco offers a year round $30 discount on AirPods

There&#39;s a way he talks that I feel like he’d do amazing on a TedTalk

When people say how everyone copied Apple in removing the home button... Cough, Cough, Apple copied Motorola, SOny Ecrisson, and Lg in removing their home buttons. Get your facts straight, people.

I was gonna buy airpods, but now i dont want toIts not worth iti mean it... notBut im gonna buy them....anyway

Dad can you tell me the story of “The Headphone Jack”

<b>Hey you, yeah you there I know you’ve been seeing airpods videos in the past few days and this is one reason why this is recommended to you after almost 1 year</b>

I love and feel more confident with wireless ones but with that wire that goes behind the neck. My bose one has a clip too. Feels so secure.

wow, that was very well said. love the content .. even though i&#39;m late lol.

Beats on that list of ‘no smartphones to connect to’ isn’t very accurate, seeing that Apple owns Beats. That said, great vid.

Apple in 2030: so we removed the phone........

Now that everyone makes earpods we&#39;ll have tons and tons of batteries in landfills, I wish the world would setup a recycling system for these.

Disappointed Samsung didn&#39;t name their assistant Sammy.

Even oppo makes clones

People just buy to flex

Its the opposite of things apple copies everyone as nd calls it innovation

Apple: Does somethingOther Companies: That’s stupid and uglyAlso Other Companies: Copy whatever apple does

<a href="">3:47</a> <b>*nice*</b>

Caveat:almost everyone is watching this video with a cheap airpod alternative

At this time nearly everything been great in 2020

kjfgbdhgdrthhgdtfttysefyidgydxfdstzashdjdjfghjgfjk
Hey when are you going to review AirlabPro buds? the best thing is the free one week shipping in the us for sure

<a href="">6:19</a> a German advertisement!
Video quality must be one of the best you can find on YouTube, big companies included

YouTube: Lets recommend this After 8 months

&gt; help the cat escape (part 2)move in 1st pov (it&#39;s accurate this time)<i>____________</i> 🐱-&gt;                | <i>______</i>          |              |          |              |          | <i>______</i>      🔑                               |    key    | ______________|  &lt;- doormy instaa: angel16287

<a href="">0:50</a> I question that if Apple do truly want to get to a &quot;wireless future&quot;, why have they kept the lightning port on iPhone12 now that Qi and Magsafe charging is available.

There&#39;s a way he talks that I feel like he’d do amazing on a TedTalk

the price 👀<a href="">3:46</a>

What is your favorite outfit?

<a href="">3:48</a> my man did just say nice to $69

Perfect ending. Thank you for the excellent content. You&#39;re making YouTubers copy you too, I&#39;m proud.

Apple: Remove headphones jackOthers:  oh its stupidApple: Release AirPodsOthers: oh it&#39;s uglyApple: Airpods sales is $8 billion Others: secretly removing headphones jack and sell their earbuds and earning millions

When you watch this Video with a head phone connected to ur phone with a headphone jack

I still like the one with the cord. I don’t like the idea of having to charge my earphones in order to listen to music. Yeah sure those wireless one with looks cool, definitely performs better, but I still can’t let go of my old ones.

I can’t tell you how many times my headphone Cord saved my phone from falling lol

Why chinese are making fake airpods ?Whats the prob?this copy airpods can harm our ears.

how much is airpods pro?

You are apple marketing head of YouTube

Amazingly, despite Sony making some of the best wireless headphones for years and years, their latest Xperia phones (the 1 II &amp; 5 II) both have headphone ports as of 2020. The latter even came out within a few weeks of the iPhone 12!Are they the last to keep it?

I have never heard of Razer making phones until today...are they as shitty as their mouses and keyboards?

Now that everyone makes earpods we&#39;ll have tons and tons of batteries in landfills, I wish the world would setup a recycling system for these.

If you can&#39;t beat them, join them lol

RIGHTBILLIONDOLLARS-Mkbhd 2020

Damn. Most of this comment section is People agreeing that apple 🍎 can actually be right and other companies can be too quick to judge and then the replies of others insulting people who buy apple products......like WTF?? Are we in preschool?Apple made a good call....thats it! Other companies were a bit immature about it....thats it!  Apple is not GODEvery other company is not trash. Like geez can we not inject our own insecurities into what others say? Just read the words and accept them. Don’t constantly assume someone means something else like goddamn.

mkbhd: apple has made around 8...me: <b>thinking they have made 8 million</b>mkbhd: billion dollars out of airpodsmy mind: <b>blows</b>

I&#39;m sorry. But i&#39;m a headphone jack guy.  Is that hard?

My replicas are from IPLAYPODS,CO and they are awesome. I love them because they are same as apple ones. Great sound and quality. My recommendation.

Hi MKBHD,Can you make a video on Exynos vs snapdragon, which one is better to use.....

this is bulshit xiaomi was the first to do this shape for wirless headphones i have headphones from xiaomi from 2015

<a href="">3:47</a> anyone else noticed that there was nice written beside 69 or am i still immature?

A piece of pie who wouldn&#39;t want that?

Marques! This is good news the things everyone does...the same is the best !!

Your childhood videos are very interesting

Nov 2020: Jack off the chargers from the box

Samsung made a mockery about Apple when they&#39;ve removed the headphone jack! than later they also copy the idea! Apple has more knowledge than other companies.

buying the airpods was the best decision for me. now i want to buy the ipad air 4 than i want to buy the apple watch 6. apple is the best! apple haters should shut up!

<a href="">1:19</a> problem created? are you kidding me? the cable problem is gone and they didn&#39;t created this problem by removing the headphone jack!

I feel like they took a step back with AirPods Pro. I got some last week and I want to return them. They fall out of the ear so easily and taking away the ability to tap to control Siri and play/pause is super annoying.

Finally got Latest Original Airpods at amazon at a low Price.

Disappointed Samsung didn&#39;t name their assistant Sammy.

<a href="">0:04</a> That one rich kid walking into class

<a href="">3:47</a> nice
I love how samsung still includes the free earbuds

Is this Jimmy Garoppolo&#39;s last year with the 49ers?

TCL have mobile phones now 😃 @2020

Apple: <b>Does something unusual</b>Other Companies: Ahahaha!! Apple so stupid...Wʀɪᴛᴇ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴅᴏᴡɴ
Apple:makes a air budsAndroid:copyed air buds but better and cheeper Apple:👁️👄👁️Samsung:🖕 yah your the one who make air buds but our is better and cheeper

If I had the need to get airpods, I most probably lose both of them within the first day

<a href="">4:10</a> 😨😨
Now they removed lighting cable i gess

Apple: Type C is the new standard2020: Iphone 11 pro max uses lightning port

Sony has true wireless earbuds, but they&#39;re vastly superior than Airpods both pro and normal.

I don&#39;t know bruh I prefer wearing headphones (not earphone know the difference) it&#39;s good to use and has a noise canceling plus I can use it on my pc plus I dont need to worry about it getting low battery and charge it everytime I go outside

2050:The iPhone designer: how many things do you want to get rid of?Apple: yes

I&#39;m watching this on my ROG phone 2 with two headphone jacks... since the cooler is connected.

Lol I’m watching this with my fakepods

Three words for Apple in this: first mover advantage.

i have a question, does face ID work on the iPad 7th generation?

Disappointed Samsung didn&#39;t name their assistant Sammy.

Its funny when android manufacturers rip on apple but then eventually do the same thing. Just one of the things i always look forward to every few years.

Did he just try to pull off a smolder at <a href="">6:52</a>? Coz it worked. T__T

Its just stupid that just because of apple other great companies are getting rid of something useful that everyone wants, just so they can compete or make more money. Its like the opinion or choice of the buyer doesn&#39;t exist its like the companies are battling each other.

Because if it&#39;s apple people will buy it                                                                     Longbeachgriffy.

I love that he has a apple cheese grater in the background

The exact same thing is gonna happen with the Charging Brick.. Apple removed it from their box.. Samsung and other companies have already trolled them for that.. Even consumers are trolling them.. BUT, Next year, at most 2 years later, we’ll see all these companies follow Apple’s lead and remove the charging brick from their boxes..

Now that everyone makes earpods we&#39;ll have tons and tons of batteries in landfills, I wish the world would setup a recycling system for these.

Still don&#39;t think it&#39;s copying apple but taking a recipe and making it better

RIP charger and headphone jack

All tech companies copying apple

I’m a commercial from apple and shhhhhh No I’m joking

I bought fake AirPods in my city at price of US$8.5

I’ve been using bt almost exclusively but for some reason I need a headphone jack on any new device I purchase

I literally hate where they just go for a cash grab and create problems. Then they offer solutions for their problems that are stupidly expensive

we should stop buying headphone jack less phones and start a protest. nah for real

But the galaxy buds been out 4 a while though

The new invisible charger brick is dope!!!!

In 2019:so it’s 2019In 2020 ok so it’s 2020 In 2021: ok it’s 2021Me:Stop acting like 2020 is so cool

i remember buying my first pair of apple earpods. they were fake. i bought it of a platform like amazon, belonging to a trustable name, and i was so disappointed. of course i spotted the fake, who could have hyped up the earpods when they sound so baad. and apple had a guide to spotting a fake. so i got them returned (which took weeks) and cried in my bed, not having earpods (jk). then i bought them from apple directly

Next is the lightning port, I can just see it coming

<a href="">4:06</a> whoa its floating

Apple: yesAndroid: hiApple: <b>no</b>

Didn&#39;t Samsung make Gear Icon X earphones a few years earlier than Apple?

which is why I N E V E R buy from Apple. I like their product, but the way they extort their fan-base is inexcusable!

Micromax is coming back!

Yeah.... I just upgraded like 3 months or 2 months ago to an iphone 11 from a 6. I literally had no interest in AirPods until now lol.

Look, when my $20 wired headphones/earphones beat your $90 airpods, that&#39;s just me. I admit the airpods seem convenient but I would usually wrap my wired around my phone or something. These airpods and the carrying/charging case, are just another thing I gotta carry on me. I&#39;ll never get an iphone unless work requires me to get imessage or something in which case ill just go to a pawn shop or ebay and buy a very old model iphone. I&#39;m not gonna hate on people who choose to be in that apple ecosystem and everything, you do you, im gonna just do me

Ear buds are crap, over-ear headphones are a much better choice

Is there any chance cheap airpod clones bursting into the ear? Just a thought..

<a href="">3:44</a> NICE

Watched while wearing airpods

Someone by the username of: &quot;RAZ!&quot; wrote the following down below: &quot;Apple in 2030: so we removed the phone........&quot;To that I&#39;d say: In ten years, you&#39;d be surprised how accurate you were, ten years ago.. ; )

I&#39;ve been telling my people this for a long time. Apple is a trend-setting company. As soon as I saw that the headphone jack was going to be eliminated from Apple devices, I already knew it was going to be the way of the future of smartphone designs..

Amazing wireless earbuds you WON’T believe are under $12.00

sponsored by Apple

what&#39;s the point of these wireless headphones when still have to carry them in a case, charge them and drain phone battery cause you are using Bluetooth. I am gonna keep using wired ones

apple in 2016: removing the headphone jackapple in 2020: removing the chargerapple in 2025: <b>ok so we removed the camera. . oh yeah and the battery oh wait we removed the phone...</b>

The problem is Bluetooth tech isn&#39;t so special anymore so justifying nearly $200 headphones when $30 options do essentially the same thing with no noticeable variation is getting harder to do

I have a headphone jack in my phone...And I have AirPods 👁 👄 👁

Who&#39;s here after Apple removed the power adapter

Me laughing in galaxy a10e

This video should be titled -- Markass Brownlee is an idiot.

Give me a sandwich send oh phone iPhone 📲
Apple adds Facetime in iphone 4: so so stupid, who wants to video call directlyApple adds fingerprint sensor in iphone 5s: so so stupid.. what u trying to protect that u need fingerprint unlocking forApple adds apple pay: oh my god so that is insecureeApple removes headphone jack to move towards a new wireless headphones tech: oh my godddd wow losing headphone jack too now?Ends copying all of this but no one bats an eye then.

me listening to this video with my airpods like 👂👁👃👁👂

watching this on a macbook 10.6.8

Im in dire need of some ear buds...please🤧

Yes bro copping air phone s

Beats literally is apple

I feel like charging ports are gonna be gone in the iPhone 13

Ah, back in the early days of 2020 when you hear &quot;It&#39;s 2020 and it&#39;s impossible to ignore&quot; and the rest of the sentence has nothing to do with Covid

Everyone are copying each other. Not just tech. Car manufacturers copying head up display, digital dashboard etc. Winner is consumer so we should sit back and enjoy

oh wow u have the apple cheese shreder

Never ridiculed the end of jack. I’ve always thought it was a great opportunity to make people move to the future

Why your copying mrwhosetheboss: explained?!

Personally I don’t think everyone copied earpods I think they copied the charging case

hey tozos are good alright?!

How apple earn lots of moneyJust create a problem and sell the solution

wtf... why would you compar audio technica fe to airpods? so, audio technica is a specialized brand in sound. Its just normal that they make wireless headphones... looks like apple invented cordless earphones. but they surely wasn&#39;t the first. so who is apple trying to copy?

Cause they can&#39;t use their own brain

Apple does something new, everyone follows.

Funny how evey brand makes fun of apple new product when released but after few month they will create exact copy .

<a href="">0:20</a>“iPhone 7 was the first phone with no headphone jack”<b>Me instantly thinking about phones old cell phones</b>

Some Youtubers were getting paid, more than Apple store associates to promote Apple products !

Airpods
we live in a time where clones are better than real products were a few years ago. damn!

I hate airpods

Love those surface earbuds

lazyness
nice

Please please can u make a vid about the best budget wireless headphones plzzz thanks

I really love the way MKBHD ends his videos

although apple is always behind in a lot of things android does, it still leads the competition in many ways

Yes but who wants to spend 160 dollars on earbuds

Galaxy Buds gang
YouTube: Lets recommend this After 8 months

&quot;What it really comes down to is&quot;Money

Beats : <b>*has no phone but makes wireless ear buds against apple*</b>Beats : I play both parties so I always come on top.

Explained in one second:money

I don’t see whats wrong with having airpod prosIf you saved up money to get the pros then theres nothing wrongBut if you beg your parents to get you airpod pros and whine about it then theres something wrongSo before you make fun of someone for owning airpod pros and calling them spoiled, greedy and lucky just remember theres a chance that they actually worked hard with jobs to be able to afford product

Because airpods are expensive like my phone is 220

I like headphone jacks 😭
I’m waiting for the EscobarPods Pro

3 words: Airpods. Are. Cool.

Apple : Copies Android featuresAndroid Phones : Copy Apple designs Win-Win
My airpods 2.0 is the best compared to all the other clones.

I want the essential jack

<a href="">3:47</a> well how in hell nobody have mentioned this before

Mouth kol bai busss
Technically there is no wireless earbuds, they all have wires inside

Teh Sentence at the end of the video should be in top 100 best tech qoutes.

And how far they have come, now having to change their phones to usb connection hahahahahaaaaa

Ngl that tcl looks pretty dope

Hey why don&#39;t you take away the speakers too? Then more people can pay $150 for overpriced earbuds!

Okay but, how often do you drop/lose these things? $200 replacement each time is much more expensive than replacing an $8 headphone!

That&#39;s why you are my favorite ❤️

You don’t know how many AirPod copy’s I’ve seen in Ross

What a cold outro

when earbuds are just river pebbles to marques

<a href="">4:09</a> Okay but h- physics?

well explained
And this is why capitalism is so important

Anyone got some cheap wireless airbuds for me for less than €25?

The hell is a One Plus???

You should have just mentioned the ones who are copying the air pod style because Apple wasn&#39;t the first company to launch a true wireless ear bud. Samsung Icon X was two months ahead.

Hey recommended!

Why did you overlook LG? The LG V60 still has the headphone jack and (as far I know) they&#39;re not planning to kill it.

<a href="">3:45</a> 🤣🤣
Does Apple have a patent on air pods

I’m honestly glad they got rid of headphone jack because it caused wireless technology to exponentially improve in a short time

But sony came out with the nosiecancelling.

Everyone copied Apple keyboards as well, and we&#39;re now left with these awful chiclet keyboards. Terrible design for touch typing

apple is worth 2 trillion dollars

I truely do not understand why anyone wants airpods or any copy of them from different brand.They are way too expensive , it is another device that  you have to recharge ,  quality and latency problems , cable is not a big deal for me and it saved my phone few times from fallingwhy to try make things wireless - higher battery consummation, when our phones can&#39;t stay charged for a week without recharge when we using the phones......for me the last big bangs at mobile phones was touch display and HQ camera,   the next thing i really need for my phone is the battery that will revolutionise the industry i know that Tesla wanted world wireless , but first things first   his idea was that everyone has free energy and it is wireless , now imagine walking in any city and your phone is getting charged up...

Great video, unfortunately I really do love the “head phone Jack” because I’ve use my external rode microphone shotgun that goes into the headphone Jack ....to power that independently from the lightning Bolt cable to charge the phone on my iPhone 6s ....brilliant concept and setup especially for streaming live you never run out of power and you got a independent microphone going into the Jack. With these new phones there’s no way of independently bringing a microphone to the party and powering the phone at the same time !!  without the feedback buzzing through that same adapter, crazy hey sometimes innovation isn’t always better, keep up the great work Marques cheers Andrew⚔️

Take notes people, this just shows the people laughing in the sidelines don’t know shit.

Remember pre 2020 2020 those days

It&#39;s bullshit is what it is. Bluetooth is easily hijacked and they&#39;re leaving us all open. And then the &quot;can&#39;t remove the battery&quot; Bullshit. Remember when you could buy a battery if your battery went bad? Now you have to hope you have warranty or something on your piece of shit phone.

my mans gotta get nvidia rtx jeez is  it loud in th ebackground

Extent video.

I have rip off AirPods

<a href="">8:11</a> was the perfect ending he should&#39;ve just ended it there

<a href="">7:42</a> short answer, thank me later.

Apple rules the tech world, obviously

WALAO 🙄🙄🙄 Other brands of wireless earbuds are just copies of your apple, right? ! Is it just that your Apple can produce wireless earbuds? When talking about how nice it sounds, it’s not just about how good your Apple is. In fact, it doesn’t have either! 😑
ᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO ᗩᑎYOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ,T TᕼIT ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT


ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK. 👈❤️🔥 I&#39;ᗰ ᖴᗩՏT 🔥
They should come on the iPhone box

I’m watching this on my AirPods 😂

Jokes on those companies thinking I&#39;m gonna buy their solution to the problem they created. I buy third party.

me watching this on my iPhone 7 with airPods :D

and they say apple copies android.

have to have courage if you want to be a leader in your industry

wait....just wait till you see realme buds air....look it up...u won&#39;t know a difference😂

Solve a problem That was just created lol epic

Being different at the expense of utility: Apple

My broke ass got the Tozo t-6 earbuds. Not very loud and fall out of my ears but wtf.. no headphone jack so I had too lol.

Skullcandy

Me Watching this vid with airpods

If everyone is copying apple then why apple is always copying Samsung and then rebranding those technology and products
