Wow katrina Amazing
Katrina Kaif 
Goddess 
This movie was so underrated

All her hardwork went into vein! Katrina is a brilliant dancer  but a pathetic actor..It seems she is in the wrong profession...she could have emerged as a brilliant choreographer like vaibhavi merchant or farah khan..or saroj khan may be! Who knows? She has it totally in her!! but acting is really not her forte..her expressions are too plastic.

Wow Sunidhi C and Shreya G in one frame!

Hats off to their performance for making this flop movie and video songs Sukhi paji, Sunidhi and Ajay Atul are exceptions

Bye 
Just wow katrina

matlab much much much difficulthats of

Plz talk about Fatima also

Ajay atul are just insaeeeLoads of respect and love to them

And actor particulary Katrina Aamir

Wow the team  technicians and singers and designer Thank you for this Artistic  production

Really! Such a grand song

Really! Such a grand song

nora fatehi is nothing in front of katrina kaif specially in the songs of | Thugs Of Hindostan

There is no word to describe my feelings now. Congratulations, this video is great

So sweet of sunidhi mam ️️
Katrina 
Katrina kaif queen of b-town

Hit like for shreya ghoshal.

Best thing in the song is ajay atul

Katrina kaif
Sab milake YRF ko dubadiye ...

Love..love aamir is the best..perfectionist

Aamir khan is the best.... Syper star... My lagend actor... Live him so much

No one is praising shreya ghoshal

Katrina kaif is yrf real queen

3rd class song
All these efforts to make this shitty movie?

Ajay-Atul is today&#39;s Music legend

Why the fuck shreya ghoshal is not speaking in the vdo?? 

Mere nazar mein yeh movie blockbuster hai

Hard work from Katrina and dance master

It’s better,that the dance master,how made this choreography,was did the vashmalle and surriya songs

Manzore_khuda choreography is more beautiful and better than thurriya

The best choreography in hole film

Ajay atul superb
Good

Sunidhi chuhan hats off u

Lov3eeeeeeeeeeeee this song

Katrina&#39;s outfit did not make any sense for this song

The queen of dance Katrina

Shreya di &amp; sukhinwinder singh did the main job...how can Atul sir say that sunidhi ji was awesome in this song?? shreya  di was the best one

Beautiful song...  Everything is soo grand and beautiful from the music, singers, choreography and dancers ... Very nice 

I dont know the meaning of the song but after listeng this song I going to know this about survive, struggle and freedom and then what a wonderfull song, big production... Love from indonesia

It is very very best song

Yes it&#39;s true that katrina kaif is really hardworking and very dedicated towards to her work and no one can take her place....

i dont think katrina only deserve the praise. the WHOLE CREW

ammazing this is nice  a song and dancer good. katrina beauty girl n smart..

K

Shreya+Sunidhi+Katrina u guys killed it 

Nd pls upload thugs of hindostan fulll movie pls....nd ek tha tiger nd tiger zinda hai pls upload these movies...

Pls upload manzoor-e-khuda full song with its video

U r great katrina

Whenever there is a new bollywood movie songs trailer, it is there. Main comments are checked to see how many bashing comments are being made against the movie and songs. If there is any good movie or song then start commenting if you find any mistake in it. It seems to people who watch these log trailer songs only to find their mistakes and make bad comments. Look in the comments box of this song. Instead of appreciating Katrina Kaif's dance, I am trying to spoil the mood of others by making hateful comments about my acting. I am speaking about her acting as if I am a national on acting. The award is still there. Sorry if anyone wins. Now we take care of the comments of Bollywood movies trailers. If any remix movie comes, you will like it, you will not be able to speak bad, you will stop talking, many people will like that remix movie and some people will like the remix of that movie. He said to watch the movie. Ok, it is your choice to tell him to watch that movie but he liked the remix movie, it is his choice to tell. So if you do not agree to their choice then there is no need to lecture them. South makes a lot of movies, Bollywood doesn't make movies. Because South's good movies have a good audience to make them a hit, which like you guys on YT, instead of spoiling the mood of others by making bad comments, they make good movies a hit by watching the movie in the theatre. Another Baath south main has also seen good movies failing at the box office. So this mathematical thinking is that South Main always makes good movies and gets hits. Ek aur baath bollywood ko tum sab copy cat ke banane ke remix movie ke banate hain copy cat hai hu hu hu hu hu hai ki duniya main bollywood hai hu has made the remix. Aankhen kol ke padlo south main has also made a remix. Some bollywood movies south main also do remix, why don't you copy them? Remix word is a difficult word to type or spell, which you all copy cat said. How many people's comments have you seen, how many log comments have you read, while watching the trailer song, listen to the main comments you have read, the number of bad comments has decreased and the number of good comments has increased, and now you are like bashing negative hate comments in the comment box too. It's difficult to check so it's my last comment. I tried so hard to answer those people but couldn't control my thoughts. Just like you give lectures to others, understand this also as my lecture. If someone has no main interest in remix movie, then watch whatever is of main interest to you. There is no need to give lecture against your bashing negative about the remix movie. If someone does not like the remix songs then also look at the math. Those who are interested, there is no need to give lecture to them. Don't speak, just shut your mouth mind your own business. You will save even a little time by doing your work and spoiling the mood of others by reading their stupid comments. People who are making good comments, you are also a log bashing, stop replying to the team, if you are a log that is improving, don't reply and just ignore it. Bye see how many people have come to give me knowledge now
The songs are excellent, I do not care about the ratings of the movie, the movie is great.

This movie is made after a lot of hard work so please understand it and love u katy

GOOD SONGGREAT VISUALS &amp; CHOREO

osm

Nice

Many layers of Suraiyaa, BullshitHuge Orchestra ,Huge Composition, Huge Failure...The biggest bullshit we ever used

nice song
These people r full of vanity .. only praising themselves. How can this movie will work? It’s not for audience but to exhibit their pride.

wow waiting on fire for this song

Outclassed

Katrina looks like goddess in this song

Please ! Upload Full Song Manzoor E Khuda

Amir Khan is best actor hero I am big  fan
Yes, you made my child. babbling
good dance/song but holy shit movie was awful.

But what to say movie is a flop

nice
In the heat of passion, giving up a lesson does not give birth to ignorance, do not forget the Indian history, this is our Indian tradition too, Katrina! The place is the palace, the program is also there, the wisdom of hope has helped - Jalees Bharathi, Moghalpura, Hyderabad -02 TS South India
shreya ghoshal... sukhvinder singh and sunidhi plus ajay atul rocks the song..

yes it is the best song .... atma tak Chuh gayi

Most perfect song that I never listened

Acha chutyapa he is this year's disaster movie
Manzoore kuda full video bhij

Best song of 21st Century ️️️️️and the Composition Made it Possible
Better than the entire movie

Hats off to those dancers who danced in background

Aamir Sir love u 
Hey guys, only thing good in the movie was this song, check out plz I tried it on Guitar- 

PRODUCTION VALUE OF THIS SONG  IS VERY HIGH!!!  GREATEST WORK EVER DONE TO PRODUCE A SONG  along the VIGOR AND STRENGTH OF KATRINA KAIF !!!!  WE must be proud of these artists who bring GLORY to ART and Talent.!!!

Shreya + sunidhi ️️
The one and only female actor in bollywood who can do any difficult step Or dance very smoothly.. Hats off to katrina.. 

Flop song ...submitted in history forever

Thnkgod.not choreographed by prabhudev after seeing suraiya song

Likes for sukhwinder

Poor girl Katrina... how much work has to be done... we are sexy, we are big, we are showing our body, but how many hard steps. Pain.. how bad is this poor girl wearing less clothes in front of so many people... the film industry is still struggling in the theater but it is very difficult this year... you must have heard it from the director and also read it to the poor people.
Why not the choreographer of this song choreographed suraiyaa?  Prabhu sir just spoiled suraiyaa 

I will be a drunkard
OMG look at Katrina&#39;s foot. Was that blood? Poor her

Nice one.<a href="">#everystudentmustwatchit</a>
So much effort but outcome not so pleasing

Hhaahahaha throwing money in drainage.

Don&#39;t watch this movie , it&#39;s time waste

Jsstrr aswmmm
Yepp They work hard ..but they dont think smart ..

the best song

<a href=""> the best song india

2018 ka sabse badiya song Manzoor Khuda Mansuri

2018 ka sabse badiya song Manzoor Khuda

Anand munda

Honestly the song is forgettable . But Katrina s effort and flawless dance... Will never b forgotten . She was the best part of the song and also the film .

Picture I don't need anything
Chutya picture
Osm work Best music Best dance Best singers

katrina acting,dancing skill are outstanding fatima ka utna Acha nhi hai acting aur dance phirta bhi fatima ka film mein zyada scene hai aur katrina ka kam bul shit I&#39;m not agreed this

One like only for katrina kaif

I have been pulling my heart so hard since I said that I have worked so hard in prayer that I have got a huge film flop
Stupid people

All Muslim characters , Muslim song about Khuda but celebrating Dushera which is Hindu festival.  Does not make sense.

This song shouldn&#39;t have been there in the movie. Although it is nice it made the movie look very old like 80&#39;s.

This song shouldn&#39;t have been there in the movie. Although it is nice it made the movie look very old like 80&#39;s.

Huge garbage more like

Yaar kitni mehnat karte hain ye log!

good news for the audience
song bakwas hai

Worst director
no

Ajay Atul is biggest music director in Indian cinema

Har time shreya kyun sunidhi voice also match  for kat0

<a href="">

Katrina dance awesome...wow..kya thumka hai kat ki

Don&#39;t waste your time and money for 1st day 1st show... it wilbe like Dhoom 3 ... no repeat audians ..

Khuda is One . One only Allah. Allahuakbar 

N this song make the movie super

Theek thk

Flop movie...torture worst movie ever
The composition, chorus and scale of the song on the big screen is fabulous and Katrina&#39;s performance is commendable. A treat for the eyes and ears.Also, this is a brilliant workout song!

not so good

You will get the review of this film on my channel.
Quarsing millet
Katrina is so much BEAUTIFUL…

this is gonna be amir&#39;s race 3

What is the reason behind Katrina's intelligence? Aunty has given birth to Aamir.
Wow! Kat is looking so much gorgeous and too much hot to handle in her tiny little outfit. Her dance movements are also unbelievable! I will watch this movie more than once for this song only.

National Anthem Being Indian Master <a href="">#SalaanKham</a> click it
Katrina is the best heroine in the Bollywood.She is the real beauty with hard work and commitment.

Badiyaa hai pr kpop hit ho raha hai today




I&#39;m already in love with this song

Nice songOfficial pintu baisoya follow Instagram page plz all frindes gujjar

Luv u kat....
This movie will give a great competition to Race 3 in stupidity.

Nice Video If you like songs and status then just Subscribe Our Channel.

that&#39; why I LOVE KATRINA

only Ajay Sir

Utna hai nahi jitna hai hai.
Are u going 2 watch thugs of Hindustan? Not me, I’ve already seen pirates of the Caribbean

Really awesome

Well all the best.Awaiting Let the song get release.Deepika Padukone ko beat karegi ki nahi ?

No matter how much strategies they use to promote the song aur movie  I still not feel to download watch aur listen to this song Sunidhi Shreya Sukhwinder are great but something is Missing

<a href=""> href="">Know how to get someone's location or call details from your phone? How to make your own video? How to create your own channel? How to get information about your girlfriend/boyfriend's phone? Every such information will be updated in Hindi on tech engineer channel. <a href="">All the information will be available on this channel. <a href="">For this, do not forget to subscribe to this channel. The contribution of all Indians is necessary in making 100 crore subscribers of this Indian channel. So that the whole world can know our strength. I subscribed, and all Share to: You too should fulfill the duty of being an Indian. Jai Hind Vande Mataram. This is an Indian YouTube channel. Send it to as many groups as possible and don't forget to subscribe.
Katarina Kaif training <a href="">

Shreya Ghoshal&#39;s Voice and Katrina&#39;s Dance 

Fantastic Must be blockbuster film

kat nice to dance hot song is that best Diwali party aa geeee
This lady is getting more and more appealing

I am the only one here who is thinking that for all there &quot;making of the songs&quot; they are creating so much buzz....th way they are praising their work,makes me cringe.

Whatever you make, see it.... If it will be like Dhoom3, you will get the hour.... And this is my loss....
I don&#39;t know who decided to give this song to Shreya. She is 1000% wrong choice for this song! The song should have been sung by Sunidhi alone. And, if it was necessary to have 2 ladies sing it then that girl who sang &quot;Dum Maaro Dum&quot; for Deepika should have been approached. The song will be a hit for the dance number but otherwise, IMO, messed it up by including SG!  Thumbs down!

stupid song
How much hard work do you put in to make this log film?
ajay atul ek no.
I have a feeling this movie will be a let down.

You guys nailed it. Awesome work and effort.

Katrina is  so hardworking love you <a href="">Kat.you</a> are  beSt

She is really elegant

Wish katrina could do this much of hardwork to improve her acting skills then she wouldn&#39;t hve known as the wrost actress in bollywood

MD ALI  MIA

MD ALI  MIA

Katrina is the one and only reason I am gonna see this movie.......who else agree with me....

How much work in item song

Manzoor e khudaHindu ko muslim banadia

Sukhe paji

Iss movie k full songs he relazed kr dO ..... kat love

Just like this Tumbbad Title track by Ajay Atul Amazing

Beautiful song
she dance well,but I don&#39;t like her expression...

Nice

Your are great. Yash sir

I just care to oogle at Katrina. She looks like my gf

Ajay Atul -  Shankar Jaikishan and Laxmikant Pyarelal of today&#39;s era.. both are genius.. only these both are preserving the original depth and beauty of our Indian Bollywood music ..

Wow
its realy best song

Buddhi

Ya katrina ko ho kia kea ha din ba din chureal lagna lag gye ha
Boring song
Mast song
ajay -atul
Noor and God
Awesome  voice great dance Nyc combo Katrina +shreya= block buster

Its kind of &#39;kar har maidan fateh&#39;.....just touch the heart.

I love you kat 
I don’t hate Katrina at all but there is nothing I love about her either...she is not a good actor at all dirty guts..also I can see that she is counting when doing a dance routine..she is very choppy and crappy even after this many years ..I mean any one can dance like this if they were in the industry as long as she has been...just trying too desperately to hold on to an item girl title ...

<b>this november is great for YRF. Thugs of hindustan and zero both is distributed by YRF. TOH will be best grossing movie including overseas.Cant wait to see the film</b>

It would be grossing movie of India including overseas

If there was Akhoy Kumar as special appearance, it would <b>over an epic</b> 

great

Only 2m view in 3days

Amazing how Katrina gets knee pads during rehearsals, but the poor girls dancing with get nothing.  Typical Indian mentality.

Bkws songggg
Item song dancing girl = katrina
Don&#39;t know why but this film will be flop...

Bandal picture
the cast of poc will die after watching that movie.

There are many singers who sing high scale main songs in India, but only Sukhwinder Singh's voice is used. Why is it like this, can anyone tell? To comment??
She look lik a Man...

VERY HARDWORKING
All The multi talented superstars are combine together for the project it is no doubt will be superhitt but also highest grossing hindi movie ever

Nobody beat katrina

I see film 5 times bcuz of beautiful katrina

Katrina queen of bollywood

Katrina looking very beautiful and cute

Looks and sounds like any other bollywood songs ............totally crap..........pile of doggie doo

Oh come on sounds all the same like the millions of songs they churn out every year

navel show is ossum with boob&#39;s

This movie I&#39;ll watch at home

Bakwas

Shreya is superior

What about shreya ghoshal why do not you appreciate her work

It&#39;s her dedication that she has three movies with three khans this year

Aamir and Katrina are my favorite s..but TOH will be big flop

They made so much efforts for making such weird song

Song is not catchy 

Awsmm song... overall xclnt

Shreya ghoshal.. Amazing voice...... I like you so much
Look at the amount of navel in that song!
Love you Amir

Best year for Katrina as her 2 blockbuster movies r coming in...

kat look hot

is fatima sana shaikh even in this movie?

Only Ajay-Atul can do like that

Katrina is <a href="">#baby</a>.

Lol over hyping

Ajay atul sir u r the next noble winner.We proud of u sir

Doesn&#39;t it look like the mummy returns.

The way they worked hard on the song/dance, shd have worked on good script. Definitely film will be a hit.

Katrina is so hard working... salute to her

Love Kat

Same ol same ol ...
Hats off Katrina for ur hardwork

The one and only Katrina kaif

Everything is Good except costume

Zakkash
Top

Katrina Kaif is the greatest dancer of this generation! She is simply superb! Hats off to her for the hard work she puts in!  I can&#39;t wait to see this song on big screen!

Excited

The Reason Why This Song Is Blockbuster...Shreya SunidhiKatrina + Dance....

Sab bakwas.. publicity stunt

Waiting
Overrated. Nothing as such

A historical film...

wow amazing

Great effort
Bollywood ke sabhi actress and actor ko Meri Tara’f se porn industries me carrier banane ka Diwali hungama offer

Katrina apne dance mai kisi bhi other heroies Ko beat kar sakti hai aur unke song par bhi

@PLEASE SUBSCRIBE

Katrina is very hardworking actress.  She&#39;s improving year by year.  See the +ve side and stop complaining on her acting.

Beautiful song
East or West katreena is the best

Who like thugs of Hindustan movie 
Katrina u look hot..&amp; no one dance like u..ur the queen of Bollywood

Yar bas making hi dalte raho...
You all really work very hard...
Katrina is so hardworking

great song
Love you shreya ji
What a dedication all of congratulations i am waiting wow wow

Great

They have put on a lot of effort

awsm hard working ppl god bless u

Just great song and lyrics is so much great and composed is so much great Music is Great God bless you all

<b>Visit On my Channel Click My PHOTO</b>
Ajay Atul Sir Amhala tucha khup  Abhiman vat to...Keep it up..

Shreya Ghosal ️️Katrina Kaif Amir Khan Best song
No one can compete with Kat in dance, superbbb Kat
It doesnt feel like katrina is dancing... It like watching her doing some workout...

Aamir Khan is perfectionist , he shouldn&#39;t have accepted such a useless movie ... probably he must have done it  as a first chance to work with Big B ...I am sure he won&#39;t make such mistake again...

Shreya goshal queen of voices

Katrina is hired only for dance

jap pata tha zero ka trailer aa raha toh q kiya song release na views ha no comments
Brother, my soul's mother's blood....how did the song sing?
One of the greatest movie awesome

katrina ab manzoor-e-khuda per chikni chambaili karaigi not hating the movie, not katrina,not aamir infact love the song and movie but you should have match the costumes with the lyrics.this looks like an item song more than making your god agree or being agree with him.

Sunidhi Chauhan is legendary and fabulous singer...to good..
Komlduvan.
Komlduvan
Most of the comment section is praising only katrina and the hard work done by her but you all are forgetting this wouldn&#39;t be a masterpiece if all the crew haven&#39;t came together and worked hard. So credit goes to all the TOH crew also as well.  <a href="">#justmyopinion</a>

super se uprrrrrr .....love u kat
Kat b like..  Mujhe naachna hain bc 

Wow! Yaar Katrina
katrina mam, you are dedicated person, hardworking person....your movies will blockbuster in 2018....

Shreya Ghoshal
Looks like a copy from 60s movies

Katrina &#39;s dance superb amazing hot......
All time hit song hogi

Isko har movie me ek show piece ki tarah kyu rakhte hai. Ya to fir ek item song ke liye.

Gajab

:&#39;(

Telugu Dhee judges

Love Kat️
No one can sing without God... bollywood jihad
HEL ME  DONATE  PLZ 10K..

LOVE U KATRINA,ME TO VIDEO SONGS KA WAIT KARAI HU KAB SE SURAIYA KA OR MANZOOR E KHUDA KA,LOVE FROM PAKISTAN
Pirate of the carabian.

Nice superb beautiful

Katrina is the best dancer

My name is suraiya.who else???

Wonderful
People ridicule Katrina for her acting But what theu dont see is how hardworking this girl is!

this song will be fabulous, I really appreciate it, and katrina dance is fantastic

TOH  comparing to POK because of the similar ship (18th century sailing vessels with mast controls) on an Indian screen. They are not aware, on those days, this type of ship were mainly made in Kerala&#39;s Malabar cost. Arabian traders were selling it in European market.There was an era of awesome sea fighters in Kerala.The legendary Kunjali Marakkar and his three successors..Marakkar 2, Marakkar 3 and Marakkar the 4th, were the leaders of a group of sea warriors appointed by then Malabar ruler King Samoothiri. They fought with India&#39;s first sea invaders, Vascodagama and his Portuguese army, almost 100 years on land and sea. As per historians, there were almost 50 to 60 naval battles between 4 Kunjalis and  Portuguese army lasted almost 100 years, during 15th to 16th century. There were four major Kunhalis who played a part in the naval battles  with the Portuguese from 1502 to 1600. Of the four Marakkars, Kunjali Marakkar II is the most famous. Finally the invaders had to leave Malabar cost and eventually India. Kunjali Marakkar was the first officially appointed navy captain of an Indian ruler. Honouring to their bravery and sacrifice indian Navy named India&#39;s first war ship as INS Kunjali.it was in news in Kerala recently that renowned director Priyadarshan is planning to make a movie based on Kunjali Markkars life (mainly incidents from Kunjali the 4ths life) with Mammootty and Mohanlal as lead actors along with some Chinese actors and it will be the expensive Malayalam film ever. Just Google Kunjali Marakkar

Shreya&#39;s singing 
Imagine if deepika is doing this

sale drugs hahahaa.
Budget of the movie?

KATRINA IS FOR DANCING  AND GLAMOUR IN BOLLYWOOD ...NOT FOR ACTING .AND SHE IS GOOD IN DANCING

Wow Katrina is very hard working person 
This song lyrics hurts Muslims...May Allah&#39;s wrath on all of u

Sunidhi s voice is justttttt powerful what a range...Take a bow mam

Curse you all
Her dance 
Ajay-Atul! Are they from this planet?

Where is Sherya Goshal ?????!!!!

So much for a song! How much is involved with Indian movie songs!
Just do it bhai etni making had h yr had h.
Loads of practice 
Esa gana jo ab sunai nahi deta hai Samjhnaa tha na kyu nahi sunayi deta  seriously Thugs Music Unexpected Don't Like
a lot
can&#39;t wait to watch ds movie .... only only bcz of Katrina Kaif

Love shreya goshal voice!!!
Manjure God kyu nahi.. Islamikaran of bollywood
Tashan failed movie ka land director. Paisa wapas kar..Katrina career finished.

Abbh buddhi hogai hai... she must stop doing this

It&#39;s a mixture of sadness,energy, happiness, guilty feeling at the same moment! It&#39;s just pounced the fuck uot of my soulLegendary Song it will be <a href="">#Bestwishes</a>

While she is dancing... It&#39;s like a visual treat.... Oh my gosh... Such a terrific dancer she is...

Sukwinder singh ki aawaz or Katrina Kaif dance amazing

What do you love God...Now I have become ZERO Your King.
Katrina kya mal Hai..... Super Sexy..... Looking gorgeous
Thugs were kaali worshipping tribes according to the sources Not allaha worshippers

Sunidhi Mam And Shreya Mam together???

Katrina is the best.

Such a good dancer in Bollywood

Katrina Jaise hot Hai Unka song love you Katrina
Ajay Atul.. making Maharashtra and Maharastrain  proud in world level...

No matter how much you talk and promote...the movie is a flop.
Bht.bakwas lag rai h katrina but song acha h

Best girl.....just perfect

People who keep on saying that Katrina is talentless and is not worth what she has achieved so far should definitely watch this video.

Along with the heroine others are also hardworking to make it perfet i like everyone who worked for it 

Mr. Mite Hum on Kat's innocent face
nice. .....I love katrina. ...

Kat is very hot cake good job

Are we making a movie  or a music videos.

Are mere bhaiyooon movie release hone toh dooo,,after release upload these makings.....

Ajay - Atul 
nyc song

I hate Katrina... fucking hate her..
She is very hard-working girls not Deepika

Love you Ajay Atul 
Nyc

Nyc

Wow beautiful.............

Amazing hard work

Why she always plays such roles.I think she is weak in acting

Weird dance 

Kat is a angel 

Best music by Ajay Atul

This is how this beautiful work should be composed and performed. Congratulations.
Katrina is so pretty and best love you Kat

Nice

Katrina's naked dance in theaters near you soon.
Only Katrina can make this dance moves possible! Thank god we have Katrina in indian film industry!

Hope we too like it..as sometimes simple songs get remembered for longer thn these biggies.

Nice

Don't tell the song
Chuteya video but song is best

how to make public chutiya..Bollywood knows that better than anyone else..time waste movies..

Wtf only making of song where are the songs

OMG ! Katrina mam you are superb dancer 
Classic type of numbers thugs of hindustan

Bichara Producer yar.....Tu toh luti gayoooo 
Love <a href="">#katrina</a> 
lots of hard work by katrina # superwoman

Lawda jaisa song hai story nai toh baaki sab cheezonko bada chadake promote karrahe h... appreciate the hard work but ye sirf chutia bananeka danda h asli me kuch nai rahega dekho

This movie will be a blockbuster...who is already waiting for it???
flop you have
Be the 809th person to comment 
Useless item song in short

Who is Kat's fan????
Best Katrina supar dupar hit dancing with you and song very very good love you

I think haters ki jal rhi h Katrina Ko dekhkar

1 nb..
This song is going to be blockbuster because of Katrina Kaif we love you

Just love everything about this song..  <a href="">#yrf</a>

So modern..

The expected thing that I see in such historical films,I try to find somehow that real natural look,things having genuine background, antiquity.But I saw no such elements in these scenes rather it is newly smooth ,prepared and extravaganza no correlation that thought to be really had at least exist in history..

Ajay atul ...wow wat a composition...

sir you are doing really a great job......we Indians need you.......thank youfailure is not the back of success it is the part of success.

Wow

Nice

Very very excited to watch movie

Movie flop honay wale hay.

Wow

Katrina all time super

Or koi song nhi mila ghatiya dence ghatiya song I hate song movie is gd box office for him movie
Aagaya again se chutiyapa lyrics... Mashallah... shukran allah... Noor e khuda... Khuda jaane.. Allah kasam.
Katrina to katrina hai boss's itna struggling sab hai bandi ke pass talent khoobsurati sexy fighter fir bhi ese kuch nahi aata aise kyon bolte hai hears
After watching this video my respect for kat is increase now

Love you friend
Ever since they released the teaser, I watched it on loop :) In fact all the 3 songs!!! This is one of those movies which will absolutely look gorgeous on the big theatre screen!All the people who are crying POC copy, please don&#39;t watch it! This movie shall be a treat no matter what!

good

Only for kattttt believe it or not

This film feels like uchi dukaan fika pakwaan
I don&#39;t like this song but chroghrapy is very good and   U Katrina 🇧🇩

Ajay-Atul sir great music director... awesome

I feel sorry for Katrina. Her stint in Bollywood consists mainly item songs. Unfortunate that she&#39;s old now and her time is ticking.

Nothing to watchable except katrina

Jise lagta hai ki katrina sirf dance ke layak hai acting ke nhi to hum batna chte hai ki katrina ne  namastey london,tiger zinda hai ,jab tak hai jann ,partner sing is king , welcome jasi kai filmo ko hit karya hai jab akshay sir ki movie flop ho rhi thi wo 2008 se 2010 tak sabse jyda google per search hone wali actress thi aur ab 2018 ke badd sab uske samne fhir se feeke padne wale hai jab thugs of hindustan,zero and bharat jasi movie dekhge aur dance to kat jasa koi kar hi nhi sakta .

This director makes dhoom.3 with illogical scenes.. lets see what happened for t.o.h

She always depanded only big starWithout khans She is a fiop herionBar bar dakhoJagga jassosFettor all fiop movies

one of the best song in this year
Ajay-Atul, Shreya Ghoshal, Sunidhi Chauhan, Sukhwinder Singh &amp; other musicians made it musical masterpiece!

Kat ️️️️
What piece is Katrina Saali solid food?
Kaitrina is so so hardworking

Everything is awesome But I THINK the costume of Katrina is really weird 

Wao

Love u shreya.. wow u too good and ur my favrt.

Katrina is the most epic dancer

When glitz n glamor take over melody n novelty...

Katrina ke name ke niche actor likha hua aata hai, ab dancer  likha hua aana chahiye/like if u agree
Omg. Katrina nailed it.

Mashallah song is best mja as gya lovely.  Super  
song from god's name
You have posted so many videos, if you put the whole picture in parts till you have seen it, then you can masturbate.
Kat 
Oh my god ....Congrats sunidhi for a cute toddler

All hail to Sukhwinder Singh sir ....

Too good man, unbelievable
top free minnig sit@t

Full masala movie bnadia sb mix krke jiska reality se koi link nhi, ye amir khan ko end mei aise he movies krni yhi to ye saal mei 1 movie ka natak kya tha

Kat you are out standing

Wow

Energetic  and beautiful dance by katrina

I made a song to make God's name famous.
Besharam Halkat Sing Hai
How hard do you work?
Amir khan fan hit like
I love this song

It&#39;s OK.

The song is sweet but Katrina is hitting it.
super

katrina is legend
lata and asha of this generation in this song

Katrina is a sexy hottie every day.
katrina ne dance m mehnat tho bohot kari h . Ab dekhna h acting m..

Your hadworking deserves a big like
I think there will be nothing worth seeing in TOH other than this item song. These guys are promoting this song so much, makes me think content of this movie is weak.

It sound likeEK TOH KAM ZINDAGANI.. 

Ghatiya

Legends....
Songs in 80's Bollywood feel aa raha hai...like Laila Main Laila and Pyaar Do Pyaar Lo...
Amazing
Why did she had to wear a glorified speedo?

Bakwash dancing by Katrina

No byte of the person who wrote it?  where is the lyricist?

Kat dance is mind blowing but movie that made by Amir khan is worth less to watch...

Sunidhi and Shreya Ajay Atul has nailed it

Katrina costume is not perfect

Thugs were Ma Kaali worshipper. converted muslimo ko please karne ke liye history distort karna malicious hai.

Fantastic song

Bhahubali is making so many copies that he is making copies...! Do it with something new...!
Katrina  haay mar jawa 
bkwas

Flop heroine

she is amazing dancer just pure perfection

abe yrr songs poore release kra nhi re .............aur making choohtate hi daal de rhe h

Average song of the 80s. What&#39;s the big deal?

Desperate marketing ?

Not intrested in Katrina...Came here only to watch and listen Ajay_Atul

Is this a muslim song? The outfit, the words in the lyric, the entourage, everything breathes muslim. I thought this film was about Hindustan. Where are the Hindus in this picture?

All these music composers are talking about how this song is the best, soulful and the most grand and all that...but trust me it would be nowhere without Katrina&#39;s dancing and screen presence. SHE made it grand.

It&#39;s great to see such kind of effort but this song didn&#39;t click to me.

I am here for Kat

OMG!!! Shreya and Sunidhi together with Sukhwinder It&#39;s gonna be a treat to ears
Not even a single mention of Shreya Ghoshal (except for a single clip and the thumbnail)!! Wahji!! Kamaal

the first reason that i will watch this movie in theatre is Ajay-atul&#39;s music.

There is freedom for sin, there is punishment for it, now it will happen where it is impossible for God to do so.
Ki sharam karo yar manjure khuda boll ko hot song banathi hin amir khan hero its no good
Guys please check out my YouTube channel for international supplements reviews

Why do I get a vibe that this movie is Indian version of the Pirates of the Carribean !

Love you aamir
I have to sing Jhatau
Nice

biggest hit song of the year..

Yr ye director toh dhoom 3 waaala hai na

.chor

Sunidhi chauhan and Shreya Ghoshal came together again after so long... 

thanks to god im lucky that I got chance to work in this song manjure khuda..with big star

Ajay =Atul Rock&#39;s
ketrina kef over acting

Kitni mehnat kr le ye katrina par thik se hindi bolna is janam me nhi seekh payegi.

Nowhere in this video hav u brought shreya ghoshal .... To speak though she has done a wonderful job .... She is undoubtedly giving the special audio sensation to the song and here she isnt shown ....

wow Kat made this MV live

Lauda composer.... Missing Jatin-Lalit.
katrina fans hit like
Everything looks perfect in this song. Hardwork pays off. A treat to watch.   8 Nov.

You are not ashamed of dancing like this in the name of God.
I feel the movie won&#39;t be that good.. so much heavy promotion by releasing behind the scenes videos.. you are not leaving any secret behind. Now I know how this song will open..with the flags sliding away.. there will be no fun in the theatre.. you r ruining the fun of the movie..

SUBSCRIBE FOR LATEST VIDEOS

Ajay+Atul = Great Grand Music 

Hatts off to Katrina kaif....how hard working she is omg ..she can really stay in England as she is brithish citizen but her passionate for Hindi films nd her hard working in the industry really appreciated ....

I think Sunidhi&#39;s part is gonna be groundbreaking..that&#39;s why they&#39;re not revealing it in the teasers .. shreya as usual NAILED it.. can&#39;t wait for the movie. Whatever people say about her Katrina undoubtedly works very hard especially in the songs

Katrina 
The craziness of the movie was gone.
i don&#39;t like the Katrina&#39;s dances ...

Fuck, her knees bleeded just to make that move and she managed to look very beautiful in the same time. Ah Katrina. Good job. 

Bahut accha song .....laich bhari....I love that

It is just a hike to promote film....and by the way...atuls music  could be talk of the show not kat.

Exotic song by Yrf 

thx to show us how Sanjay bhansali works hard in every song 

Unbelievable A Big Thums up For YrfWe Are Waiting That Time When Release Thugs Of Hindustan

Really a hardworking person Katrina hats of to u

Where&#39;s sunidhi&#39;s part.....??

WTF......is this neccessary to make every making videosala release a song, what did you do as if you were singing a song, you like this song.
Wah I&#39;m really excited..Sab kuch zabardast hai....New and fresh lyrics, Ajay Atul music, &amp; best singer, choreography, Katrina Kaif, cinematography, aur kya chahiye ek Bollywood songs se... After lots of faltu copied , re-make bakwas song ke Baad sayad kuch aacha dekhne Ko mile...waise bhi Yash Raj ke songs fantastic hote hi hain....&amp; Best of luck for thug crew...And I&#39;m big fan of Amir Khan... And hoping that satayamav Jayate ka Naya season aaye ... Amir Khan is not only a great actor he is fantastic as a person as well

she rocks

Katrina Kaif once again prove that she is best dancer ️🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Hindustan
Flop hogi movie
They keep making the makings of every making.

Kya chutiyapa hai..chutiya songs kyu rahe hain kyun mehna mehnaat kyu rahe hain…much mehnaat kyu karo mein making the action scenes like Hollywood style action..
This song is like  Arabians night dances

It is katrina who took it to another level. The background music ️️

It will be one of the biggest flop bollywood has ever faced

The filth of those making films has spread a lot in the name of Muslims. By making such things, the dirty people will take the name of God.
Katrina, you gave your soul to this song

Itna BC song ha

WHAT A FIGURE

Katrina is heavy boned

Sounds like a bond number

hard work pays off well done 

Koi gaana lyrics wise acha ni h is movie m..

Phenomenal job cool  love from Pakistan

Awesome

Everyone behind the scenes should get as much credit as Katrina kaif come on guys

Eager to watch ... all the best katrina ... and best song give bollywood ... 

<b>I Don&#39;t Like It Aamir Khan!</b>

Turkish subtitles please
Hit like for Ajay-Atul

Wow!!This is making me more curious to listen the song

How much more suspense is there when the film flops and if it does not go into its circle, the teaser of each song has been released to keep the viewers interested.
Main problem of most of the big starrer bollywood cinemas... focusing on other nonsense things rather than building up good storyline...the trailer itself shows stupid action seq ..not quite promising

The full video of even a single song of this picture has not been uploaded. I don't know what you want to suck.
Ajay Atul Great.....
<a href="">2:26</a> after listening dhinchack pooja song.

I love Ajay -Atul
Ajay Atul bhaari kadak Marathi films chi vaat pahatoy tumchya
SHREYA 
Shreya Ghoshal ️
Chikni chameli..ctrl c ctrl v

love u kat
Owsome song very nice

Making of manzoor e khuda ,MO Souriyaa  ,Destroying ships ................. YRF ko ab next dalna chaiee MAKING of whole film 4.5 hours kaa 

Hit like for kat

This movie will be epic fail

Hit like for ajay-atul...

No matter what u think of Katrina as an actress but as a dancer, she is the best. She kills it every time, every song, every dance and this one is EPIC!! I cant wait to see the whole video.

this movie is a mess there songs there trailer and it looks more like amitabh bachans movie... and a copy of pirates of carribean .. even there logo

It takes big effort and we reject it dejectedly.

Yeh sab thik hai but gana bakwas hai

Just wowwwww 

They did so hard work on this movie and coriografe is awesome 

Sukhwinder paji shaa Gye...
amazing fabulous fantastic love you Katrina u r the best for this no one can beat u in Bollywood industry u r just amazing beauty and talent 

Ayn Hyn
There is something different in Sukhvindar's singing.
Awesome

Katrina just only actress who can do anything I love her respect for her my favorite actress katty love from Bangladesh

This song is really so power ful

Only Katrina ...

You can Like her dance or you can disLike her dance but you can&#39;t ignore her dance...     Amazing dance moves..
Really very energetic song n special thanks of rythm section they are fabulous n making a history in music

I feel like a new Bollywood music composer should learn music from Ajay-Atul. Who agrees with me?
Hats off to Ajay Atul !!

What a dance

Superb 
salma khan alvye knib3k
There is no dum in the movie, that's why all this has to be done.
Whether Katrina is a good actor or not, is highly debatable... But is she hardworking? A resounding, YES SIRRR!!!

Amazing as usual

terriffic ........amazing ...peak performed by katrina......n terriffic choreography .....eager ...to watch....

Sooo amazing dance katrina and also sooo awesome song lyrics and shreya amazing totally 
Love Katrina&#39;s dance 
Damn kat damn girl... Luv u kattu
You can already tell the touch of Ajay Atul bhai in the music. They are undoubtedly one of the best composer pairs in today’s Hindi music times. Screw the likes of VS, SW, or anyone else AA bring the old school charm back in their compositions which everyone else should learn of. They remind me of LP, SJ, and so so many other greats of our country. If you let go of your roots you have nothing to hold on to. Shat Shat Naman Ajay bhai Atul bhai 

Shreya, your voice has given me the song.
Katrina&#39;s the best in everything  Her acting , her dance , the expressions , that grace , she&#39;s the best  Love you forever life  She&#39;s a hard worker as well as a smart worker n that&#39;s why she&#39;s unique n the best  

Osm
Wow...  Amazing... 
This is only because of Katrina kaif.No other actresses could pull this off.

Shreyaji  sunidhi ji 
kat u r the best

Hats off to entire team! A special kudos to Katrina for all her hard efforts in dancing.

Kat you are my best

not main bolo
This is why katrina is a  super star. Her hard work is really inspirational. All katrina haters ke liye muh thod jawab.

Best dancer angel Katrina dancing  queen 
Who had goosebumps on hearing manzur e khuda in sukhvinder&#39;s voiceRespect to each person who made their contribution in this epic song

I don&#39;t know why as a true cinema lover i don&#39;t find any sync between the various  film making departments like screenplay , story , cinematography ,acting  in such big budget films of bollywood and thugs of hindostan looks like such a movie from the promos and advertisements...

Who is saying she dont knw acting..just lukk at tiger zinda hai...now thugs...or kl bhai zero ka aa rha h...ye deepika log to katrina ne jo movie reject ki jaise...ram leela...ye jwani h deewani...chennai xpress...bajirao mastani...kr ke top pe aayi...ab fir se katrina ne apne career pe dhyan diya h us idiot ranbir ko chhor ke...queen is back

Wow ️ Super ️ Fantastic  1St️️
They re vry clever using katrina&#39;s beauty &amp; dance to promote their movie...if u guys hear anything no one talks abt aamir...amitabh or fatima...only abt katrina...bcz she is vry gorgeous

pay loan after 10 days in bill gates bank who are playing with food and water and eg coke and who are stealing money from my bank ac so pay loan and who have shot me and broken rod on me so pay after 10 days in bill gates bank ac and bill gates has to pay after 10 days in his ac if he has done any crime with me than how england is taking loan from india commonsense

Let wait for the movie and see I don&#39;t expect much.

hindustaniyat of hindustan?? or are you showing Pakistan's Pakistaniness?? India approved by God??? भेंचोड
Ajay atul&#39;s composition
they are telling this dance like it is historic and special. and there is no special about this song same style music&#39; bollywood never do different just copy

backwash song

ar those thugs were muslims?? or father of aamir khan

Ajay atul fan
nice...song and creation best

Amir Khan ️️️
best

Ajay-Atul Always Rocks.....
human Pyramid or illuminati Pyramid anyways lovely effort you guys have putted in making of this song i loved it and looking forward to this movie

Aamir almost gave away the climax by saying that there are layers in this song and Katrina has the first layer. Which clearly tells Aamir and Fatima are going to come along to rescue Khuda Baksh here :P.

Gane nikalogea ki kahali teaser or making hi nikalogea

Best Ajay Atul music
Y make it so complicated?? Its an item song.. A good one of its kind! Tats it!

Katerina ko voice match nahi hua

Asm

Hot Katrina darling
It&#39;s such a heart touching song the performance of suraiyya is speechless so hard to dance  Every scene her presence made it even more beautiful

love you kat

Hat&#39;s off to the <a href="">#QueenyKaif</a> for her performance and dedication level  when it comes to Dancing no one could ever match her level..... She&#39;s the <a href="">#Goddess</a> of Dancing  the amount of hard work she does is unmatchable  She owes all our respect and love...... N thnx a ton to <a href="">#Sunidhi</a> maam,  <a href="">#Shreya</a> maam,  <a href="">#Sukhwinder</a> sir,  <a href="">#Ajay</a>&amp;Atul sir for gifting us with this amazing tract....... This song literally gives me goosebumpsThis movie is gonna b the greatest movie of all time...... It&#39;s gonna break all records and take the box office into storms  Definetly gonna watch the 1st day 1st just for <a href="">#MissPerfectionist</a> <a href="">#KatrinaKaif</a>  luv u a looooooooooooooooooooot to the power infinity <a href="">#Mylove</a> <a href="">#KatrinaKaif</a> Thnx to team <a href="">#TOH</a> and YRF...... <a href="">#YehDiwaliHogiThugWali</a> 

Nice

superb song
Ajay and atul great work and all team TOH

Shreya Ghoshal has nailed it!

I love katrina Kaif more than any other actress because she is hard working n sab ne ye admit kiya hain!

Its Egyptian fashion like Cleopatra please try to fame yrs fashion culture

Katrina dance supper hit

Here before 100k views!️
Katrina is really the best dancer in Bollywood Nora,Jacqueline, Scarlet take notes

Sukhwinder Singh is fab,awesome,and have iconic voice

Shreya always rock
love for katrina

katrina just wow...

good food is not made by spending money
Toh ki story is open.nothing is in there.kranti movie dekhlo

Remember the 90&#39;s era movies, there used to be an energetic song just before the climax. This song reminded me of that time. Movie is grand and so is the music. It Would cross 500 cr. In just domestic.

What song is Ajay Atul and sade music director k music is low standard today kl to ar rahman k v music down h.
I love kat

Suuuuuupeeerrrrrbb
I.lovekatrina

I am gonna watch this movie on first day but at HOME by downloading it from Torrent and not wasting my money for this Shit movie.

Thank u YRF.........This movie is destined to break each and every records

This is an album which will slowly get into your playlist and is going to be termed as masterpieces even after a decade later!!You won&#39;t instantly like any of it&#39;s songs and  that&#39;s the best part about it!!Because songs that are instantly liked can be easily forgotten as well!!The album would be heard and listened to much much more, after people watch it unveil on the big screen!!Can&#39;t wait for <a href="">#TOH</a> anymore!!

Song like Love triangle revenge <a href="">#TOH</a>

It is guaranteed that this song gives the best playback female to Shreya...how is she able to do every song so perfectly!!!!!

<b>Shreya  Ghoshal&#39;s Moments 6 second &amp; 43 to 49 second</b>

Hit iT

Shreya Ghoshal Sunidhi Chauhan Sukhwinder Singh voice Powerful Katrina dance ossam
Combination is 

Work 
Katrina
They are keeping Aamir&#39;s part of the song a secret?  I think Aamir and Fatima are also in the song.

Shreya and Sunidhi together epic

Wow Katrina love you 

Katrina Kaif you&#39;re amazing. God bless you deary.

nice

Magical moments: <a href="">0:06</a>, <a href="">0:42</a> because Shreya Ghoshal was there...Love her...also kudos to Sunidhi who came to record after a delivery...and she has sung too well... both of them together always is magic...love both (though Shreya more)

Baba returned, the beautiful doll died, Angana's feeling was also there, Imli's world also died, Chandi's pain was also there, a ring was in my hand, it was a joy in my hand, the nature of laughter is human, it is proud of every sorrow, today I will continue to love the gathering on your show, if you don't divorce me, this woman will not be able to live with her body, Manzoor- e-KhudaManzoor-e-KhudaAnjaam will happen to us who areManzoor-e-KhudaManzoor-e-Khuda (Manzoor-e-Khuda)Manzoor-e-Khuda (Manzoor-e-Khuda)Noor-e-KhudaHo four days have been illuminated by the broken stars. This is the slavery of the body, the soul is free from the limit. If we do not divorce the body, we will not be able to live with this person. Manzoor-e-KhudaManzoor-e-Khuda, the result will be for us who areManzoor-e-KhudaManzoor-e-Khuda (Manzoor-e-Khuda)Manzoor-e-Khuda (Manzoor-e-Khuda) )Noor-e-KhudaBaba has become illuminated by the fallen stars, Mother-in-law has returned, Angana's childhood also died, The pain of Chandi too was not fun, The first time I heard God's approval, but Friends, after 2-4 times I heard God's approval....Kya song. hai...Saans atka ja raha hai words sek nikalne liye...Saans atka de ne waala song Fan ho gaya yrf music ka...Thanks AjayAtulshreya sunidhi sukhwinder sir mam.Comment and like....
Copy song
Omg hats off to Katrina kaif her dedication and hard work make this song so spectacular and fabulous !!! And off course the background dancer singer all  done great job in this song ...!!  huge and charismatic visualisation clearly shown in this song ️️️️️ ...love u Katrina

Bokas hai

Totally loved it

Sunidhi Chauhan
Katrina will you marry me

NYC...

OMG

This dress is not good katrina..... sorry.....

what have you made ajay atul
Iss saal sab zada dhamal karegi thugas of hindustan  or isske gane dono

Katrina lover hit like

Sunidhi was holding a baby? When this happened 

Subscribe my channel minnath mnt and press the bell please don&#39;t be miss a video of racing

KAR MEHNAT KHA NEMAT MANZOOR E KHUDA

kadak gana
She is just used as an eye candy in this .......

Amazing Kat
These heroines have to work so hard that they are breaking their knees because they don't know what acting is because they don't know how to appreciate someone's hard work.
Shreya Ghoshal
how hot are you??? It has started today... Love you Katy..
shreya ghoshal and sunidhi chuhan fan hit like
It&#39;s really amazing song.....Katrina &amp; all the entire team doing so much hardwork for this

Shreya Ghoshal
suhki paji+ ajay,atul what a music !!!!!!!!!!!!

It&#39;s too gooodddd lovely   
I dont know why Indian fans hate Katrina... In this song, Katrina has given such a true or fiery expression, then in the log we say that we are expressionless... Because Deepika or any heroin gave such expression to the log uski chaatne lg pdte bc hdd hi h logo ko overacting m jati jati h but kisi ko ko praise karna ho to unki ftt jati h
Katrina is their only to dance no acting

Before a million 

amir khan fan hit like
Really em impressed Love from 🇵🇰🇵🇰

shreya ghoshal and Ajay atul fan hit like

shreya ghoshal and Ajay atul always best.

shreya ghoshal is a great singer.

She is chosen for dance not for any character play

Ajay atul 

Kat se jyada mehnat koi nahi kar sakta Kat is the best I love you my kat

awesome everything ..

The Legends have come together for this song. 1) Katrina Kaif2) Shreya Ghoshal3) Sunidhi Chouhan4) Sukhvinder Singh5) Ajay - Atul

Nice

Aamir Khan Fans Club Indonesia

Awesome Video 
Who else think that this song also release on youtube not only in cinamas like surraiya

Hats off to the work of kat,amir,fatima,shreya,sunidhi,sukkhi paji,ajay Atul

One of the Best from Ajay-Atul

Sir, I will also get a chance to sing the song in this film, please send me your number please sir.
Just wao

I love song
Next video Thug of Hindustan ka bej ga
Song is flop..but kat blockbo

ajay atul ajay atul ajay atulajay atulajay atulajay atulajay atul one and only ajay atul

History will remember Katrina rest kayamat

ajay atul music great

katrina dance
Fantastic i,m so exciting this movie

Brother, who listens to such a song in today's time?
<b>Hit like for music director Ajay atul</b> 
Only Udit Narayan is true for Aamir Khan, brother when will the era of 90's end?
Worst tune composition but who cares when you have katrina kaif in the songAmazing effort by katrina

salman khan is happy
Amche ajay atul

Here because of kat

Wow fabulous

Katrina

making q dal raha hay video song kab Dale ga
Good

There is nothing wrong with Katrina's own identity, she has turned into Salman's model, yet she still has such an attitude.
nice

I am big fan of amir khan but Katrina is in the film but I don't want to watch it.
World class composition of Ajay and Atul sir
Katrina Kaif is not a ACTOR (ACTRESS)A mistake in a video 

Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina love u Katrina
No1.song.manzoor e khuda
it&#39;s very hard 

This song is so energetic, something amazing to hear after a long time.

Only Making !Not full songs for Shaking !

Sukhwinder's voice gave me goosebumps
One like for Shreya ghoshal

I love you Shreya Ghoshal
Hardworking katrina
Sbko pata hai Bollywood me ab Katrina se accha kaun bhi dance nhi kr sakti isliye Kat ko liya hai.... And she is gorgeous.... And best actress.... Lots of love Kat 

Katrina just woooooow 

CHIKNI CHAMELI FANS WHERE BRO......?    DANCING QUEEN ONLY ONE DEAR  KAIF MA&#39;AM 
So dr
She reminds me of the princess&#39; and impotep&#39;s lover anuk suna moon&#39;s costumes in the mummy 2 movie when they fight each other

Is the only purpose of Katrina to dance in this film ? Or is she even have any role in film

less

Katrina is in the picture only for dance numbers 

She don&#39;t care her injury.... She try her best.... She is really legend.... Im watching this film for spcly katrina mam... U really hard worker

Only Katrina Kaif do this in kinda hardwork!!!  We love you Katrina Kaif!
Nice 
Omg i can&#39;t wait for this song Kat my favourite actress

Such a magnum opus!
Songs are very bad and worst hopeing for flim to be good

WOW!! Katrina is looking like an Egyptian queen Hit like if you think her costume somewhat resembles what the wore in the movie&quot;The Mummy Returns&quot; girl-fight scene in the flashback!... AND also if you are a FAN of her and love her! 

Katrina &amp; her dance... Best dancer ever... 
Katrina is too hardworking natured person yaar!

<a href="">2:51</a> Hrithik Roshan from kaho na pyar hai spotted

Shreya ji...
Katrina kaif killed it ...

Why! Why on 1st day of No Nut November?

where are the thugs that they were talkin about....this looks like the age old formula of sholay type films applied with Pirates of Carribean

Kaif made history
Shreya ghoshal n sunidhi chauhan wow
Hit Like 4 Ajay-Atul
Hard worker.....Kat...Luv u so much
I luv uh kat u r my fav. I m waiting for Thugs of Hindustan. Kat fan like my comment.

<a href="">2:45</a> ...moves look better than original.

very nuce and hardworking best of luck to the film

Did anyone know how Katrina&#39;s navel made? 

Ajay atul
Katreena is just fav....her dance is highlighting this song....Love from BD...

katrina kaif in &quot;welcome&quot; and katrina kaif today!

ajyay-atul&#39;s music great and also Katrina&#39;s dance

Love you Ajay Atul
Best song heard in recent times from hindi movies !! The grand music and vocals just gives one goosebumps. Excellent song with just as effective visuals.

Wow just wow..

Probably a special appearance in this song....two female vocalists was the give away....thank me later

shreya dee
So it was the first song Sunidhi recorded after delivering her baby 

Nice making song of Manzoor e khuda

Advance booking start from 3rd of November at bookmyshow , TICKETNEW , TICKET4U , Paytm etc..Also you get all single screen &amp; multiplex cinema&#39;s window 10am onward,So please book fast before you late..Make your diwali entertaining &amp; happy with Thugs Of Hindostan,Yeh diwali hogi thago wali.....Confirm Blockbuster Thugs Of Hindostan....

Kat lukin lyk an Egyptian GoddesS...

kat

supb

This song has been already superhit before realisingBcoz, Katrina performs in this song
Bestt

12k view1.2k like186 comment

Waiting for Jodhpur making video...

Ajay-Atul what a music they are creating ...

It will be a flop sure

All foreign watchers hate this dances. Enough.

Very hard working....Hats off 

SUPER
Composition of song is nice

Love is like no one can give music.
Day by this movie is creating big buzz around the world. It would be the legendary movie of Bollywood. Waiting eagerly for Nov 3rd.

Song incomplete without Katrina love you 

love you katrina

Sukhwinder singh&#39;s voice &amp; Katrina kaif&#39;s dance moves are X Factors of this amazing song ️

We wrote 
why is yrf not launching the video song not the lyrical one for suraiyaa meri jaan and manzoor e khuda rather than releasing the making videos , teaser and lyrical videos

Amir khan hit the like

Trash movie, even worse songs. Fake hype
That&#39;s some hardwork From my side a big salute to Katrina kaif That chqkras she do omg

Katrina always rock

All thug of Hindustan teamReally hard work

hayeeaaaa hayeeaaaa hoo..
Katrina is amazing

THE BEST SONG OF THE FILM

So much hard work goes behind...

katrinaaa kaiiffffff
That knee slides of Katrina Kaif. Dancing goddess Katrina Kaif rocks 

Nice dance katrina kaif
Super

<b>Who is going to watch it First day. tickets expected to sell like hot cake, adv tickets this saturday 3rd Nov</b> 

Katrina kaif shreya maam what a song katrina kaif is the best dancer ever and her expressions uff
Kitni mehnat he ek song banane ke liye big ️ for them aur koye is chutiya pewdipie Ko botovu ke kyu lok YRF or T-Series Ko subscribe karte he woh itne bada content banana it&#39;s not Joke aur ye pewdipie sirf ek chair par betkar chutiyapa karte rehtay.

Katrina Kaif is dancing superstar of Bollywood no doubt  hands down to queen Katrina Kaif

Omg dancing queen katrina Kaif is so hardworking. 
Katrina has proved once again how dedicated she is when hard work comes especially for a dance number. Awesome Katrina

Perfect song  Katrina Kaif Amazing acting 
1 week to go!!

I am from Iraq and I love India and my wish is to travel to India. Greetings to India and whoever loves Katrina Layg 
hit The like Button who likes AMIR KHAN ACTING !  LOVE from PAKISTAN !

all love you guys and

2018 ki sabse best movie the best Aamir Khan

This is epic.... because of only one person that is osm ️ Katrina️.............!!as well as music..........

Katrina Kaif is Queen 
It will be hit only if you be living in 80’s  not sure if anybody will play that in club  or in their car while chilling or say working out May be it will become popular with stage shows  and school annual functions !

Katrina kaif is legend ‍️
lvl

Big love to Shreya Mam

shreya superb voice u have

KATRINA KATRINA KATRINA KATRINA KATRINA KATRINA KATRINA She did that 

Only Ajay Atul ...
abhi bas &quot;Making of climax&quot; baaki Hai.

Katrina Fans kil the like button

Katrina is one of the best dancer ever 

Superb.. This Diwali Thugs wali

This song is best 2018 hit lick

everything is amazing....but katrina made it grand with her firey expressions and dance

Excited for film

bab1111 🇮🇶‍️
One of the best movie YouTube Channel <a href="">#Yrf</a> I never see this type of movie on YouTube this belong to the great movie channel Your all movies on this are great

Katrina and her dance

Shreya ghosal k liye kitne bhi like karo prr kam hee honge......really amezing voice........

Heard working..Kaf.....I beeg fan of you......Super performance........... and God bless you.........

Amir and Katrina fan one like

please follow me. please follow me

Katrina Is Very Very Committed Actress &amp; She is Fantastic 

Visit my Chennal
very nice



Ajay-Atul...................Rocks!
Awesome

Ya Good Song

One &amp; only song

Great great great............
Nice i love you katrina kaif
Good good good good good good good good

NYC Katrina kaif 
That's right..
Osm

Believe it or not, like it or not ....Katrina&#39;s dance made this song

nice very nice

Awesome yrf awesome love u yrf first day first show confirm love u aamir sir and our director vijay krishna acharya

50

Who want to see this film

Love it! 

Creative Katrina Kaif 
Waiting me hum

I just loved the choreography....  ..caterina mam performed it very well... And shreya mam to just killed it ....a blockbuster song...

Supperr

Osm video <a href="">#loveofwisdom</a>
hit like if you think this movie will be a big hit

I am 50th view and Awesome video

best dancer forever and everiknow this is one off the trndesetting song

Amazing
Great

No doubt 300 cr is loading ..

Mast

Ek like to bnta h

Don&#39;t touch my photo

Super

Katrina is amazing.. ek like to bnta h 
katreena kaif love u
Like who r true fans

Nice making

<b>Hello guys, who is a fan of Aamir Khan, please like quickly</b> 
First

First comment plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Ossm video Love u Katrina
Amazing job!!
First like kk ko

Kalam ki dance
beautiful song
I lke amir khan

Super song
First

2nd

Aamir Khan fans hit like

2nd

nice song
2nd

First comment

I&#39;m first liked person

Wow!!!! First

love yrf

First like

1st
