Worst air force ever. They can only bomb by using CAS procedure

and the whole world says that it was a bakery, well, from where they bombed, they usually can’t see whether there are children or hospitals there, and why the hell bother with business travelers, they pay in foreign currency... and where the nightingale droppings said the real fascists?? well, of course in the Kremlin, and another 1/6 or 1/7 already, taking into account the expansion of China, sushi!
Good job bombing bakery motherfuckers

<a href="">

"Russian air strike on a large militant warehouse" ummm they store militants??? Horrible! the old ones are running out, they supply new ones from warehouses)))
I would also like to tie a couple of turntables here, and let Assad clean up behind them himself.
The barmalei ran out of the bushes and didn’t let me relieve myself)))
I can’t help but feel that such objects need to be bombed with three times as many bombs. Just ruins. Otherwise, Konashenkov will again claim with a blue eye that “the object has been completely destroyed.”
Impact coordinates: 35.896252, 36.843738
Not exactly impressive. The problem is that Russian technology is so backward. You can see lots of lag on their targeting pods

The militants of the “Iblan state” were lying to themselves. stored quietly peacefully, and then on you - the women go to the barn!!!
this is cooler than Max 100509
militant warehouse ahhshazaz
militant warehouse ahhshazaz
Wars of Russian soil. Thank you. We ask for you and for ourselves from Almighty Allah for His admonition of Muslims in wisdom and His help in uniting against the enemy of humanity, Satan, who is stoned. May Allah Almighty help us with good intentions and lead us on the path of those who have escaped - sirat al mustakim.
I see here people from foreign intelligence give an expert assessment on Syria: “There is no ISIS in Idlib. Kokokokoko. From our sofas, we can see better where ISIS is and where the moderate opposition is.” Everything here is ISIS for us. And it is too much honor for them to divide them into groups.
kander exploded
ahahaha they bombed the bakery)))) OK THAT'S ALL, NOW IT'S ISIS CUNT
These are peaceful head choppers! Never....
Turkish fruits are explosive
Disappointing. They have been able hardly to cut off only one half of silo of entire complex.Very lame job. Don&#39;t they have some better bombs??Bwuah.

Good job Russia and its leader Putin..ура...!
intolerant such bombs have arrived
the Turks tried their best and everything burned down
Great job!
Wow beauty!!!!!
Warehouse for ISIS Fighters - this is the type where they store Fighters, in stacks.
Liked
Great!!! The devils have already broken all world records in running!!! Our track and field athletes, especially those who love doping, need to be transferred to this method of training!!! They break all records and there are no doping scandals!!!
whoever is killed is killed, whoever runs is running
The four in the left corner of Al-Nasral ran away. :(
The detonation of an ammunition depot is visible, as are the fleeing militants.
Russian punitive forces cannot distinguish an elevator from an oil depot. And then we saw an ISIS warehouse...
This needs to be shown to everyone who wants to go to ISIS what will happen to them, because those who are there, except our Aerospace Forces, are no longer our citizens and must be destroyed on the spot!
FOR ANDREY DOBRICA
It's a lie. There is no ISIS in Idlib province!!! There are other groups, but not ISIS.
It detonated not weakly.
Humanitarian aid from Turkey detonated the campaign.
with PLATAN better than with UAV video... but again the ODAB-9000 is missing
