&quot;Ajeeb hain. Genius hain toh thodi ajeeb hogi hi.&quot;Thinking of borrowing this line to introduce ourselves 

After dushman kajol and tanvi jee back again 
Kajol&#39;s hindi-marathi mix is so balanced.

Movie Name please

My peace ️ movie
Bahot hi bakwas hai....

Woow.. what a film! Beautiful story.. had tears in some scenes.. very beautifully written and directed.. and Kajol mam so furious loved her!! Mithali and kunal were simply adorable... Loved the movie.. 

No words for her, aj kal ki actress pani bharegi

My song
Gosh !! Wat a movie and what a performance!! I savoured every bit of it and every word every expression has been so well articulated that never felt it wasn’t real..Karoj is kajol a timeless gem!!! It brought tears to my eyes… this is a movie worth millions of its counterparts!!!! I think each and every character needs applauding..perfect to my senses!!!!

Odishi 
All is great but wait, PAPYRUS??????????

Apni Beti ko hee sath launch kar letii

Kya ye movie old Kajol movie dushman ka 2nd part hy m she looks gorgeous 
A love Kajol&#39;s previous movies. She is a great actress, but sadly I could not complete watching this movie, as the was to much swearing in this movie.

First time I see Kajol swear like this. 

I started the moving because of Kajol and 15 minutes into the movie I cannot see her anymore. Extremely irritating acting by her. Sorry but she looked the worst in the most beautiful dress in classical dance.

acting should be done silently, if possible.

Just watched this movie. It&#39;s amazing. Full of emotions. It shows you how your choices have an impact on your family. Must-Watch, guys!

Cute Acting Kajol.byTamil pasanga Fans
She’s definitely a tremendous actor, but I wouldn’t recommend watching this film with your growing kids! Too much unnecessary swearing

BC's you go to film Bane ke chale jaati ho...Bus ye to acting h hmm?..or rhe gye jaate bichare young audience..jo inspire ho jaati hai..or make your life hell?? One no. This is a Hinduphobia movie!


This movie is like one of those 90s movies if you’re a feminist you can’t be a good wife and a responsible mother

I insist all women to watch this movie, Men might not find it interesting though, but it is a very thoughtful film. 5 stars from me.

Outstanding
Really good movie

Kajol, the hit actress, said 'Gandi Galli', she also got it in Ajay Devgan's film, 'Shame on both of them' 
Hi

I loved the movie and kajol acting my God Damm mmm natural one thing only when she cuss in English I couldn&#39;t stop laughing

I swear the movie is crazy, watch it ️
Kajol is love

Kajol is a Bengal Tigress ...All other actors are good too but Kajol ...her lineage shows in her acting 

KAJOL the BEST

Love you kajol

KAJOL SABSE JYADA OVERACTING KARTI HAI

Kajol is just Amazing !

Love you kajol

One of the best movies.....on Netflix....but were they got this crazy name ...like the title of the movie...

Sary Best comentYtar idhr hi aa gay Hain Kya

Successful woman who chase their dreams are already so much judged.

While, we are learning how to accept women&#39;s broken relationships. This movie portrays the popular belief that it&#39;s not safe for woman to marry ( or get into relationship) again. Imagine our middle class parents of 10+ kids watching this.

Here for mithila 
This was an amazing movie...... Liked kajols role

kajol morocco 
SRT

I start enjoy this story at quarter time and was crying half until ending..No sad crying but happiness with i imagine my family...Not all broken family was broke...just how we pass it with patient and keep smile altough sadness inside...Love u mom kadz from Indonesia

Look, my mother is useless....
What a film! Inspiring and a delight to watch… Tanvi Azmi, Kajol and Mithila… Kunal is simply adorable! Magic on screen, bought together by Renuka Shahane ️

I love kajol

I am proud that someone atleast cared for Odisha&#39;s culture!

Kajol is so cute 
One of the rare movie saw after such a long time. Phenomenal acting..

Woow Kajol she is Just perfect 

Three most perfect actress ....waiting for film.,,love you guys

Wow..what a movie I have seen its really beautiful more likes

Watched 13 minutes of the movie and I can&#39;t stop myself to comment on this. Same idiotic and over-the-top acting by Kajol. Loudmouth and swearing for no fuckin reason at all. So annoying and ridiculous to watch her acting. Maybe this movie will be the last nail in the coffin of her career.

Good movie but hard to watch in some places due to how real it felt.

i wish bangla dub was available on netflix :)) my mom doesn’t know hindi at all. i really want her to watch this movie.

Kajol always make me smile

Nyc

Tawiwjetjsksgeksfwkwehmdhdldlfudmdbdkd
They only thing Kajol did was use fowl useless language unnecessarily. “Profanity is the effort of a feeble brain to express itself forcibly.”

U knw there r stories which cant explain into words, it&#39;s all about living that beautiful story  at the moment  Amazing work team tribhanga.

Must watch movie.. I thoroughly enjoyed, loved and cried too.. Thanks everyone who worked on front and behind the scenes. Your efforts got success. Many more such successes to all. 

Hats off to Renuka Shahane ji  Loved the film...the art in it...the story line....an eye opener for all who have gone through similar situations....an emotional turmoil presented sooo well....even Kajal ji s costumes.....Wishing you all success in producing more of such lovely pearls of cinema...

My opinion Kajol should stop acting. All she knows is overacting. Give me any movie which she really acted??  My My really hate to watch her movies. Such a waste if my time to watch her movies. Terrible actor I mean Overly over acting

bhai..  am I the only one who thinks that this movie is little bit like shakuntala devi..

I see there was supposed to be a concept but this was terrible. Every scene she&#39;s swearing. Not one scene of her doing the dance. Whoever created this movie 

Ye full movie KB aye ga place raply
Kajol G Me Ap Ko Buhat Pasand Karta Hoon Wallah

Finally midhila is getting her deserving chances.She is such a beautiful charming talented girl underutilized by Bollywood.

Nice film

I was in tears watching this becos it just reminded me about holding onto small grudges in life, and just letting go of them before its too late..

Truly a great story I have watched it just now.Those who are wondering If this is good or not it is the best , You should really watch it.

will watch for Mithila

A unique and womanistic concept. As a woman, absolutely loved it!Kudos to Kajol and Renuka(writer).

Anyone can tell me what does it mean Trivanga?

This masterpiece deserves awards.This movie made me realize something I never thought of. Thank you so much for making this movie.Congratulations to the entire team. Your efforts paid off.

Excellent moviel!! One of the best!!

Kajol you are great. I love you.
Kajol you are great. I love you.
The plot is more or less similar to Shakuntala Devi

Every time I see an Indian film I remember my best friend who is there Hashik, I hope you are always healthy...Hopefully one day I can meet you, I really miss you...
absolutely loved the trailer 

I can&#39;t stop myself from crying in climax  this movie is masterpiece ️ acting level of Kajol as well others actor and actress are mind-blowing...My favourite character is that story writer  &quot; jhattttu&quot; ️

It’s directed by Renuka Shahane, I can’t see her name mentioned anywhere

good

Kajol mam was wearing our traditional dress odisha ka odissi costume. So ️

Uppena movie date
Good to see Mithila in this

Very nice movie.  I watched it.  Worth watching.

Garbage 
I wonder if non marathi people will understand dialogues in this movies or not. Because there are so many Marathi dialogues in this film .

I use to love kajal but t in this move I just hit her to English she think she is not an indian o my god I just hit her

One of the best films I&#39;ve seen in a while. Loved it! Kajol is an incredible actress, I&#39;ve enjoyed all of her films.

Wonderful movie
The white tiger too same swearing n dirty scenes n Language

Too much swearing how can you watch with family kajol doing this kinda movies

This is a very beautiful sensitive movie. I loved it, so did my Mum. Thank you Renuka Shahane 

Kajol should do more movies. Fans are waiting !

Only love for mithila

Korean drama dubbed in hindi
The movie is good but it gives out a BULLSHIT morale that if you don&#39;t have a man in your life, in the end, nothing is right. The story shows that you need a man in life to stabilize your life and the life of other women in your life. Even though you think you do everything right in your life, you have after all shitted yourself by not having a man in your life to stabilize it. But it is society that does this. Life is actually stable but society ruins it for you. This actually should have been emphasized more in my opinion

Proud to be a Oddissi Dancer️️

Kajol !!! damn it ! You squeeze my heart,  the topic is really very interesting and important ️

0 percent in the entire world have covid  yet all governments want the ENTIRE world vaccinated despite the dangers of this vaccine

Omg she&#39;s looking so  good!

Meera seaghel yay
Anyone seen the movie?How&#39;s it?

I love Kajol acting.  She is real good.  Lovely and Gorgeous.

total cringe. reminds me of her annoying voice from k3g

Copy of Shakuntala devi?? 

after first half of the movie i realised the movie isnt for me

Super movie...good messege movie. Super actors and art. Dilogues to superse bhi upar. Super script and direction...thank you Tribhanga and team for excellent art

she even can&#39;t open her lips .. she took all her chin away

I think Kajal behave over reactive overconfidence drama 

Can somebody suggest me what do I do my husband family is torturing meFor past one year I have been suffering. In there senseMen is okay IAgar Wo gali detaPaise mangta lady seUska gla pakdta So many things Pls help me

Kajol looks like 30 year old

kajol swearing was the hottest thing ever

Suscribe my channel guys
If you care for children, you will not support Netflix and Hollywood!!! Children are trafficked by the elites from government, hollywood, large corporations, Wall Street and very top officials.  Do your research!!!  There are plenty of evidences in public. If u search... u will  find the truth.

She is prettier day by day and still ruling the world with her acting skills

BEKAR HAI MOVIE

Let&#39;s see how many people subscribe me on this comment.

Why is no one taking about mithila. Hey career graph is going up exponentially

oooh this looks good

I don&#39;t know what has happened to indian films. Itni filthy language.. uff kaano se dhuwan nikalne laga. It was unbearable. Kajol is my all time fave but I could just not bear all that swearing coming out of her mouth. The other recent movie was Ludo. So much gandi language. Chalo..aik do words use karliay to chalta hai. Har thori dair baad kuch na kuch.. please dear film makers and dear Netflix.  Swearing and filthy language doesn&#39;t make your content good or a movie super hit. So disappointed.

I am done with Bollywood

Too much bad language coming out of Kajol mouth in movie!  Movie concept is good, but cursing is way too much, cheap! This is bollywood movie not hollywood..

She is D grading  journalist

Abusive language
Gvvxf
<a href="">0:42</a> the Most Promising apt for Kajol&#39;s Attitude... Wish this Movie Could reach many... All The Best Mam️

She is a good actress but not a dancer.

Really after a long time  mesmerizing bollywood movie , what a  beautiful story..️️

.Waiting for a kindly hearted person who can support me with his true heart and understand my problem .️...

WHEN IS THIS RELEASING OMGG

And yes, the directors and producers also show you how to disrespect your elders or better still.....throw them out of your homes. What better a movie can you get ? As they will most certainly say.....&quot;Fuc.....you&quot; !!

It is strange. Script; full of filthy language. Acting; nothing to write home about. Story line; not worth even mentioning. Acting and story line can be understood, as both are talent based, which every individual has in varying degrees. But screen language ? At least that can be a bit mediocre.....the abusive content is atrocious, the &quot;Fuc...&quot; is used so, so frequently, that one gets sick of hearing it. Renukaji, such  low level of script is not expected. Or are you too perverted in the language department ? The movie shows the mother involved with two different men. That&#39;s fine....it happens. But the daughter ? She&#39;s proud to show off different men who come into her life ! Is that what we portray to the audience ? That yes, go ahead, have as many partners as you want. This movie is certainly not worth watching with your family.....unless you want to bring up an abusive and perverted family.

I really think curly hair is mithila&#39;s signature look ... but on this movie , that straight hair is giving mithila a kind of  sanskari , grounded housewife vibe which is adding up to her character...

Its very emotional .. very rich meanings I like it so much ...

KAJOL IS DISASTROUS HERE. PLEASE GIVE CHANCES TO NEW COMERPPL ARE INTERESTED TO SEE NEW FACES OR AT LEAST ACTING BRILLIANCECOME BACK AND TOO FOR PRIVILEGED AND FEW SHOULD BE DISCOURAGED

can someone tell me how the movie is?

Amazing movie.... It can beat Hollywood

Great to see Marathi in Hindi films.

Kajol ugly
Really good movie and extremely great acting by Kajol. Seemed like she is back into action as in early youth. Nice and beautiful story. All cast did a great job. All I wanted to point is the language. It&#39;s okay to portrait Kajol as a rough and tough character as per the experiences in her childhood days, I totally agree but could have avoided the word &quot;F**K&quot; many places. The amount of word F*ck used in this move was so much. Makes it hard to watch with small kids. It almost passed a message that the word &quot;F*ck&quot; is normal to use. What if the people started using it in even normal conversations. Already the world is changing. So that&#39;s the only thing you guys needed to be careful. Should have avoided that to that many times. It sounded so awkward. Anyway good overall job.

Really good movie and extremely great acting by Kajol. Seemed like she is back into action as in early youth. Nice and beautiful story. All cast did a great job. All I wanted to point is the language. It&#39;s okay to portrait Kajol as a rough and tough character as per the experiences in her childhood days, I totally agree but could have avoided the word &quot;F**K&quot; many places. The amount of word F*ck used in this move was so much. Makes it hard to watch with small kids. It almost passed a message that the word &quot;F*ck&quot; is normal to use. What if the people started using it in even normal conversations. Already the world is changing. So that&#39;s the only thing you guys needed to be careful. Should have avoided that to that many times. It sounded so awkward. Anyway good overall job.

Kis kis ne ye movie dekhi kaisi hai please reply de dena koi

Mens are like tissues... I want this dialogue to be used by a Male to women then so called liberals will attack men left right and center.

Mithila where are ur curls 

If people stop respecting relationship, it will bring nothing but distress and agony to the humankind.Humans will lose the depth in living. And it everything will be insensitive and cruel.

Don&#39;t promote such stories and lifestyle. It harms the kids in the end. People who are still attached and living according to the traditional way our ancestors have taught us are way better than these so called modern families. And traditional people don&#39;t disrespect women and girls.

Hum tum and them also described women of 3 different generation and labelling mother&#39;s standard either as superior or low without understanding women as a normal human being.

I want to see kajol as a dark evil villain ..  like GUPT movie ..

The film addresses issues that society wants to obliterate and not address. Wow, you are really a wonderful Kajol  

waw 

waw 

waw 

waw

Netflix India is getting better. Can&#39;t wait to see Kajol and Tanvi Azmi together. My mother is very fond of Tanvi Azmi, even she kept my name as hers due respect :)

Kajol ️ the great actress
Why is it that in all ajay devgan home productions with KAJOL, she acts like it is completely normal for a woman to be insane? She is always acting like she is a badly brought up woman with no manners and no shame for herself? Can&#39;t she ever act like a real normal woman? I cannot relate to her ever. Is it the niceness in me or is it that everyone apart from me is so crazy that misbehaving, screaming, and abusing is the new normal??!

loudulalith ka trailer

Kajol 
Sorry Kajol ji, gali k bina v app acting kar sakti thi.......

HowZz that Dd National!!! 008 reporting for Duty Maam!!! Winkk

Loved the movie!!!!

Kajol 
Excellent costume designs esp kajol
Saw the movie, its nothing exceptional, not much plot oriented. But Kajol&#39;s character was different than usual roles she plays and she plays beautifully, Overall is 6/10

Please stay away from this toxicity. Especially Kids...

We beautifully scripted ,directed. KAJOL awesome performance. Enacted so well . Kept the audience tied till the end. Must watch

Rubbish
Very nice story

Bakwas series

Women empowerment in Bollywood like fuck your husband and kill him with 10 pounds or after killing him, fulfill your dream. Feminist guys.
Shitiest movie I ever seen

What a disgusting movie, horrable propaganda. Were not white or black were indians we have values, im all for equal rights but this is disgusting.

KAJOL

expired &amp; not relevant.

Tell the full story of what to do after watching the trailer and watching the film.
Another propaganda 
Where is your indian culture? Movie is promoting vulgurity by women. Totally hate kajol after doing this. Cussing could have been avoided. Super annoying movie

Kajol is overdramatic just like her 90s while the rest well performed sensing normal

Jhatu movie

Started uploading videos , first gaming video is on Minecraft longest Parkour challenge.So pls visit my channel and like , comment and share

I loved it.....

Great movie .......
What kind of content does Netflix give you?
Landuri kajol
Kajol killed that character LMAO &quot;You don&#39;t fucking wipe your nose and keep the tissue&quot; I laughed so had when she described marriage!!! wonderful acting by all

Something new 
Worst movie ever...
So good to see finally Odisha culture is slowly coming up on the Bollywood platform not with sterotypical (bongs ,Sardar, gujus)

Mainly I am here for  Mithila.She is good actress.Kajol is the legend..

Pathetic movie

Loved the movie ️

Disgusting 
Another misandrist movie in the name of empowerment  made by a snowflake feminist... i don&#39;t know how  makers have a conscience

Glorifying abusive language, no respect for any relationship &amp; so on...What to expect from netflix...flop

I hope one day I can also explain you both beta.. only thing I did was love you ......

Most discussing film
Worst movie of the decade with mean message thuuuu

these characters are total garbage and living in a lustful lala bollywood world...

Women empowerment = Smoking, alcohol, hookah, drugs, abuse, multiple sex no respect for elder  Those who support their family are backward thinking. The log has fallen Bas. Or if we don't expect this from Netflix, what will be different?
I haven't seen such dirty and bad films in my life...Buddha has become crazy...What do you want to show...Khull, drink liquor...do sex. ...this is freedom....Fake and Ghatiya film
Please do not see this movie, an other propaganda to break the Indian undivided family system, selling point of India

More dangerous than four more shots,, please ignore it

What a Movie kajol is a great Actor wow salooot you kajol
akand chootiyapa!

Wow bollywood, nice propaganda to tell people that run for your dreams and left your family behind, our culture and our language.... Or kitna niche giroge beta bta do ab.

Yeh log hare Krishna bol kar india ko loot rahe hain. Sab Krishna ki policy par chal rahe hain. Shri Ram ko toh yeh log galat bolte hain.

Why are these Gujarati bad spirits so hot?
Bad bad movie !!
Bhot hi bkwas series. Conservative narrative keval show kr rhe hai vo bhi negatively. Kuch to sharm kr lo. Aur itni gali galauz dena jruri hai. Vo mother doughter k relationship k beech.

Below average movie 

Ajay Devgan and Renuka also deserve lot of appreciation for this movie. Laughed at Kajol&#39;s language and Loved watching it.

Kajal look 20 years younger than her age.  She is aging like a fine wine...

Who&#39;s here after this movie is in #1 trending?

Tanvi axmi and kanwaljit singh after 23 years. My family no.1 memories renewed

I am a poor person and I also work behind a mason. I have created a channel. Please help or Allah, whoever read this should subscribe to the channel. May Allah give him good children and fulfill his good wishes. Ameen. I am a poor and also a little bit of work, I also have a craftsmanship, I have made the channel, or helps to make a channel subscribed to Allah, give them good humans.
The story is nice.But here&#39;s not shown anything of Anu&#39;s father part at the last.I think it&#39;s a bit of disappointing.Or maybe they wanted to show the reality IDK.

The more you feel Pankaj Tripathi, the more abusive words you hear, the more you hear with Kajol.
nothing special about the movie trying to be more like white people using more abusive language doesn&#39;t make you better.

I like kajol and her acting , but I am disappointed . You are setting a wrong example. Freedom also has some limit.

There is no need to put &#39; shivya&#39; in any characters&#39;. Dialogues .  Some decency should be maintained.

Please help me from Russia I can&#39;t afford to buy food. Please help MasterCard 5536 9138 6657 7311 Thank you for your help

Tanvi Azmi is always wow

Kajol is very rude to fans.

Watched it last night and loved it.  Great story and acting

Hope Netflix continues to make good films like this. At times only trash films are there .

Perfect film ,perfect cast, and the perfect write and director

Amazing movie....get to see good cinema and realistic movie .....totally loved it

Tanvi Azmi realized her mistakes in the end but Kajol ended up hating her that she didn&#39;t realize that her own daughter was called illegitimate by people. Nice acting by all. 9/10 

And her humility. Also, the camera is amazing
Anyone else noticed how Netflix is bringing in all youtubers into bollywood?

<b>Everyone is on fire</b> 

She has proved she is a one of the finest Actress in indian Cinema literally.

I remember Cushman Movie...️Kajol and Tanvi AzmiAnyone

Kajol. You were really great.

just watched the flim ...such a nice concept and completely different story and also relatable ..the way the movie depicted the life of  mothers just fabulous ...made me cry so hard

beautiful movie

Just finished watching Tribhanga........wonderful movie........truth touched my heart........everything was just perfect.......renuka mam did outstanding job.......and the actors were perfect tooooooooo

Does not suit Kajol abused language.

Story is all about rich people getting proper mental stability and meanings in relationships.Of course they don&#39;t need to worry about money and confidence.

Hey guys please do Subscribe on my CHANNEL

Best dialogue of kajol- &quot;men are like tissues, who keeps them forever after using them?.&quot;This movie is great for women empowerment and to show men their places.

Great movie!! Amazing characters!! Couldn’t stop my tears in the end!! Congratulations Renuka ji and the whole team!!

I loved this movie. The actresses were amazing. A movie that really is captivating. Highly recommend. 

Kajol best best actress
God knows why is it called tribhanga! God knows why director renuka sahane made kajol an orissi dancer! God knows when kajol will understand that jorse chillana is not acting it&#39;s called overacting

Make me cry ! Pls love your mum

kajol acting is good but why bad words

30 mins into the movie and put it off.....too much foul language, trying to portray the cool mom......always liked Kajol&#39;s acting but this was a let down.....like Mithila....watched her in Chopsticks and Little things....This movie is  bcos of Kajol&#39;s over acting n use of foul language.

wow Odissi...feeling happy to see Odissi is being used in bollywood movies...this dance form needed the deserving lime light......most of the danceforms are highly overrated...jay jagannath

Classic n perfect movie..good job Renuka Shahane ️
What a beautifull story. Great movie. Drama, humor, intriges, family.

Any tamil audience there 

Kajol is so pretty

Just watch the movieHighly recommended Don&#39;t judge the movie by trailerKajol was bang on Tanvi ajmi amazing Mithila parker wonderfulMust watch

Watching Tanvi Azmi and Kalwanjit Singh work together after 21 years... I still loved the chemistry shown between them in Family No. 1 on sony tv in 1999

If there's Kajol, I'm okay, if she makes an ad, I'll watch it, my dear.
Kajol mam&#39;s  natural acting is so good which dont  need any  words  a  for whole film crew

Beautiful actors,loved it.Must watch

Gaaliya of Kajol is hilarious

Every woman must watch it Kajol is awesome as always

Kajol sounds terribly loud.

What kind of dirty words are you using? Or how many people have made you your idol? One word is not meant to be used.
Kajol yeah queen i will surely love this movie

Someone???
Unpopular opinion - This trailer along with name of the movie is pure cringe

Superb

Best movie I have ever wanted since 2020

After very long time I watched a beautiful movie, Kajol is the best 

Watched this movie today and boi oh boi. No regret at all. Very well done and definitely out of comfort zone for Bollywood movies.

kajol i love you so much
Begloli web series below copy
&quot;My mother have no job&quot;&quot;I want to do something&quot;&quot;Please Subscribe and Support me subscriber &quot;&quot;I am worse in world&quot;

Kajol you are the best. finally you did again something one can really look forward to see you again. You will do more films. I am sure. love from Switzerland xx

The moment I found out they switched this from Marathi to Hindi, I knew this was going to be a terrible film.

Wonderful make Tribhanga. Wonderful. Cried throughout the movie. Yes, wished the ending was different. That’s life‍️Kajol’s performance - par excellence Especially in one of the scenes, in which the character of Kajol is seen ill-treating the mom, played by Tanvi. Tanvi being such a senior artist, I wonder how tough it must’ve been for Kajol. It’s on Netflix 

Kajol G. Bus aise he acting karto raho.. mast lagti ho.. Adbudh ho adbudh ap... 

The best movie with the best actressKajol

Awesome storyy.. And acting was super se upar....we need only good content.. Not masala...

Had to shut the movie off coz couldn’t stand kajol’s overly loud and rude portrayal in the movie :/ Gave me a headache.

Excellent movie ️️
I just watched tgis movie...damn that is so good ...not gonna lie .it will surely make u cry.  ️Loved it..must watch

Sound is like a vidhya balan .. shakunthala Devi movie

MY MOST FAVORITE PART AND DIALOGUE STARTS FROM <a href="">0:50</a> TO  <a href="">1:04</a>  
Who has come here after seeing <b>Salman Khan</b>'s tweet...!!?like here:- 
This photographer has delivered so much poor dialogue brother..&quot;How much he has done to give you a good life&quot;
365 days movie song
Mithilas character is completely different in this one and kajol she is always awesome.Will definitely check this one

1.5hrs quality time spend. Superb direction...awesome movie. Full marks  to Renuka Shahane. Another master piece by Netflix thank you

Horrible pathetic
Kajol is ️
Mithila palkar fans

Actually this movie was Tribhanga....tedhi, medhi and crazy . 2.5/5

overacting kajol
worst movie

These bad days are coming with Kajol..I am studying to work with inlog..Kidr gye Ajayji Bachalo
Who came here for manav Sir and kajol

An amazing story Of three women

This is beautifully sad

Wow. This is wow.

Super duper the best, relatable, “filmy Dunia se alag” kind of real story, touched my heart deeply especially the climax and how I felt we can’t blame depends on the situation we go through in life and not realize what and where have we gone wrong&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; After ages like literally, this movie had made me cryMust watch, credit goes to all the artists not only Kajol but everyone the whole team which includes everyone

A complete must watch movie

Kajol is Legend. 

Aajtak: Your son Margya, how are you feeling?... But Kajol: How do you feel if your mother is in coma?
Biryani monster
This is amazing movie cried and laughed cried more it’s such a beautiful movie so refreshing and so real just like life! Loved Kajol all actors did amazing job.

Kajol and Tanvi ji at their best. ️

Just watched...completely outstanding...the only thing I felt was Mithila had very less screen time...very nice movie. Highly recommended. Don&#39;t judge by trailer( I mean if you didn&#39;t like trailer , then also you would enjoy watching ..

God's channel subscribe krdoMn boht ghreeb hn 1 subscribe krny se kiya jata hai hath jodh k khta hn plz subscribe krdn
This kajj kavhi buddi nehi hughi 
Saw the movie just now ... amazing script    .. it should go to Oscar&#39;s for sure

Ek dum tedhi, medhi aur crazy movie thi!! Loved it!!

I cry when i watch this movie omg i love kajol ️️️

Watched this movie. Beautiful ️ shows the cycle of parents and kids relationship.And how we understand everything better as we age... Must watch.

If SRK is the king .kajol is the Queen 

Just loved it!!!

I watched the film. It was amazingly awesome....

Trailer mein hi kahani samajh a gayi..movie dekhni ki kya jarurat??

Kajol always overrated just sucksssssssssssss

Interesting

Sometimes we only remember the beating from our parents but we forgot the lesson we learn from that beating .... We realize that when they&#39;l gone.... Just need to see from their point of view too...

Bakwas  trailer  hai

Wonderful amazing acting by kajol..you nailed it kajol..

Just watched the movie... very deep movie..the narrative was what made the movie... initially  Kajol comes across being so loud and uncaring ... but then as the story progress...at the point when she realized that she had become her mother ..( unable to protect your kid and how her daughter suffered her decisions ) is the most poignant  point of the movie...the movie could not have been pulled off without these brillianr actresses.. hats off to writer and director

Super movie and really appreciate kajol for choosing this..... simple yet superb touched my soul

what is this song's bio hh
The prettiest kajol ma&#39;am ️️️
Proud of mithila.she is making her way ️

Kajol 
Wow Tanvi ma&#39;am and Kajol ma&#39;am together after sooooooo long....

AAI
Marathi director marathi actresses 1) kajol 2) mithila 3) tanvi azami And actor vaibhav tattavadi all marathi 
SRK is struggling and Kajol&#39;s current career is getting praise (which is good), I feel sorry for SRK but his choices are 

Can&#39;t believe that he is the same boy who played Aargya in Bandish Bandits....

Mithila Palkar.....highly underrated

Totally boycott all the recruitments of Bollywood. Please remove all the added materials from FILMS and TV  Jai Shri Ram 
Why r people calling this movie Kajol&#39;s comeback ??

RENUKA SAHANE IS THE DIRECTOR !!!!!

Is it a trailer???matlab kuchvi

Feel like watching this trailer again and again .Powerpack performances .

The way Kajol walks in oddissi attire.. Not at all convincing of the character.

Now is the era of OTT
Waiting
Wowowooo

Mithila ka hair straight whattttttttttttttttt !!!!! Isliye sb bolte &quot;nothing is impossible&quot; 

Brilliant by kajol

Another flop movie taliyaan
Abhang, tribhang dance certain pose of odissi ️ from odisha

Kajol selecting different script
Mithila Love u

Three outstanding actress : kajal, mithila n tanvi  

Surely those who like it Let obscenity spread among the believers There is painful torment for them in this world and in the Hereafter (verse 24/19) Now those who show pornographic videos through movies, books, books, calendars, magazines, dramas, movies, pastors, Facebook, YouTube, various products, Google web sites, etc., are included in that verse (Tafsil Ibn Jal) Noor in the Mazari Tafsir of Quran Tafsir Nur)

I feel like the complete story is being told in the trailer they should have left something for the movie

Kajol ‘s overacting and 90s acting is way too redundant for 2021. She still feels acting is as frivolous as kuch kuch hota hai. Either Work on your craft or kindly leave 

KajolMilithin kunal..nice trailer
Looks like Netflix&#39;s finest..

Kajol over acts

Netflix.. alwz with offbeat movies ️

I love the blue saari from the girl

Kajol I love you

Boy: will you marry me    ?Girl: do you have a house    ?Boy: No, but ?Girl: do you have a BMW car   ?       Boy : No, but ?Girl : how much is your salary  ? Boy : no salary, but ?Girl : you have Nothing, how can I marry you, just leave me, please.Girl leavesNow Boy talking to himself :I have one villa, 3 plots, 1 ferrari, 2 porsche, 1 Lamborghini, why I still need to buy a cheapBMW, and how can I get salary when actually I am the boss.MORAL :    Don&#39;t judge anyone without knowing the whole thing,  be a listener If you enjoyed the story plz do “ SUBSCRIBE ” to my channel, I have to reach 2k .And I m sure u will love my contenthave a nice day

Vaibhav tatwawadi️️️️️
Who else thinks that this story is somewhat similar to Vidya Balan&#39;s Shakuntala Devi?

This is dope!!!To everyone who is reading this, you’re cool and adorable. Please stay safe and healthy! Eat more fruits and veggies for a healthy lifestyle! Lastly, let&#39;s do whatever we can to save our beautiful Planet Earth!

Looks like it's busy...
21 days fitness challenge weight gain/weight loss with nutrition NO Medicine what&#39;s app for more details 8878414000

Love Kajol - Loved her in the 90s. But these days I think she is not subtle on-screen except in Devi. After watching the trailer, it is safe to say her performance is similar to helicopter Ela. she is shrill. she was very good in the 90s films though. Let&#39;s hope the film delivers and I am wrong.

Brilliant  I loved it. Different subject ️ definitely going to watch it

Kajol looking like sweet 16

Kajol ️
Nettflix India always sucks with content but this time, it seems they are doing a good job..

I couldn&#39;t be happier for mithila....all the very best



Fab️️
Don&#39;t let people come up in movies.. and capture the ott also... Always think of you people.. never give chance to others.. keep on swallowing others opportunity..

The trailer is heart touching, the movie will be oscar winning in future ...

Kajol as usual overacting.. to watch only for two ppl Tanvi Azmi n Vaibhav Tatwavadi..

Tanvi Azmi very talented She is so good in her character All three very good

Mithila what happens to your hair style ?

Wow... All three Marathi actresses.. Amazing... Parvani is the one ️️
Mithilaaaaaaa

I don't have any heir but please subscribe my channel.
Releasing date plz

Kajol.She is amazing

Happy birthday mithila
My always favourite actress Kajol mam

I’m a huge fan of Kajol! can’t wait for this movie!

One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates️

Is it just me or does anyone relates this with Gilmore  girls?

Koi free hai to trailer samjha dega ? It&#39;s not a joke I actually want to know . Super pumped up

Koi free hai to trailer samjha dega ? It&#39;s not a joke I actually want to know . Super pumped up

My eyes drag me here coz Kajol was in Odissi costume ️ Being an Odia M curious here to watch the whole movie n the best reason is Kajol

From Bekhudi to Tribhanga I am a fan of Kajol I like her moviesShe is ️ and always smiling Funny and happy I like they she isI watched the trailer I can&#39;t wait to watch it 

Just one word... Wow !!

THREE REASONS TO WATCH THIS FLIM :-1)Kojol2)Mithila3)It&#39;s by netflix

Trivanga is a concept or a pose in odissi dance , this dance has many difficult poses that only trained dancers can do .

........When giving gifts........🇺🇲 : thanks🇮🇳 : Hee Hee Hee What was the need for this ?
Netflix always rocks
Wow 3 ladies one hour..
Lot&#39;s of from odisha

The cast is awsm .and the happiest part is it is in Netflix....yeah

Kajol acting all time best
Kajol dance odissi all right. Please do not do our Odissi dance in the wrong way. Love from Odisha..
As always kajol is amazing. And first time mithila with straight hair (anyine noticed). Afer chopsticks im seeing mithila now. She is very natural.. all acted so well.. 3very good actresses

In Latin America waiting for this

I am slowly realizing how marvellous these actors are and how they are taking Indian cinema to a higher level.. Thanks to otts like Netflix

Kajol , you rocked girl

For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received: that Christ died for our sins in accordance with the Scriptures,  that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures,1 Corinthians 15:3-4 For we did not follow cleverly devised stories when we told you about the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ in power, but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty.2 Peter 1:16 And we know that the Son of God has come, and has given us understanding so that we may know Him who is true; and we are in Him who is true, in His Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God and eternal life.1 John 5:20 Fixing our eyes on Jesus, the pioneer and perfecter of faith. For the joy set before him he endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.Hebrews 12:2 If anyone acknowledges that Jesus is the Son of God, God lives in them and they in God.1 John 4:15 In your relationships with one another, have the same mindset as Christ Jesus.Philippians 2:5 I give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; no one will snatch them out of my hand. My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all; no one can snatch them out of my Father’s hand. I and the Father are one.John 10:28-30 Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved.Acts 4:12 But he was pierced for our transgressions,he was crushed for our iniquities;the punishment that brought us peace was on him,and by his wounds we are healed.Isaiah 53:5 This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son into the world that we might live through him.1 John 4:9 My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you.John 15:12 If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.Romans 10:9 But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect.1 Peter 3:15 Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace. And be thankful.Colossians 3:15..

Can Kajol show her anger without shouting and screaming?? She is certainly capable of doing it...

I think, maybe Madhuri would have better suited the role !

One word for kajol, outstanding 

She always the best I wish I was like her face her salty I wish I could meet her someday

New and refreshing story. Looking forward to this one 

Wanna watch this damn hard coz it has my lovely role model kajol n the fact tht Netflix always gives amazing content ...... Boom it 

i didn&#39;t recognize mithila without her curly hair!

Is it inspired by  The Meyerowitz Stories ?

Trailer is Rock Flim is SuperRock 
Mithila&#39;s hair anyone noticed...they are straight

Seems beautiful &amp; the performances are surely going to be next level.

Tanvi azmi and Kajol as mother daughter after Dushman

Idk why but this is not looking interesting 

Age just number for kajol.. She&#39;s beatiful day by day

Waooo it look interesting story of 3 generation

Mithila️ and Kajol️ will eagerly wait for 15th now! 

I wish this was released in theater .. Would luv to watch the way kajol carries herself in that big screen

will it b released only on netflix or even in cinemas ???

Mithita with straight hairs. Nooooooo 

this is going to be so amazing

Wow wowNyc one
Who is here after kajol&#39;s reaction vedio

Well mithila looks much prettier in curly haira ️️

Creative artists made it a point to make mithali look exactly like kajol. Well done.

I just watched the trailer and it is fantastic .....I love it because it has my favorite actress in it who is non other than kajol I just love her and I am very excited to watch the movie as well .

Kajol

Kajol, my name is enough!
I love kajol

Gross minorities!

Kamil is ever so beautiful

I love kajol mam 
Mithila in the same frame with Kajol! Amazing... 

Lovely concept, trailer ek no. Can&#39;t wait to watch️

trailer I'm not sure what to do with the film... thank you editor saab.
I ️️kajol mam&#39;s acting .I like her way of talking, walking,wearing , looking almost everything.I am her big fan.She is amazing. Definitely I will watch this movie

Kunal Roy Kapoor&#39;s Hindi diction is on point.
I have seen the poor movie in the trailer, now I am left to see Kajol's acting...
I hate Bollywood but Kajol ️️️ &amp; her acting ️️️
Looking forward to watch this 

already loved it

Is the audio available in any more languages? I was hoping if we could have Marathi.

Kajol is the best Bollywood artist️
Awesome

Renuka Sahane is going to direct a film! I have never been more excited!

Mithila look so prity

Story is still on
Who&#39;s idea was this to straighten Mithila&#39;s curls ??

Amazing  must watch

But why did they have to straighten Mithila&#39;s hair??????

It's Kajol... It's time to see the future bosssss... Love you Kajol..
Kajol fan from 1993 

Oh god.. seems like child abuse related story ...

Mithila ️
Amazing
She is back with bang

Looks like Kajol was sexually abused when she was young and her mother didnt stand up for her

Excellent
I&#39;d watch. Seems decent.
Her acting is fab 
Still she is more beautiful then today actresses

It&#39;s like Remake of Shakutala Devi.

Why she alwasy looking so young with anu movie fabolus !!!

Kajols the reason I watch Bollywood!

Can wait to watch this!

A Big Flop
Kajol mam is always my favourite actor because she is the best

Kunal seems to be doing comedy by speaking that kinda hindi

That Girl in the city I love her acting too

Awesomeeeeee duo of kajol and mithila

Netflix India movies are worst and non entertainment ....

Mithila and kajol️️
Kajol??? I will definitely watch it she is an actress I adore, she is both talented and sympathetic
Hey Everyone :)..... Mere Xpression get the app

Niceee️️️️
Very similar story from a bengali film.. &quot;19 th April&quot; made by Rituporno Ghosh.... A Decade back...

Where do you want to go ¹ Comma 2 ladakh
Kajol is Kajol i like her so much

I have issues with my mother too. Can&#39;t wait for this movie ️

I will definitely watch being an odissi dance aspirant

I watched this for Odissi dancer attire being an ODIA but loved the trailer as it has a story to say. Great Work KAJOL mam!

Not a single person in the below comment has said anything that is honest all are paid PR ticks .. such over acting by so called Bollywood druggies

HindiPlz=RDXLOVE...KanniRasi..JADA..Aruvam..Kalavani2..Dasharatha..ARJUNA..KALKI..ROCKY..Thorati..Khakii..Visaaranai..Pogaru..DKBOSE..Sathurangavetta..VAA ..Virus..JOker..MEI..Uru..Tiyaan..NINE..Oppam...Agnidev...Nightout..Mafia..K13..8MMBullet...Premadesam....Vettai... Yatra...Tesla...OrukuppaiKathai....Ntapethunai..Rgvvangaveeti....Rgvattack...Rgvlakshmi....Naanthondan...Theevandi...Kaamuki....Bhayanakam....Ninuthathalachi. ..ThappuThanda....Ranga....Biju....Sakhavu....JilJungjunk....Kaali....Jigarthanda2....Kanaa....OruAdaar....Vettai.. ..Titanic...Kaalidas...Nindrukolvaan...Pellichoopulu...Njaan...Kali...Charlie...CIA...Lens...Indian...Taramani...Vaa... Nota...Thegidi...Kalki..Mask...Asuran...Vairajavai..28&#39;c....FalaknumaDas...Evaru...Kshanam...Dongata...Kiss.. .Maravan...Sathya2...Ranarangam...PadipadiLechemanasu...Mahanubhavudu..90ML...CHINA....Party...VenkatApuram....PuthanPanam...Thobama....Vaaimai.. ..kolaigaran....PonManickavel....SigramThodu....VelvetNagaram...Theeviram....Sathuraangavetta2....Serversundaram...Thorati..Srirastu...Peruchazhi...Uttamavillain... .Arimanambi...Kuttramethandanal..Nonsense....Naam....MrLocal....Hero...Seemaraja....Superdeluxe....Puramokku...ImaikkaaNodigal....Vasuki... .KolaiyuthirKaalam.....AmjaliCbi....Purampokku....100....118....Tharangam.....ALLURamendran...Sundaram....Dandupalyamg.....Bramman. ..Gypsy.....AanDevathai.......Kaali......Naragasooran...TamizhPadam2...Arjunsuravaram.....AgentSaiSrinivasa....47DAYs....EnaiNlokipaayumThota.. ..DHrum....VanjagarUlagam...EEMAYAU......
Kajol still rocks!! 
Finally mithila palkar is getting the recognition she deserves

<a href="">0:38</a> whistling Woods 

Mithila

Kajol
The whole story is revealed

Loveeee kajol

I love kajol mam
Kajol is an amazing performer,  always the same, ab 8 dya wait karo.

&quot;<a href="">00:40</a>&quot; Greetings!  But it&#39;s much easier with <b>(𝗪𝗔𝗧𝗖𝗛𝗗𝗔𝗗.𝗖𝗢𝗠)</b>  as I know
&quot;<a href="">0:28</a>&quot;The only working one is <b>Watchdad.𝒄𝒐m&#39;</b>

Mithali ️

Kajol hamesha

Sahi kaha....How would you feel if your mother was in coma....idiotic questions by reporters
Why hasn't Karishma Kapoor done such films? All the actresses of her time are doing good but Karishma Kapoor is not doing any films. She is my all time favorite.
&quot;<a href="">00:24</a>&quot;  Your choice but only <b>𝐖𝐀𝐓𝐂𝐇𝐃𝐀𝐃.𝐂𝐎𝐌</b> 

&quot;<a href="">00:24</a>&quot;  Why waste your time when only <b>Watchdad.𝒄𝒐m&#39;</b>  does it for everybody

&quot;<a href="">00:27</a>&quot; Why don&#39;t people use: <b>𝗪𝗔𝗧𝗖𝗛𝗗𝗔𝗗.𝗖0𝗠</b>  instead of wasting their time here
Wow must watch

Best wishes to you Kajal mam from Odisha 

Kajol

Good zabardast
Amazing concept
Mithila ma&#39;am is Love

Odishi Gesture
I just love Kajol. Everybody has their  own favorite yaar

Looks similar to Shakuntala Devi film

Anu v/s Tanu

This is an art form

Why is nobody talking about odissi, atlast it&#39;s getting the attention and popularity it deserves. ️️

IS KAJOL KAJOL
Lots of luv to Kajol

Kajol always best
Awesome

Great ️
Kajol in odissi costume ️️️
Day by Day kajol looking younger and damn pretty  she is outstanding performance

KajolFew of those actress who knows acting and not just dancing unlike nowadays...

WOW!

I hated Helicopter Eela, but this one seems amazing! Looking forward to Tribhanga!!

Kajol is best 
Almost every Kajol film I&#39;ve seen have been amazing. Her acting is so amazing that the character she is portraying comes to life making you forget that she is the actor!

Good project

Kajol was is and will be mediocre 

I&#39;ve started watching Bollywood because of Kajol, she is so realistic in movies.a natural pure skill!

Y did u straightened your hair mithila I loved your curls always wished to have them i hope I get to see u in the same old look as before

I want to watch this. It reflects a part of my own life I feel. Eagerly waiting ️

I am so ready for this..

mithila palkar............our monster biryani............
Mithila Palkar in the straight hair is the girl to die for ️

Great Cast from several generations. Tanvi has been commendable since “Ghalib”; Kajol of course is a force and Mithila stole the show from Irfan in “Karawan” and impresses just humming in a wheat floor commercial. Look forward to this movies.

He hates Pila like maro be
Tribhanga | Official Trailer...............woooooooooooooooooow
Kajol, in odissi get up wow.unexpected yet beautiful.She is indeed one of the greatest actress in Bollywood.

Looks watchable, will watch it for Tanvi Azmi and Methila

How many subscribers will we get for this tricolor 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮
hattttttttttttttt

Netflix blessings in disguise
Kajol = ageless talent ️️️️️️
krk is not fit for such intense role

Kajol looked awesome in odissi costume.... Love from odisha

i just want to recommend HACK DON, i have used his service once and he really did a great job for me by retrieving the lost messages I needed for evidence, also by spying on my husbands phone communications like calls, text, emails, whatsapp and every other thing. someone referred me to him on here and it was helpful, an experience i would live to remember, so i&#39;m doing the same for anyone out there that needs such service. just message him, am quiet sure he will help you figure a way out. Email: hackdonstrong17 at gmail com Text: +19253185176 He&#39;s also on whatsapp +1 219 302 0318

Waste of resources!

Kajol is there so she will be bad.
Am I the only one who missed Mithila&#39;s curly hair️

Well. I have always admired Kajol&#39;s works from my younger days. She has an aura that attracts people who like good movies. As we see actors like Saif Ali Khan doing great script movies and getting works regularly, we don&#39;t see actors like Kajol now and then. I hope to see her more with greater works and better days.

This Kajo... is most overrated actress  She knows to only scream onscreen  She can never do a vulnerable character like Sridevi or Tabu...!!!!  What happened to Helicopter Eela  Tanvi ji is superb
What does a good life mean?
I was expecting more of mithila yarr

Just wow...Will definitely watch it

I have Kajol 
Nice acting all .... me bhohat khushu huu ki  odishi ko lekar story banaya  jay Jagannath. Thanks all members

Again A flop From Bullywood 
Well...... Directed.... Well performed
Bhangar chhe
Tanvi Azmi---flawless acing as always

First time I have to watch Kajol seriously on any web️️️️️️️️️️️️
Bakwas movie

Mithilaaa

Just ️️️️️️️️
I think the cast kajol, mithila &amp; tanvi ji in single frame looking outstanding. Full mark to casting director &amp; producers. Tanvi ji is most fit in role of Kajol&#39;s mother &amp; mithila as Kajol&#39;s daughter looks brilliant match.

Kajol 
Oscar deserving actress kajol

Where is shweta mehendale in this?

Thanks to bollywood for exploring Odisha&#39;s culture ..

Plz subscribe my channel........NEED HELP AND SUPPORT.....
She acts naturally becaz she plays herself mostly ,the same blunt ,free spirited ,loud woman ,and she generally gets the same character everytime It looks good on her personality so it looks natural ,

Bakwas

Kajol️
My life 

Like for Kajol

Gonna watch this film for Kajol ma&#39;am and Mithila Palkar ️️

Ghatiya

I still believe kajol was lucky to make it this long in Bollywood!

Only for KAJOL

Yes yes yes yes ......... Allah bless you Kajol

Why they ruined mithila&#39;s hairs?

Is there anyone who likes this tringa?
Music from Netflix...  Wow..

How are you feeling? These reporters of India will never improve and will never reach anywhere.
I watched the full movie.
Happy New Year 
Mithila is nothing but her hair. Feels like something is lost in her. Please don&#39;t make her hair straight

Best casting ever!! Gems of acting together!!

YOUTUBE ATRAK88 MY WAYS ........THANK YOU

Kajol nepo kid silent to the crimes of your industry sad mother of two but no mother you are shame on you

What a great combination of actors

Kajol starting her 2nd innings wid bang

Initially I thought it&#39;s a movie on Sudha Chandran, inspirational story about a classical dancer who lost her leg..!!

Really excited to watch Kajol and Tanvi Aazmi ...Wish it was tripti Dimri instead of Mithila ...She nearly made Karwaan unwatchable but for Irfan and Dulquer

Nice trailer 
Like Kajol

Kajol is the best actress in Indian film

Average content mila Kajol lo she deserves evem high than that !!

Its tribhangi not tribhanga the basic step of odissi!! You are basing a movie on a dancer and not even the basic research. Netflix India is supremely disappointing

Watch madagaja trailer
Copied from a Bengali movie..anyway that&#39;s Bollywood.. nothing is original here. Abhang sabhang tribhang sab bhanga..

Unlike her actresses of her age, Kajol is actually choosing off beat scripts and being in action.

Kajol

Hey @netflix web series law
Wow...no words...all talented actress and marvelous script

Netflix show mention film at list important credits of the film. Every time I see a great Trailer on netflix youtube channel, I gave to google it WRITER, DIRECTOR, and other important people related to the film. I Request you guy to please give this information with the trailer.

Where did the bitch come back?
Hey Netflix, if you like this comment, I will take 1 month subscription.

I think this is going to be a fully enjoyable performances...

Woman like deep sea u drowning drowning &amp; drowning....... But never reach his pain to understand

Kajol&#39;s screen presence is on another level.. She is a legend...

Kajol still with he acting capabilities can put all starkids out of jobs hands down hit like if you agree

Story seems to be a lil or more striking similar to Shakuntala Devi&#39;s mother-daughter duo relations....

Mithila Palkar ️️
Kuch toh original banalo, yeh bhi hollywood ka remake hain..

Alot of girls have dysfunction relation with their mother. It&#39;s going to hit those girls on a different level. I am one of those girl.

but....... why papyrus? :/

Mithila looking so different in straight hair..I just love her curls

Kajol is a great actress..️️
Place place ...ghisa pita
Wow kajol

Kajol the queen

Brother, I don't understand much.
A starkid who can act

Kajol is Kajol that&#39;s it️

Kajol and tanvi ma&#39;am 

Imagine Mithila &quot;Patankar&quot;
Chutiyapanti. Roona dhona aur Randi Rona. I&#39;d rather watch 1992 scam again.

Kajol 
Guys I can feel that this is crazy and really heart touching series we deserve.

Awesome trailer , nice actors and still it will be shitty story line.

I promise to try to remember who   I am. Wife gets up on one elbow, 

Please cast kunal Roy kapoor more often Bollywood !!!

Absolutely flawless...we need more of this ️️️

Kajol still rulling the world even without doing any item songs &amp; wearing shorts...&amp; She&#39;s Looking more Young &amp; Prettiest day by day

Kajol&#39;s acting &amp; Tanvi ji&#39;s grace ️️️
The remake of Alfonso Cuarón directed Roma may not be released, everything else is fine.
Kajol - she is one wonder in this industry.. an actor who did not take her talent seriously. Eagerly waiting.

Mithila Palkar you rocks as usual

_Mam, how did you feel when your mother remained in a coma? How did you feel that your mother remained in a coma?
This is going to be the best movieKajol-A legendMithila- to be legendWhat else do you need?? Can&#39;t wait️️️

Eyes locked by seeing kajol

it&#39;s like bd films &quot;3rd person singular number &quot;

will watch for mithila palkar !!! she believes in content not production houses !!! serious actors don&#39;t do tv ads !!!

Wow

At last kajol came back

Here for mithila. :)

Kajol️
It&#39;s a story which looks a bit refreshing....!Keep up the good work.

Kajol is my all time favourite ..

Nice

Subscribe &amp; Like for KAJOL

Mithali

Yaar Baaki sab to thik hai but Over acting bahut jyada karti hai Kajol

Mithila looks super cute with  curlyy hairs...️

Now this is what is called is called acting.. powerful performance. Bollywood is incomplete without Kajol, Aish, Rani.. ️

I&#39;m Waiting
Best characters in one film  I will definitely gonna watch all my favourite

I&#39;m always impressed by Kajol, her acting range is just outstanding.

Pakistani movie cake ki copy
Best seen

All things r fantastic but I want to know why nowadays heroine need to be shown having cigarette or drinking alcohol ?

Nice

Cannot wait ️

Can&#39;t  have enough of kajol ever...Mother of two and she is breathetakingly gorgeous...only kajol can say those lines....ab toh coma me chali gyi....ab ghumte raho bina taar ke wireless...

He is roll model

Kajol looks gorgeous... For her Age is just a number.

My favorite actress kajol

Kajol... Undoubtedly very Talented ️... Wish she would not have been from Dirty Bollywood ... Otherwise Thumbs up to the Whole Team of Tribhanga

Don&#39;t Know why but i almost started crying ,  specially when Kajol in Emotional Role ..... !   And dialogue looks really strong part of this Film.....

Mithila missing those curl hair , but still this is superb

I want kajol&#39;s dusky color back

I am sure this movie will be Rock.

My all time favorite kajol... Luv u...

Nice video..zara watch humare v channel ko khlo yaro
Kajol️
Outstanding
Kajol was always good actors in the bollywood....nice trailer

No one can match the class of Kajol man,literally the queen of Bollywood

There is still so so much that the 90’s actresses can give to audiences. Sad that very few good, meaty scripts are written for them n those very few scripts and meaty roles are always given to a selected few. Kajol as usual is a delight to watch. OTT platforms can breathe new life n dimensions to these actresses and really bring out something new to them.

I&#39;ll watch this only because of Kunal Roy Kapoor

I don&#39;t understand trailer.

The grace is all captured within the Odissi outfit 

I think we are now going to have good content and acting.

No one better than Kajal in bollywood. Outstanding

one of the unhated star kid having amazing talent... kajol... wow

Natural acting makes it more special Best cast
Amazing castAll actor&#39;s acting are soo effortless 
She is paying second time of kajol mom role in the movie after dushman

Mithila
Renuka
Kajol 🇳🇵
so happy to see that finally odisi dance is recognized in bollywood platform. Its the greatest form cultural dance:)))

Mithila without her signature hair style ️

Mithali ️

Here After Salman Khan Tweet
Kajol is the best Indian actress I love her ️️️️️🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦
&quot;My Dad is ill&quot;&quot;And I have not job and money&quot;&quot;YouTube not giving me views&quot;&quot;I want to handle my family&quot;&quot;Ya I m worse than others&quot;

awesome

Kajol... Kajol... Kajol

My boy Richard Lovatt getting beaten with the umbrella there!

I m so glad to see our odissi costume in first scene

Wow achi story hai emotional bhi hai thodi chat pati relax relationship ko batane wali lots of sacrifice omg  good job kajol ji  and all team ️

Happy to see the 90&#39;s actressess reinventing themselves outside the regimes of the 90&#39;s heroes.They managed to take away their share of fame back then but not now.Our women will thrive in their independence just like they have been in their patriarchy.

Interesting trailer....

Kajol
KAJOL   -    MIND  BLOWING

Kajol is forgetting how to act. Now she&#39;s just loud in the name of natural acting. With time, she is still stuck in her old ways of doing movies and the worst part is she doesn&#39;t even realise that.

Meethila palkar ️️️️️️️️️JUST KILLED IT HER PERFORMANCE... Marathi girl ️️️️
Nepo Product Kunal Roy Kapur was not taken!
Any AKshay kumar fans here ️
Why every daughter who hates her mother  shares the same name &quot;Anu&quot;.First Sanya Malhotra In Shakuntala Devi and now Kajol in Tribhanga.

I think that reporter haven&#39;t sence   such a stupid question...

Can anyone suggest me good series of Netflix I want to start some new series ?

Kajol has such an irritating voice

Oooooo oooo️Love from Odisha
Abhi also spark gaya hai...Kajol ma'am
Our very own Kajol once again, best of luck ️

Will watch for Mithila ️

This is Zoe Kravitz&#39;s story in Big little lies! Atleast give credit Netflix 

Tralier told the whole story, now what to watch the film
Eagerly waiting for this movie. The trailer is so good.

𝙺𝚊𝚓𝚘𝚕 𝚗𝚒𝚌𝚎 𝚊𝚌𝚝𝚒𝚗𝚐
I can tell you by looking at the trailer that this is going to be a very bad film....

I have great kajol
Good women characters

Netflix, it&#39;s high time to start giving credits to writers, director, editor, cinematographer etc.. Badly disappointed by what&#39;s going on..

&quot;Life is short thing &quot;&quot;Girlfriend is nothing &quot;&quot;Parents are motivation &quot;Support is everything that I need

If ever sex education made in india kajol will be ms Millburn

Sorry Kajol Bollywood is dead for me

Nice trailer

Kajol ️
It&#39;s going to be awesome .So overwhelmed to see Kajol as an Odissi Dancer , seeing odissi is so rare .   Looking forward to it more now. Thank you to the director and Netflix

Kajol in Odishi costumeLooks elegant 

Will watch it for sure ...
Kajol....All the best...Interesting.

Kajol’s overacting is intolerable.  She was struggling in some scenes too and had a lot of false moments.

Odishi dance
Kajol should get roles like 20s lady.... She is still looking like a teen.... She should try to do more younger roles like Divya Khosla Kumar.

Beautiful

Kajol looking so young &amp; pretty 

Nice.

Mithila in straight hairs....
Waiting for you kajol.....

Nice to see kajol again

I&#39;m waiting for your support!!

Only kajol

It might be a good movie. But the trailer was cut very poorly.

Omg I cannot wait

Renuka’s film looks good and intense,..

Der aaye prr kajol aaye It&#39;s always a wonderful experience and excitement to see Kajol on screen she is the top actress who always makes her audience wow I am always be a big fan her ️

Utter bullshit .

Kajol in Netflix!!??  My childhood crush here i come
Can&#39;t wait,  trailer ho toh aise, lots of mysterious scenes 

so 16th century yeh maa beti ka drama.

Where are mithali &#39;s curls ..they are her trademark ..almost unrecognisable  Ps I love her

what acting, what expressions, what energy... Kajol a living legend.

netflix should give chances to independent actors and not nepo-kids and karan jocker&#39;s drugs gang.

I love this Bollywood web series

With regret- Bad acting quite visible.. :-(

Tanvi Azmi after mithila Parkar?? Netflix seems to have no respect for seniority

Mother is like this....eager to watch superb performance of kajol mithila
Very good story, many people can connect to it.

Why would anyone want to see kajol&#39;s loud acting  on  Screen again

Another flop
Stop Indian news media channels and start some more platforms like Netflix..this will fill the people&#39;s hurt by love , affection and knowledge.

This trailer looks amazing, finally a movie with no bad scenes or abuses. Can&#39;t wait to watch

Wanna see more of Mithila.

I think there is some uncanny resemblance with the plot from Shakuntala Devi movie. The relationship which is shown between Shakuntala devi, her mother and her daughter.

Woww Kajol is back  ️ trailer looks great.. will definitely watch

Brother jaan
Renuka I have ️
Woow Sallu promoted

Was she abused

Always love kajol️
looks promising

Okk 2021is going to go good as I saw this trailer with some real acting and those efforts kajol mam  aap toh guru ho ️ we love u mam

Kajol best
Outstanding performance kajol mam...️
Kunal roy kapur...
Kajol in blue saree with &quot;Odissi&quot; costume... Just wowLove from odisha ️

Story seems to be different and lady oriented. Waiting

Nashedi kangana should learn acting from kajol.. she need to do more work Cox people love to watch her on screen .. great performer and legend actresses..

Trivanga vs Tandaav. Which will win?

Kajol outshines all.. Kunal’s  acting is so bad ..doesn’t live up to the mark

Who else is scrolling down to read comments first 

No understanding came
I GUESS this movie is about sexual harassment.

Netflix Is The Best Platform &amp; Kajol is the best actress.

Mithila is the fantastic actress

&quot;How do you feel if your mother is in a coma&quot;... ? Best answer Kajol ma'am... The media needs that answer..
I will watch this film to see Vaibhav Tatwawaadi&#39;s acting.

Mithila Palker Little Things wali yaad aayi ️
It seems like Kabhi Kabhi's Kajol and Ranbir Kapoor's naked naked acting has taken place in the blood. What acting are these people doing? Jo role do ek dum perfect karte hain.
Odisha people&#39;s report here 

Wow full of emotions.. Got goosebumps.. must care for ur family ..

Mithila Palkar looking very beautiful

Background music amazing

I love mithila
Wait a sec ! Kajol is playing Mithila Plakar&#39;s mother? And she has no issues with it !  What&#39;s wrong with our &quot;heros&quot; through? When will they finally be actors ?

Finally mithila got the chance to get a role in a movie with big superstars ️️

Same old family drama..nafrat,pyaar,sacrifices..

The combo pack of Odishi and KajolMy both two favourites are together ️️

Forget all the facts , why a cute girl like Mithila is shown in aunty Avatar But then too my only reason to watch it is Mithila ️️️

Papyrus!

always wondered how mithila palkar would look like in straight hair

OP...️
Excited, Mithila ️ Kajol  Tanvi 
Mithila 

This will stand up to the expectations ️

Omg mithila is lookin way gorgeous then her before curly hair looks

This is a masterpiece, mark my words

Dialogues were written in english and translated quite poorly into hindi..didn&#39;t expect such a lack of effort.



Here for Kajol ️
All the best 

Brother, please stop showing the full story of the movie in the trailer, friend of Hindi cinema.
what does thedi medi meaning?
Nice

What is this that makes a garden?
Mithila Palkar...oh my god! what a stunner you are!!!!

Thanks netflix to realease on my birthday ️

So happy that it’s based on odishi dance...

toxic parent-children relationships ... about time we made a story on this deep dark toxic space

1000% vahiyaat h
I really appreciate Netflix for choosing these legends for what they are worthy for️️️

Looking very similar to movie Shakuntla devi

Kajol always superb ....

If movies are &quot;Rajma Chawal&quot; then Kunaal Roy Kapur is the &quot;Dahi&quot;

Odissi finally gets its moment in the sun...

All time blackbuster telair

Feeling proud by seeing odishi costume in this film.. Our culture is to save our culture... Love this trailer...

It&#39;s disheartening that few public has still not awakened, supporting them and make them rich to let use this money against our own country. Not right. Bollywood is run by the bigg D, drug mafia, plz public come out of all this show business and fantasies

Only and only for kajol. ️

strong story

what to say he will try now
Nice

Content 

So the Vidya balan movie where the mathematical genius is shown from the point of view of the daughter. Really dissappointed at kajol.

huge hit
This series will become a hit in Marathi
Directed by Renuka Shahane !

So Can Netflix bring SRK-Kajol back too?
Kajol 
I am big Mithila fan . Congratulations for your new film .Hope to see you in many more.Loads of love and really excited to watch this movie .

Will watch it for the one and only.. Kajol 

Wowwww

Looks interesting and heartwarming

Kajol ma&#39;am is so natural ... U r the lady Amitabh Bachchan of indian cinema ... Fabulous ...

Kajol is the best. Period.

So much time has passed but Kajol's acting is very beautiful. Generally no one can take Kajol's place in Bollywood now.
Odishi dance makeup main  dikh rehe ho mam ️
Thanks for giving Odisha dance a place in the film
Kajol mam you r looking awesome,eagerly waiting

Can&#39;t wait to watch this epic blockbuster  Kajol.., Tanvi Azmi.., Mithila

Kajol is a clear example that senior actresses can work , actually better than some senior actors . So no need to pair lead actors with age difference of almost generations

Is it coming on Netflix

Acting will be good..baki sb faltu niklega

Im so excited for this!!

I can sense a crazy emotional roller coaster incoming...

My love Kajolis back
That mom is all alone and scattered....She requires a love......a love of having a daughters ️

This is Renuka Shahane&#39;s second film as a director and first Hindi directorial. ️

feels like shakuntala devi part 2
Here After Sapman Khans Tweet.

Kajol is outstanding 

I love Kajol
Mithila with straight hairrrrrr

I will feed you.
I Love kajol from saudi arabia she is icon

can&#39;t wait️We love kajol
Who is watching from odisha Like here 

<b>PLEASE DON&#39;T IGNORE THIS</b>Hi guys...I have a YouTube channel <b><i>Learn With Burhan</i></b> on which I upload Math videos. Please visit it and help me in completing 1k subscribers..<b>Thank you</b>

<b>PLEASE DON&#39;T IGNORE THIS</b>Hi guys...I have a YouTube channel <b><i>Learn With Burhan</i></b> on which I upload Math videos. Please visit it and help me in completing 1k subscribers..<b>Thank you</b>

Pehle k actors n actresses jyda talented the mehnat krte the...aajkal har kisi ko role dete h....

HindiPlz=Yatra..FalaknumaDas..Evaru..Kshanam..Dongata..Kiss..Maravan..Sathya2..Ranarangam..PadipadiLechemanasu..Mahanubhavudu..Ntapethunai..RgvVangaveeti..RGVAttack..RgvLAKSHMI..Tesla. .Vettai..NaanThondan..90ML..CHINA..Dasharatha..ARJUNA..KALKI..Rocky..Thorati..Khakii..Pogaru..Pellichoopulu..Njaan..Kali..Charlie..CIA..Lens ..Indian..Taramani..Vaa..Nota..Thegidi..JilJungjunk..Kaali...8mmBullet..Kalki..Mask..Virus..Jigarthanda2..Kanaa..OruAdaar..Vettai..Titanic. .Kaalidas..Nindrukolvaan..Asuran..Vairajavai..Mafia..K13..28&#39;c..JOker..MEI..Gypsy..Tiyaan..Nine..Oppam.Agnidev..Visaaranai..Nightout ..Naam..Nonsense..MrLocal..Hero..Seemaraja..Superdeluxe..Puramokku..ImaikkaaNodigal..Vasuki..KolaiyuthirKaalam..AmjaliCbi..Puramokku..Premadesam...Party....VenkatApuram.. ..Uru....PuthanPanam....Thobama....Vaaimai....kolaigaran....PonManickavel...SigramThodu....VelvetNagaram...Theeviram....Sathuraangavetta2.... Serversundaram...Thorati..Srirastu...Peruchazhi...DKBOSE...Sathuraangavetta...VAA....Uttamavillain..Arimanambi....Kuttrametandanal...OrukuppaiKathai...Theevandi...Kaamuki. ...Bhayanakam...100....118....Tharangam.....ALLURamendran.....Sundaram...Dandupalyamg.....Bramman....AanDevathai..... Kaali......Naragasooran...TamizhPadam2......Arjunsuravaram.....AgentSaiSrinivasa...47DAYs....EnaiNlokipaayumThota....DHrum....VanjagarUlagam...EEMAYAU.. ..NinuThathalachi...ThappuThanda.....HERO....Biju...Sakhavu.....RANGA.......RDXLOVE....KanniRasi....Kaithi.... Rocky....JADA......Aruvam....Kalavani 2........
It looks awesome 

Why Netflix ? Why ? These shows shouldnt be on netflix . Bad Trailer .

Waiting soo 
Who&#39;s Here Just For Mithila Palkar 
Brilliant! I just hope the movie lives up to the expectations set by the trailer

three best actress in one film wowww....

We love you Kajol  Can&#39;t wait to watch the movie!!!!  Super duper excited! 
Kajol ji finds beef very tasty.
Kunal Roy Kapoor came a long way. Great actor

When Kajol do a movie, I know the story line must be have a good quality. She is so selective. And btw, Kajol&#39;s beauty and her natural acting,  are enough to light up the movie.

Weoow

She is looking awesome in odishi dance costume..️
Welcome back Kajol

Now we can  expect good stories from Netflix only,not from  fucking Bollywood

She is amazing. Can&#39;t wait to watch this movie,!!!

Yuvraj Singh has started doing movies also?
Wonderful world for Kajol️Love from Indonesia 🇮🇩

&#39;&#39; Ab toh cut gaye na Coma main chale gayi ha ab ghumo bina taar ke WIRELESS &#39;&#39; Wha a funny dialogue by Kajol. Thanks to Netflix for making such a Masterpiece .

It seems like Anu is gonna to be another Anjali , so funny Kajol.

I can feel international vibe videography in this

Who is here after salman khan&#39;s tweet?

Another remarkable performance of Kajol ! Mind blowing ! Can&#39;t wait ..

I know the boy in delhi belly

Looks amazing

Outstanding trailer 

Here for Mithila 

Another trash movie les goooooooo

It’s been a while since I last watched a trailer and couldn’t hold back my tears. What a power-packed performance by these ladies! I can already see myself bawling my eyes out even more while watching the movie. Just wow! 

Greatest, Great &amp; Mithali for you i m watching this

I&#39;M SO EXCITED!!!!!

Kajol is the main reason why 90%of the audiences  will watch the movie. I&#39;m very excited for kajol mam&#39;s comeback nd the story looks very interesting as well 

This story is a bit similar to shakuntala devi..... What say?!

Kajol Ma&#39;am superb come back 
Then we viewers are the Charbangas!

My fevourite actress forever she is so wonderful and outstanding proformr 
Kajol as usual , thank you Netflix for bringing her back again ️

CAME HERE AFTER SALMAN KHAN&#39;S TWEET! ALL THE BEST KAJOL. LIKED THE TRAILER

Earlier i would have watched it for kajol.. But now i will be watching this for Mithila only..Mithila fans hit like...

Outstanding Trailer
Lots of expectations !!! Tanvi azmi,Kajol &amp; mithila ... Great!

All three leading ladies are looking beautiful together...

Woww.. love the trailer...

Kajol did less movies...but what she did was amazing.
Very nice

Sure shot hit

I&#39;m from darbhanga and watching the trailer of tribhabga

Hi

This is far better than crap like coolie no 1

Mithilaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

Wait.. who changed the hairstyle of Mithila and WHYY??

One Of The Best Trailer

But no one would like to see or like all this....Uff
Mithila looks more like kajol&#39;s daughter than nysa....

Kya ajeeb story hai

Who is here after Salman bhai Tweet..like here

Mithila!️
Kajol aaj bhi 18 years ki girl lagti h very cute 

Please please please there be some marathi dialogue in this movie, the three leads definitely speak Marathi well

She is a amazing actress ever

Favourite kajol
Finally our mithila is back big fan 

is this a biopic on hema malini ?

Revealed every thing in trailer 

Fabulous
Waiting
Came through salman tweet

Wowww.. kajol my all time fav actress and how she is aging reversely the confident she wears while enacting any character is simply natural.

Looks promising.. Will watch it..

Nice

I miss mithila palkar curls
Kajol acting is sandwich btw thoda film kuch kuch hota Hai &amp; thoda film Dushamani type of drama

Kajool ️️️
She is acting like a bitch or she is acting like a bitch.
Trailer didn&#39;t sell..for me..
this is what we need.Not copy paste movies.

Kajol is sooooo beautiful ️. Three of them are pretty

Outstanding acting
️Bhool Jaata Hoon Pareshaniyan Zindagi Ki Saari, Maa Apni God Mein Jab Mera Sar Lati Hai Lati Hai ️️1 Like  Means 1 Love for your mother
Now it is not fun to look at old people, they have gone away again, look at them.
Only on netflix and telegram!

Firse streamfest karo
Salmanfan
Here after Akshay Kumar tweet
Flop totally flop

I have seen Salman Bhai's reason,,,,
Kajol ️whenever she is in screen..it lights up

So excited to watch this...

Woww this looks epic All the best 

Aigaaaaa. Ghub chan you gave!!!!
Why are so many great movies only on Netflix?? 

Who is here? Came from Salman Khan's tweets.
Just looking forward to it.So excited to see this trio on screen.

Kajol Fans hit the like button ️️
Thank u Netflix india u are awesome. I love Kajol can&#39;t wait to watch on the 15th

KGF CHAPTER 2 TEASER -8 JANUARY 10:18 AMARE YOU SO EXCITED??
One sight at the costume, knew it&#39;s odissi and the whole trailer finished in anticipation of another odissi shot. 

After seeing Salman sir tweet I m here wonderful trailer
I know its just a trailet man , but....why the hell am I crying!!

Three Marathi actresses from three diff generations...this is going to be gooooddddd....!
