Salman Khan Sir Dhoom 4 ️
Salman Sir 
The full Dhoom 4 link, please
Dhoom4 A HRITHIK sir thakle vlo hobe

Hirtck Roshan dhoom4 da da da da aDada dadada da da dada dada Dhoom bgam ok
To karo folder comedy
salman khan sahiye
salman khan sahiye
Brainstorm for fun


Wow

No i wanted amir khan in dhoom 4 or john abrahim not srk or tiger shroff

Meet every year
What is the name of the rider?
Hopefully dhoom4 will hit
do you know what is the meaning of officer teaser, why you making people fool just for getting some likes and money

Always happy salman khan
bhausda hollywood movie ka seen laga ke chutiya banata he bc

I want to exchange my eyes with a man who have not seen this bullshit video

Train be like - ha ye kr lo pehle
Ready hojai sab bhai boycott
Bakwaas
After seeing banaras trailer dhoom 4 hint, this looks real 

Physics: lagta hai laude lagne wale hain

Best dhoom till now is DHOOM 2 containing Hritik......he is the best....

Nice race

Salman Khan thodek bhi suit nahi Karte hai Dhoom mein hena 

2.2 M views 

You moron!!! Just wasting time of everybody!!! Just change the title u idiot!

Srk

Yes it is a film. Ki video games
Please link full Movie Dhoom 4...
These khan will be flop

Aamir khan ️
Super video nice
Is dfa Koch nya dikaho ak nhi tho tho choor dekhao

Hrithik Roshan ka extra rool acha ho ga drex diler rool
Salman  sharukh or Salman do no ko nhi Lena chye ranver best and ackshakoomar and abishiq bachan best ranver say flim soper hit hojay gi ranver choor ka rool best rha ga

Choor ka rool ranver kapoor raha ga best
AA Dhoom4Tiger 12345 Hit
Dhooom 4 Tiger 12345
Guys come on this is brutally killing of physics, agar ye acceptable hai toh sellu ka action bhi justified hai

fheelee. hartt kishkee hee. John. super. accsonn. move. bharttkaa. fheala. Orr. aagebihee. Mera. pash. riealyy. story. 6.biduutt.jamall.tigearr.johon.. 3.acson.hiro.ka.move directoaer bonugaa
salman rahega toh.  movie tata by by khatam

bike stand Ajay devgan sir  perfect dhom 4
No dhoom 4 please delete trailer

Everyone has been showing only trailers for last 3 years.
Aree bhootni keDhoom 4 ka trailer release kar diya tanneFake Video mat banaya kare
Mujhe dhoom movie acci hai hai
Akshay Kumar, Salman Khan &amp; Ajay devgn kat rina dhoom4
If Salman Khan is in a movie then I will not go to the movie.
Dhoom 4again with Hrithik 
Hindi translation of Torque: Dhoom hota he woh aaj pata chala.....
Anibhash baii. Riealy hiro

Baii jindabaaad
Baleasrr kaaa Donn

Asilll chuurrr
Soryy.
Doon

Akcson kaa masrttaer baii. Anibash Baii
0 soon though you&#39;re though it was p on Coco on c to to u to in the process do pic do if FB he is go on too pic so Po hi so on too bc to it U of I of course will pick tat boo boo hg do bc do find

Story

Salman Khan hiro

Storyy
Torque movie ke scene

Salman boi is perfect because he is expert in driving

without John dhoom is incomplete

125cc make speed 120 in City &amp; u both bullshitS 160 / 170 what a fuck KIDS RACES its like back of home little kid play ground only BUG BUG PICK PICK

Aunty benish kashif kamoiz kesaath kare kaise kaise bhi meineb kesaathchachoo omar ka darsha kesath air musa ashal youtube imais mughal ke saath aunty benish benish bawas band khayi
Imagine ifSimba Sooryanvanshi Singham Mr. A Don And Tiger colab 
you will not survive
Aditya sir please think of Sonu Sood for Dhoom 4.

Music is awesome but i think the scenes are from english movie not dhoom 4.

Vidyut Jammwal is perfect for Dhoom 4

Ffdgjfduuddhvcsrg
Moasm khan

Selmon boi ‍️‍️‍️.
Please all films doom. Doom 2 .dookm.3 doom 4 all on netflix not just fackts
nice

aamir khan is best for dhoom.
Fan made bakwas
Customers gamble by playing games of chance, in some cases with an element of skill, such as craps, roulette, baccarat, blackjack, and video poker. ... Casinos sometimes give out complimentary items or comps to gamblers. Payout is the percentage of funds (&quot;winnings&quot;) returned to players.

Srk is best for dhoom 4

We should appreciate to Salman Khan fabulous to Skf production<a href="">#dhoom4</a> launching with action achivement inspire ️best of Luck 

Dhoom 4 Sidharth malhotra is the beste

Sanjay
Dhoom 4 salman is not good for rhi movie it&#39;s not like jhon, ritik and amir no no

Achaa dhoom 4 tha bhai 

Mega Mc
Dhoom is for Hrithik only now . &amp; Bring bikes like h2r , tomohawk, turbo busa and cars like Bugatti bolide, AMV Valkyrie, Devel 16 .

What a fool you are
AUR Koi Nahi Mila
Dhoom 1

Salman khan will be there
Wow hritik roshan what style is great perfection
Fake but I loved dhoom

I can&#39;t wait dhoom4

Hero

Prabhas

Akshay Aamir Khan

Race 4 and Dhoom 4 Saif Ali Khan

This is a seen of movie not trailer Ok 

Aaliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
I m waiting for this movie 

who is this

yes... after 8 years not knowing what to do with the black money they ammased from we stupid viewers watching copycat action cuts and stories, THEY ARE BACK... ON THE BIG SCREEEN TO MAKE THEM SELVES LOOK LIKE LOONY TUNES...  FLEX on !!!! ur muscles while weeping/ romace / action / and after playing dead all the screen with  gravity defying scenes that even bugs bunny and roadrunner are gonna drop their jaws down .......   lol

vidhyut jemwal and tiger shroff full paisa usool

<a href="">1:24</a>

Hrithik Raushan is perfect for Dhoom 4
Makers will take idea from your trailer bro don&#39;t be sad

The cars are toy cars  Hollywood wale graphics se toy car ko vi asli jaise present karte hain ... Lol

Dhoom 4... Only For Salman Khan ️ Megastar Salman Khan Sir ️
I dont think salman khan will be good for dhoom 4 because we see them already in race 3 and tiger zinda hai etc its better to choose srk of hrithik

Prabas and fabarik Hero prabas Chara Dhoom 4 manaba na

Ha ha ha
Gajab,

Prabas is perfect for dhoom 4

4

Dhoom 4 mein Ranveer Singh ko hona chahiye Kon agree karta hai ? 

I.pramish...baert..bhahubali..no..indiaanmove..bartt.. prabhash.nam..bhahubali.tieall.
Sorry...turiiti...

My..story...riealy..mahanjdrr
Voeash..i.g.nidhi.agarwal..dog.prableam..sidhibart..sopaert..tamill.cfe..odisa boy.telntead..i.freand..chandan

Salman Khan 4..5..sharukhh.i..6
Dhoom 4 Me Salman Khan Sir Ka Bike Run Chase Scene Or Helicopter Scene Movie Ko All Time Blockbuster Movie Bana Dega ️ Megastar Salman Khan Sir ️
Vidyut Jamwal and Deepika Padukone is the right choice of action movie bcz public wants Vidyut Jamwal for younger marshel arts and crafts

Dhoom4 prabhas️
Prabhas...matlab paisa wasol️️️।
But when that come

It&#39;s not dhoom 4 trailer but video  is supee

This was the best quality bullshit I&#39;ve seen in recent times!

Torque movie ka scene h chutiya banana band karo logo...

Wait what?? Selmon bhai and Abhishek Bachchan in same movie. Are you kidding 

The amount required to make a pussy is also 1.5 mil. Who made the logo?
Successfully reported

Wow what a fake video 

RIP PHYSICS 

This seen is from torque

Who made this type of rubbish flim..

This is a scene from &quot;Torque&quot; movie to be honest 

The dog was given in the canal of Choti Ganga.
Which movie scene?

Chutiye..saala..edit ..
Dhoom 4 . it s very difficult to beat ( Kamili &amp; Malang from Dhoom 3 ) we will see the action and the songs !!!!!

Ye kya bkhcodi ha bike wali in train hahhahah chutiyapaaa
Have you seen the action of tarmetar movie or not ke dhoom 4 ka chutiya aadmi
what the fuck man. title kuch aur contain kuch aur

i like it

Jhat sa trailer
Salman khan would be best for this
Kya bakwas h

Dhoom 4 kaa Teri Mami religion
Still Hritik roshan the best...my best actor bollywod...love from malaysia 

When will Dhoom 4 be released?
Salman Khan Dhoom4 best

salman khanye
Please I pray that salman Khan is not in this movie. He will destroy it.

R e.born

 shroff is best

Can&#39;t wait 

Salmon bhoi in thumbnail
Excellent
Dhoom 4 full movie

Dhoom (2004) ⮘ f&#39;u&#39;l&#39;l M&#39;o&#39;V&#39;i&#39;E ⮘➼ playforfullhere.blogspot.com//tt0422091/Xw5E`All Subtitle `√ Lorsqu&#39;une pilule qui donne aux utilisateurs cinq minutes de super pouvoirs inattendus arrive dans les rues de..!️Thank you for reorganizing the live broadcast from now on! The live broadcast on this day was pretty awesome! More than 10,000 people watched it (lol) Carrots are the best! I was so excited when I accidentally forgot to turn off the camera. #39; Morikazu poor member. However, humanity's will to survive has been slightly rejected, stripped or destroyed, and the basic needs of humanity have reached a kind of way of life, with the continuation of the continuation of its DNA integration and uninterrupted development of human society. . I don't want to eat food, but I don't need it, so I don't want to eat it. Reciprocal, there are other countries that have a similar view of meat and Japanese cuisine. Other schools meet clean, sliced ​​meat, seasoned vegetables, Japanese meat, food &#39;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&#39; la Nouvelle-Orléans, un adolescent marchand et un policier local doivent faire équipe avec un ancien soldat pour _faire tomber le groupe responsable de sa fabrication.&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;
John chor and salman police

Aryujan V
Arun bareth
𝐆𝐨𝐨𝐝
Dhoom 4 talar

2018 is gra v

Dhoom 4 Rereche Dhoom 2 is good
This sendo is very beautiful
Naika looks very beautiful
How many clothes do you wear?
Hrithik is my dear hero, this episode is very beautiful
Waste of time youth and money

Bana raha hai salt
SRK &amp; Salman Khan has been old now,, they can&#39;t do movies like Dhoom 4....This is the time of Vidhut, Hrithik, Tiger like star...

So the whole movie is about racing you jerk this is taking from a different movie clip you jerk

it&#39;s fake bro

Great scen

Wow 
Chutiyapa

This is fucking fake 

Want Ajay Devgan's song
Fake one

One more concept for dhoom 4 or 5 Bring back -John Abraham, hritik roshan, and amir khan in one movie against Abhishek like sooryavanshi .Change the era.

I just like the remix

Just search all neppos movie trailer and hit dislike buttons without view<a href="">#JusticeForSushantSinghRajput</a> <a href="">#CBIBreakSilenceInSSRCase</a> Ye bollywood nippos haste h hum perUnko lagta h hum inki movies dekhenge <a href="">#BoycottBollywoodFilms</a>

Lo Bhai ye tu record torgi pakka

Smoky eyes ash

Its race or dhowa

Aishwariya look gorgeous....look smart.
1k dislike from my side
10987654321865767758574747576676778987877770

Qlfodifdkddkdffkfkfififfififfififififkfoffkfjfjffjdffifidididkdididdiddowpfododidodidifdodod oddididdiddidididididdifididdididddididididdidididdidodiddiddidididdididddodiddididididdiddodidodododdo
When is the real date please tell me
LOL

R to raddi filim bakwass

Salman Khan for dhoom 4

No one can be better than John Abraham
salman ko liya to phir wo apni family chutiyapa karke dhoom series ki gand marlega.

District Aya g
Salman Khan mc tha h or rhega

hrithik roshan 
Gand Phad Dunga Agar Ye Movie Salman Chutia Ne Ki Toh
This films Torque... Not Dhoom 4 fucking bulshitt

Eur you have to go to sleep with you and I uu

<b>Dhoom 4 = Hrithik + Priyanka + John Abraham + Katrina Kaif</b>
Bakwass

Gk tayang&quot;
Dhoom 4 me salman khan .he will make it  race 4 nonsense

Good luck
Salman in dhoom hahaha
fuck u capycat ass holes
ma love Dhoom4
Which movie's scene is it? Brother please reply everyone.
Salamn hog to supaer hit he

Dhoom 4 main Terminator?
1098765443321745744540

Qhiehehehrhrjrhrhrjrhehdhehehehehehrhrhrfffgfgwhrhishejejfhh hehigdghfjdgjfekegj
Huh can't wait for doom4 to air
Dhoom 4 hrithik Roshan chahie

Salman
Prabhas is good for dhoom 4

Without Aamir KHAN??????????

I am curious to know why these people have made the trailer of Dhoom 4?
Salman Khan should not be there
Ajay devgan dhoom 4 hona chahie
Faltu

It was great, I sing my song and play my role, Yaqoub Arfai
It was great, I sing my song and play my role, Irfan Arfai
Dhoom 4 Hindi picture film
If Salman Khan does not come then we will see him in Dhoom 4.
Fake

Kutte kaminey ye dhoom 4 apke baap ne banayi hai...lier
Duniyaa ka saves garibh insaan hai..tu Aditya chopra...lead actor ko 30 lakh.....baas...chili bhaag patani main dubh maare....
BhiKari production house.....Yash Raj films...Given 30 lakhs to Sushant Singh...Saala kidhar dalega this much money....BhiKari films...Aditya chopra...BhiKari hai tu... ..
very nise

Film is troque hhhhh no dhoom 
M

Torque Hollywood film ...... Bastard.....

This is fake true is prabhas and disha pathani s dhoom

YRF not declare it officially....fake news

Aamir khan is best for dhoom series.but i   think dhoom 3 is last one of dhoom series .🇱🇰

Show it, bro
Good dog
Anjay mounted mobile on the way
The complete
When it is published
Dhoom4 me Amir khan Avisek bacchan Hritik roshan john Abraham Uday chopra sharukh khan Salman khan tiger shroff Katrina Kaif
Salman Khan Shahrukh Khan's father
Fake

Bhai please send me dhoom 2 hritik roshan my name parmodh nishad 9569266294 chat to whatsapp

Take Hrithik Roshan
torque movie scene
Slman.khan

Torque

It's a marunga chutiya
Bhosada fuck hai yeh saab
Dhoom aw na are yar

Why are you interested in this world?
yea koy dhoom 4 ka trailer nahi ha. just show.
yea koy dhoom 4 ka trailer nahi ha. just show.
In dhoom 4 there is tigger shroff

Salman Bhai storm la denge
I think imraan hasmi wii be best for dhoom 4

Nice Fake tho

Rubik rosan

very funny...nice.

fuck this

No Salman plz. Movie ki ki ki tesi ho jayegi ho jayegi to raha hai.Ajay or Akki are the best.
English movie touque ka cutting scene hai
Bekaar trailer
Ajay devgan dhoom 4 me villain hogaTo movie blockbusterHogi only ajayAjay ajayBest

Hey guys, Akshay Kumar has signed Dhoom 4, how did you make the trailer?
Dhoom 4 $alman khan no1
Salman is best

Aditya sir, keep an eye on YRF, Yash ji and my life are coming... please let the one who uploads the fake trailer of the year... I Love YRF and Yashji
Toppp

Everybody is making braids 
Lalu tork movie na sin che
abe chutiye

Salman Khan in dhoom 4
Abbe salle yee torque movie hai

This movie is :  Torque . Not dhoom 4

Fake trailer 
Nice moves

Am so excited for dhoom4

Hrithik roshan  dhoom4 super hero hoga.

Ajay devgan dhoom 4 super hoga
nc like
Fake trailer

Fake trailer
