Heroes always find a way to live on. Watch <a href="">#NindiyaReprise</a> Now -  <a href="">

Love my jan Pooja Pahala pyar Pahala pyar vala song Those old days 
aamir is a genius

2024
Oh my god 494M viewsIn 2024
I just don't want to get married soon or anything.
Tired now 
Love you jaan️
Fsure

Soive

8th no

Now 2024 (7.50pm) 
If you crossed the extreme limit then think about what I would do if I was not in 8th.
Yes for sure

8th march divorce?
90s 2000. 2010 ke ekk songs kaafi hai saari south per bhari 
And sms

tuchg
How did I got to know about a inuda

Because firstly I understood that

That’s ok a

Ega

Nothing else

M Bcz religious
Critics too

Love you jaan️️️tumhe hi bandhu sakha tumhi
First m u the other thing

So 15-18 o clock tomorrow r we going to be out

Any chance

Pir

P is reducing emissions from the atmosphere

Is he red

Ne is wid up

I ws nt wre abt visibility

Since childhood

What sud I say like when I ws 32 at time crushes

I don’t want to move a single bit and don’t want to spoil mine n others lyf

All r coming

And also love towards i

Hv 2 say about 

I can’t tolerate her

Is m cmg

He is completely follow n without apply his own logic

Bb

So I hv 2 say n hidden form
C iz a bt  everything
Go m d pure

This song feels like you’re in heaven

I saw the live performance of this song when Shaan came in our state Tripura last week i.e. feb 2024.

Future youngsters please don&#39;t leave this song to die

2024 anyone?

If anyone has this movie, please send it

M

Sab rok do aap me Jo kar Thai thi use kyu nhi roka

Kyu jhooth bola. And why didn't you talk in front of me?
first naa
You went to India at that time before Ira's marriage.
Baaki sab to enjoy kar rahe h apni saari lifestyle and life and happiness and peace and joy in this world 

Hum hi mile the is duniya me bhugatne k Lia a

Shaadi
Aaaaa what now?
Or bol rahe ho nhi mein to check kar raha hu tum kaise react karogi

First it hurt  Why did you resort to the photo again? I kept changing my dishes.
Everyone knows that there will be no next marriage after DV at home.
Kuch time to hum bita le apne saath

Anyone who wants to see me after marriage please take it otherwise you will kill everyone.
Dos

He prabhu n 2no din offer jaay

Only you know what I am doing and I know that all of you are acting.
Dekho naa song me k uh nhi hita kujhe
Come on, my friend, there is no power in my presence
Feel hua kuch

Lag tha h kab aakar kiss  or kar Lu or

You are having a very good time my friend
How.oh god
Really ?clocks are running behind

When will you pass, after that hopefully nothing will happen, everything will be dooooorrrr furrrr.
Irritation happens a lot my friend
who watch this in 2024

2024 attandance pls 
Ok

Meralollah

Ll
That &quot;subhan allah&quot; has a separate fan base 

Kushi kumari gupta singh raizada
500M 
MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah/ inshaallah ️️ best mashaAllah/ inshaallah ️️
How nee knows always says to me love you zindagi️‍️‍️
Love you jaan️‍️‍
Ws thnkg bfre fr sql nt now first preference is CA

Yess I have to crack that exam anyhow

CA

Ll focus on Aashi &amp; my improvement

Kisses to you meri jaan️
Marne se bhi buri condition higi hamari agar hum rahe to reh to lenge par Mann nhi lagega

Because after seeing this there is no time to return.
I want that only

After getting dv immediately we will go for a

Rising  ️️
Love you zindagi️️️‍️‍
Forever ️ grateful for you meri jaan️️
Bus ek baar apka feel mil jaay mujhe or kuch nhi chahiye

Write what you are feeling
I only have to do what I do.
Then it seems that you are telling me the truth. You are the one who pranked me.
It hurts a lot
How much should I break?
Bolo naa confirm h naa aap hi miloge mujhe v jaha ki baat hum kr rahe the kyu mujhe bharosa nhi hita

I need you, your love or anything else is not as precious to me as you are to me.
Tired yaar too much tiredness

That means feel to har wqt h par responsibility itni h poocho mat

Nothing else I want.!

I want  pure love ️ from you‍️‍
Love to kahi nhi h naa to tired nhi rahungi
How long will you remain like this in my life?
Love you soooooo much meri jaan‍️‍
Mashallah

One of the best songs I heard growing up and the best movie of all times. Still in love with the actors and the song. Beautiful song

Pagalpan sawaar h
take a look Lord
Africa

R u in Gvc maps
All youmgstars ye song sunte hai

Mi using a

Ll np d or
Urs ll come back soon
Tm tn opening
Fs

U I

No problem will do quickly everything

What can you do now depends on the situation.
Chhid hoti h mujhe Bahut

Badiyan to hoge hi
Or how are you, there is no news
Es
Love you soooooo muchhhh
Wow...this song is better than any other songs as from 2010

2025 attendance here 

Jatin Lalit are the most underrated composer of indian music history

I love song 
Kya feel ho aap ️‍️‍amazing
Thn v vol dcde
Any question you have about mom related to you lmk
Same and extreme level wid mil

Ll see n talk about it

Still exist
Evil nature
I don’t want my mom anymore yaar really speaking to you

….kook the cheese
Evn u saved me from my mom’s 
Hmmmm sab pata h️
How to identify
Aayi thi fir chale gyi

Shaw kr e ne kya sharam
Sirf aapne shaq hi Kia h mujhpe

Jispe Apko shaq h bata Dena koi nhi tha meri lyf me

never ever think about it

Pnkj sr computers
Love  forever ️
Polk you ️‍️‍
On a body me and you

15 years old

Ham sun rahe hai

That whistle music part had seperate fanbase

really old one but still addicted to it ️

Whnevr gt tm ll msg u

K ll do d sme
Who has imposed a big ban on me?
Legends are watching in 2024.Love from India....

MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah/ inshaallah ️️
Iam

Ram ram

2024-3-2️
This is what a masterpiece is called

Hello

Hello

This music is so aryan 

Anyone in 2024 ?

Nice song
Who is still alive in 2024?
Nice

Let see how many people are watching in 2026

2024 feb

Legend lisning this song in 2025

Me

BEAUTIFUL MEMORIES WITH THIS SONG I ADORE THIS SONG SO MUCH 
2024
What Movie name plz ..
️pl
Pain is not theee in my head

Feeling much better today than yesterday 

Hope you’re doing well ‍️‍️
Good morning  jaan️
Music very very nice.. Song &#39; Another level bro
MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah/ inshaallah ️️
Who will be the son in 2024?
Movie name ky hai 
2024 still listening this song

March 1, 2024 
Complete
Best song shan Bhai
Emotion


MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah/inshaallah ️️
MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah ️️ best mashaAllah/ ️️ inshaallah
MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah/inshaallah ️️
Still in 2024 attendance here ️

2024 Who is the main sun?
2024 people 
who is here for listening this masterpiece in 2024

Masterpiece at 2024 too who all will agree ??

tell me the exact truth
How can I trust you?

Love marriage h naa to bhi to right h jaanne ka mujhe

Mazak nhi kar rahi you can see as the time passes

To fir first you need to assure me that you will not play any prank otherwise it’s confirm I will not talk to you seriously

I can’t trust you anymore really apni degree apna address proof apna dob sab le aaana mera to sab dekh lia. He k kar Lia har tareeke se me befkoof hu kya

Right now

How??? Through YouTube pages

So you are the only one who is going to give me details about you before dv

I do t know as you did before with me so how can I trust you I am thinking correct or nit

Why?? I have to find the answer

Or chale h dv lene ab mein Kaise trust karu aap pe aap Kaha se ho and what is your name

You never told me anything baat tak nhi ko

I can’t believe as you just gibbing me rollover shots

Your’s is also different?

Your name is also correct or not I don't know as I can see Akshya Bhatia
I don’t know anything about you

Now got it BH..itna to bata do Where are you from?What did you tell me?
Really?

So you are from bihar?

What?bolna nhi mat

Anything else

Didn’t asked you yet
I understood meri jaan️‍️‍
So neeraj was saying for this only that I didn’t understood

Can I talk to you infront of him at home

So on weekend we have to be prepare ourselves for monday

I need to ask him about the process and documents

Neeraj knows everything what we need to carryover

Thank god
Apart from Bollywood

Who your friends?

Some more people will be there?

And every body like you me neeraj and with you Salman bhaiya and your friend

So whole day we will be there

And what about my and Aashi’s stuff..after dv we will take all

On 4 th day we are going to meet

Saala kiss ka raja tha upar se vaha pe did I say that

You will make everyone look
With some style

Bus yahi do baatein thi

You are of no use
Dono jagah b and l

Ache khane teeth gadaiye h usne pain ho raha h

Just touch me
Mujhe Kya pata tha fir aa jayega vo

All plans are ready for you
Pata h next day Kya hone wala tha

To fir kyu bola raatri jagran k lia
Your cunning behavior since yesterday has made me understand the whole society and I want you to understand me too, I don't have the courage, my friend.
Kyu bola usko kiss karne

So the dv process will go on there

And you will be there in

So when should I ask him today?

Okay

Neeraj
Who is going to drive

Ohh wow  really cool

So we have to be there by that new car

Through which comment section

Neeraj knows we are talking on youtube

Where we have to go on Monday?

What

Neeraj k pass h dono should I say something to him

So you were telling me address

To vo cards Kya signal the only where we have to reach on monday

Love you jaan
Yeah I got that but didn’t talk to you

And you are talking about car

When on Monday

So we will go to there first? Haveli

Me samajh gayi thi Jo do card aaye the pehle but didn’t asked you for it

Bus chubte raho all time

Ban Jai, you also follow the same path.
Shruti my love
2024 atendence lago 

Hey stranger!!! You have a good taste in music!!

Who&#39;s listening this in 2024 ?️

2024 
Bro Present bollywood maybe worst but vinatage bollywood will be always the king

Kajol expressions
Let’s see how many people are watching this song in 2024 ️‍️‍

Mash Allah

Hindi nadanmaril enikke eettavum ishtam Aamir ikkayeyanu pinne srk yeyum
Kure naalukalkke sheshaamaanu naanee paattu kelkkunnathe enthe manoharamaanu ee song ethra kettalum mathivarilla athrakke feeling aanu ee pattu
Radhe bhaiya from tere naam..best scene

Subhan allaha
AAP has been taking care of me since long, my friend. Love for you forever.
Love you sooo much meri jaan️️️
The society came to me wearing clothes of the same color as in the Ghazini movie.
Lpkstu️️
Jai ho
Amazing collection in book store
Knock knock 
2024 
Who is the sun in 2024 
Who is in the sun in 2024 
Who is in the sun in 2024 
Who is in the sun in 2024 
Who is the sun in 2024 
Golden era of Bollywood

Let&#39;s see how many people are feeling this song in March 2024

Kaise shukriya Ada karu yaar aap sab ka no words to say about thatjust want everyone to be happy 

Hopefully samajh Gaye hoge

The way you all handle the situation is just amazing  

And would like to thank to everyone who supports me and my family during hard times ️️everyone is really specialcan say just a blessing for us to live a life

When we meet we will do that again 
Lots of love to you meri jaan️️‍️‍my sunshine ️ 
Baaki saari mast h‍️‍️️
Btw sab achi h no doubt sirf jab mote hue the us wqt ki I don’t like

I liked your photos a lot, the first one I saw on insta was the one in Salaam's white kurta pajama. You are here, I will see its use in gayi.
Yaar par vo style Bahut achi lagti h Jo AAPlog karte ho mar gayi mein us pe really

You are the one who keeps the whole world under control.
Changes are visible everywhere. What's wrong with me?
Okiess let’s see time will tell me everything 

Love you soooo much meri jaan️
Soon that will happen

I remember you all the time
Love you so much meri jaan️‍️‍️
2024

It&#39;s 2025 and I am listening on loop 

Let&#39;s see how many people are watching 2024 

lets keep listening to good music and good songs the only way to cherish memories as nowadays no songs are made with such so rhythmically and keeping audience in mind to sing it back one more

M.n1a111111

Neend nhi aati mujhe nhi so sakti apke bina kuch to feel de do

Lip kiss  to you️My love  my life my everything Is Aamir️‍️‍️
Love you so much Meri jaan️‍️‍
It&#39;s 2024 still the magic of this song never becomes old

Haa to Kya dikkat h
So tell me who are you also?
At your house?
Don't you listen to what I do to you?
Aa jao naa aamir please yaar request to you
What needs to be done will not be done.
Marr rahi hu hai aapko hai nahi parwaahi
Coming?

Welcome  home  to meri jaan️️‍️‍
5min?

Okay

Mil lu sirf aapse or kucbnhi

The bus is waiting for you
Requesting you my friend, no man is leaving me.
Aa jao naa please

Can you come now?
Wonderful,old is gold

2024/02/26

Love you soooo much meri jaan‍️‍️️️
2024 wale attedence lagao

Now this is called a class movie. Sleepless nights thinking how was the story written in 1st place. Hats off ...

Movie name plz?
Elisha/Imtiaz 12/8/2019 it&#39;s my memory 
My naughty mind think -Hain jo iraaden batadu tumko Sharma hi jaoge tum 

Who are watching this in 2024?

I love you this song often and often mera bety. Very nice and mindblowing expression by Amir khan is very excellent and kajol is his HEROINE in this film. I dedicate this song to my cute BABY Hiba ma is liked this song. CONGRATS 🇵🇰🇵🇰🇮🇳🇮🇳
Neeraj said, why should I stop talking?
Oh I love the tablet is so good and heavy and I played all day

Awesome awesome awesome voice and song

Feeling anything?

My favourite song

Come on, please pass me!
Okay I will not react anymore right now

Oh okay tabhi bol rahe the ki tumhari nautanki Bahut ho rahi h

Okay I should not say anything

To Kya bolti? I don’t know I should say you go I am good here

Neeraj asked me you want to come with me to Mumbai on 5th march ghoom aayenge I said no I am okay at home

What good do you say?
In-laws ko bhi pata h key aapke pass h

What did you say to Neeraj?
It's been a long time since we've been meeting each other this week.
Kisses.  to you meri jaan

I am really looking forward to meeting you, friend.
When will I meet you?
Haay apka song jab suna naa tu hi meri shab h kuch hone laga mujhe 
Something else meri jaan

These people have hurt us, now let them also face this.
I am crazy, I have taken you
Are you sure
Tuesday

Then?

Kal neeraj ofc jayenge?

Waiting for you my love, when will I meet you, I will love you
I love you jaan️️‍️‍
What cleverness have I shown you, please tell me
Neeraj gave you?

I don’t know

tell me what i said
I am saying that I am watching your drama.
Neeraj aise chhid rahe h poocho mat

Love you so much meri jaan
This song pleases my heart
wow️ very nice song.
Love this song... ️
২০২৪🇧🇩
Subhanallah 
Mashallah
Who can eat this much from God?
Baap re pagal ho kya

That means itne mote kha kha kar hue the

Thank you 
I can't do anything but you can understand me!
I have a headache the whole day because of what you did yesterday.
Where are you saying it's not even night yet?
You have given me headache
How much can a human being feel?
I remember everything Jo bhi hua Jo poochna h mujhse pooch Lena will tell you the truth

Please requesting to you mujh pe shaq mat karna kabhi apka trust kabhi break nhi hoga

Love you jaan‍️‍️you really saved yourself me and my family and the whole country too from terrariost
Not everyone but many bullies like this.
Nhi lagta mera mann really

We are not safe in our country.
Safe nhi feel kar rahe the

Okay yourself

Just to save your life

Why did you say such a big joke in front of everyone?
Come and make me cum all over me.
Jhooth mat bolna

To aap Akele rehte the

No one's name
Friend, you are married so why don't you think about me?
Jo bhi poochna h mujhse poocho

Vo bhi mujhe samjh kar ki mein nhi kar sakti uske baad bhi

Because you are making everything happen
Sun lo here you are
If you abuse me, you will feel like Sunkar.
Baaki sab pata h apko

I have never seen your love, I have never been to my parents' house where I got married, I have never been to this step, today I am reading Lena.
Have you ever seen such a girl, she is a bad lady or she wants money, she does all this, she wants to make a story of the boy or not much
Or what should I do in your life, what I have to do in front of myself, not in front of anyone else 
I know everything, use it even after that in my youth, now you have said nothing to use it, but you have killed my face, now you have seen it.
Pata h kal vo Kya kar raha tha

Either they want sex, or they want something like this in their house, or they want something else, because they are doing all this.
Or girls are doing all these things, those girls are talking shameless, they are doing all these things, stay conscious.
Told me that I can already do it only with you, whatever it is, it still needs proof.
Sach jaanaa h to

Kisi k kandhe pe rakh k band ook mat chalao khud himmat rakhi poochne ki

To kyu bol rahe ho use kuch bhi karne ko ko poochna h mujhse poocho na

Badla le rahe ho mujhse or kuch nhi

Look how happy you will be.
I feel like I am myself
This particular mood spoiled my mood.
Now I will not do anything, even speak to him, or if he comes, I will run away.
eat a lot
All the information can be shared with the society and with my help.
2024

Love you so much meri jaan️‍️‍
Aamir khan mostly copied the style of late Rajesh khanna!! Like if you agree

Aa Gaya Main Fanaa Hony ️
Polappan song was once sung
Some songs never get old.  I like it every time I hear itWho&#39;s people are search this song 2024.?

Glory be to God 2024 
Please pay attention to the one who is watching 2024.
2024 still my favorite.

Was lucky enough to listen this masterpiece at Shaan&#39;s concert live️

He also cheated a lot in my bank.
It was very difficult for her to tell me that there is something that everyone can use but she didn't tell me that because of her attitude.
Par roshni mam me poora control kar k rakha tha apna work

Bahut kuch seekhna tha mujhe Jo Anita karti thi vo poora and roshni mam ka bhi but nhi ho paaya debit and GL process that also I wanted to learn

Vaha koi kuch bhi nhi bataya tha that’s why mein Abhishek dadhwal ko call karti thi ki koi mujhe kuch to batay what I can learn from them.i mean the daily routine cycle of wbo

And one more thing Jo audit aaye the Mumbai se that also you arranged?

My highness
So Madhu sir visit you arranged?
Yeah he took one meeting too but he was doing his motto too with me

He was?

I was thinking ki change aaya kaise sab me I thought preeti is doing something

Agar aap nhi hote naa to Hdfc wale to kha rahe the mujhe kaccha

Thank you jaan for always being there for me when needed and always giving me hope and encouragement and support always have been my biggest supporter ‍️‍truly blessed I am 

Now 2024 and l still never get bored to listen this masterpiece

You are having a lot of fun and you are still in love.
Never ending love h aaplogo se

Only you and Salman khan I am seeing for me since my childhood I till now️️

Where is the world, all the meaning is here
I don't feel stressed too much but if someone talks about staying away from me or about marriage or about career, I don't feel stressed a lot.
So nothing else work for me

Or anyway, we have already seen an example, what happened to Rahul bhaiya's girlfriend?
Just under tension, you are telling me that you have very little to say, I just passed you.
Whatever I say, I speak with the greatest pain.
Ab Jo aage ki life h caste age kuch bhi bole ye log mujhe koi farq nhi padta

No one can come to me in my life except you
Everything will be fine️️
Okay don’t worry

Bus matlab Ghar pe shayad na raho us wqt?

Are you with me?
Or khud ko stress me rakh k and kisi or ko ab chahe age bole ye log ya fir kuch bhi bole I don’t care about anything

Kisi or life spoil nhi kar sakti mein

I can only marry the one I love, otherwise it would be better if I die.
Only you and me forever ️ ️‍️‍
Now it’s my decision nobody can enter into it

If you answer like this, then no matter how hard you try, you will not be able to keep me apart from you.
It means that by dealing with the tension of something you have got rid of many of these people mainly from my side.
Baaton k thappad

Haa matlab aaram se me inlogo ko muahh pe pyar thapad marungi

AAP ho chaloge naa mere saath jbp aapke saath hi jayenge humlog naa
Jo unki marzi thi Kia unne mere saath now it’s my time they should agree with me

Inlogo ne kuch bhi bola mujhe mere career and meri life shaadi k Lia sunenge mujhse tareeke se

Meri marzi mujhe Jo bhi karna h life mein jab time tha us wqt to kuch bhi nhi karne dia

Ohhhh amazing you are no one knows the society no one has come
Vo sab aapke through send Kia the

It all started from there.. you will understand.
Jab humlog jagdamba loony me rehte the thakur uncle k Ghar pe

Do you live?
And one more thing me samjhi pehle ki jab school me thi

After 12 years now this is 2024 This song still favorite to me 

People say Old is Gold But this Gold will never get old 

Subhanallah  subhanallah this line heart touching nice song
24th Feb 2024..!! 
MashaAllah/ InshaAllah best mashaAllah to
<a href="">3:11</a>

true love never dies
 Rajdeep shubhdeep  2024
23 February 2024

Very nice song

Let&#39;s see how many people will be watching again and again. 

Who are you watching in 2024?
Endale se related hi h
Tell me this right now
The mind of these Indians does not move as far as theirs does.
Africans are much more than that
I didn’t care about that and didn’t say anything to her and didn’t even replied or talk to her

Endale to haath dhokar peeche pad gaya mere harami kamina saala
Sahi to h yaar
A hi bhi same hi haal h neeraj k no changes
Isliye vahi sab cheezen naa dubaara nhi chahti headache hota h Aashi ko bhi acha nhi lagta that’s why I am not saying anything

You know how much I have scolded you?
Or bhi Jo kuch bhi mein bolu vo sab sun raha tha then when we went to attend driving classes at that time he made fun of neeraj

Even me too
And after that on tv Aashi was watching tv and suddenly picture got change and African people were coming and Aashi also got scared

Sitting in kitchen that picture was showing to me I was literally shoocked ye Kya ho raha h

Neeraj ka ofc laptop living room me tha naa or mein entrance door k pass khaki thi at that time I saw picture got change to one or 2 African guys

Tabhi came to know about me.
Kyuki usne pictures change ki or anime dekha use but ye baat neeraj ko nhi batai maine

Or mujhe unlogo se koi baat karna nhi tha Africans se and everytime he gives signal to me

That's why I told you that you have given me all my memories.
Haa us wqt jab driving seekh rahi thi nhi samjhi thi ki aap ho

I was sleeping even at that time, I kept hearing his name in my mind because I didn't meet you, I didn't understand anything, I didn't understand that you were there.
Matlab forcefully

After meeting him, a voice echoed in my mind, no one else's voice echoed like this.
Extra control
When he met me, he felt like he wanted to keep me under control.
Why have you forced something on me and pulled it?
Pata aise hi forcefully ka feel mujhe endale haramkhor se aa raha tha

Nayi disha you gave us ‍️‍️‍️‍
Infact humlog nhi poora khandaan whole family relatives everybody

Bahut buri tareeke se fase the kal yahi sab aa raha tha mind me

Kitne bure dabe hue the humlog gaddhe mein ‍️‍thank to all of you who made this happen
Insanano jaise to rehte hi nhi h all the time apni montergiri batana
Because there is no need for monsters in this world, they are found everywhere.
By the way, whatever happened was very true in my marriage, I thought this in my mind.
There is no effect on the earth
I began to feel pain as soon as I spoke.
How are you living? You asked me.
There is only one good thing that exists in man.
Trouble is my love, I have been married to Neeraj ever since.
Quickly came karna h or furrrrrrr
Who among you?
Our boy has to be defeated in front of me, now all this drama will not continue.
So I have to come there

Or how many sets will you make of face cover? Go here or then call me.
Bolo prabhu hum kab mil rahe h

Now don't wait for me, my dear, my life will come true, you are telling me the truth.


Keep an eye on it, you will see it too
I am not a monster but I am absolutely not able to understand it.
How are we living? We know this hell's bastard bastard.
Everything I have to know is why I took so much action then I ate so quickly.
I will tell you that Neeraj will convert me into a very big ball then he will load it.
I am crazy about you
From this I have come to make 2-time roti, I am happy to write, I don't have any wish, I am looking for more.
This is deep, tell me
Where you yourself cannot wait for a minute, I cannot see how time passes.
Maine bhi to tumhare gahr ko jhela h

Then some trouble will come to you or then you will say see why I am speaking like this.
Me nhi chahti headache

I don't know what to say to my beloved because if I call you then I will be stressed and I will get a headache.
I feel helpless as if I am not going anywhere but I am in jail. What do I mean? I will follow your instructions.
Itne badameez hain .. jabki sab pata h..

Itna sab sunne hone k baad kal dekha tha Kya kar rahe the mujhe

Neeraj did not bow down to the neck and just kept going.
Meri to shakal dekhne ka mann nhi karts kisi ki is ghar me that is so true

A hi paise aa rahe hote to sab badhiyan tha

Have you removed my logo?
Non living thing se pyar karu Kya mein insaano mein phase hi nhi is ghar me

celebs
Will you be there tomorrow? What papaver work?
I am paying attention to you, my friend is not coming, I am not looking like a man.
I have a headache, my friend, or is it true that you have to face vegetables, just as I have faced so many cheeses.
I can't bear the power of love, how long will I stay, I will live with it till the end, even I will drown, it is so dangerous for me.
AAP did not talk
Whatever happened, it felt very good.
Ask my heart what would happen if I lived with these people.
I too have been jealous of these people for the past 10 years.
Chhidd Haay wo buri tareeke se

Now the rain will never stop
Ho gaya?

You are crazy, my friend, by staying with Neeraj, will you stay alive?
I should wait

Who will be here?

Aashi is living like this
Me?

Then who is coming?

Can we meet today?
Call me my friend and I will make you look crazy.
Did you talk to Neeraj about meeting him?
Woo Kren kaka MBK Kajol is very beautiful 
Just look the intensity of love in his eyes @mir khan sir perfect 

I connected when papa got severe jaundice

The real hero of the story is you all.
My elder aunt from abroad said that she would destroy the house and called me to kill her and asked her to stop.
Since then we have been in our sight, see how much we have suffered, we are living life only because of you.
How many years ago did we leave our house?
AAP nhi hote naa to Gaye the humlog

Is that true for us

In this society, my life's name will remain on the show; whatever Sonu Nigam ji says, Lara Mangeshkar ji has taken it.
2006 world cup football..

Is anyone listening 2024 in February??

School college everywhere were you ️feeling so glad to have you with me all the time even without knowing

You are my everything ‍️‍
Please tell me some questions when we meet you. Mujhe apko baccha acha nahi lagta Kyunki vo se ab asar nhi ​​hota aap meri jaan hovita‍️‍well I can say anything to you this is the day also Jo laga vo boll di
I have taken everyone's step, I have taken it too, a lot has already passed, only the meeting is left.
You are at home, you are with me, you are with me, laptop, TV everywhere is you only
AAPlog hi ho jo humlogo k saath ho and abhi till date ho saath ho nobody else
Me sab kuch samajh gayi jaan school life se lekar abhi tak and even before that too

I love every thing of yours whether it is virtual or real️️
<a href="">3:29</a> hai jo irade
old is definitely gold 2024 ma kon kon sun rhi thi

Let&#39;s see how many people are watching in 2028

Jo jo ye song sun raha ha wo iske wording ghor sy sna or btay ky is mein Allah ka naam ho raha ha khuda ky wasti ye song mt sna or na banae Allah ka wasta 
And off course Salman khan I believe him as a big brother to me 

You are wonderful aapko paake ko mila h mujhe can’t describe you

Bahut lambi dur tak ki planning thi Jo bhi ho raha tha sabke saath I mean humari family and with country also.

Everything is yours, whatever is yours, everything is yours.
Whatever you want I will agree with that ‍️‍

Love you Jaan you are not welcome I don't know what would have happened to me and my family
Logo ko actually pata hi nhi what is love  mujhe to yahi lagta h Kyuki ko sacrifice him kar rahe h apni love k lia I don’t think so koi aisa karega ya kar sakta h itna kuch hoke bhi we are so strong still funny still feeling each other through feelings and thoughts

Even though life is ours..despite of not having all those things what we really want to and need to ‍️‍️


Love you Aamir‍️‍blessed to have you in my life as a lifepartner or I can say as my life is you

My heartbeat  is you‍️‍
Now I have a connection with your other movies.
I love the Hindi song frm tamilnadu particularly whistle humming really heart break 
I forgot about this song so many years now. I got it back again and I played it all day. Thanks. Why all this music people and sean everybody who made this song god bless you

Sean, you sang so good.
my habeeb
I love this song But this tune I have heard this in Tamil song someone guesses which song

That&#39;s amazing

I listened this soundtrack 2024 but I have watched this film 7 timesAmazing movieFrom Uzbekistan..Do you know Uzbekistan? If you know write me I have a price

Kajol is so beautiful 
Ab nhi karungi hug if you don’t want
Please bura mat manna

Sorry jaan
Mujhe amount Oda ka dhyaan nhi h Kyuki mujhe laga ki 40 hi h but actual I think 32k approximately annually

If he will who paid them I will say you can check your transactions

Oda class ko bol du payment is already done for annually

What kind of dilemma did you raise, friend?
Ohhh ok

You paid for annually

Love you  thank you
Now how can I tell you that Neeraj has a lot of expenses?
Nothing?

What should I say regarding payment?
Thank you jaan
Yaar aap mujhe ye batao aap ne Oda class k Lia full payment kar dia tha Kya?

Hi

Who will remain alive in 2024?
Today we are in a society where we are not found.
2024 main jo ye gana suun rahe hai wo like kare  I love this song

I am going to sleep a little later ???
You feel like you have too much time, you don't know how to get rid of the time.
Please call me quickly, don't wait, please leave my friend.
Love you jaan
Baj *

Jaldi karo naa yaar
12 baked
Kab bulaoge yaar neeraj to so rahe h

Hello Why???
Dance 

2024 now but song is still listening..

492m views this is masterpiece

2024?
Jay shree Krishna 
I love the movie so much I'm crying Kaka Kren  <a href="">2:24</a>
Woo so cool MBK Kajol is so beautiful darling I really love you 
Masterpiece

Singer Shaan is The Voice of Multiverse ️

2024 still masterpiece 
Shaan voice is melodious
Aamikadtaroolmatifavarastthirillanilvodtostgiwelkumdtoathibstfansilcoassalamoalayikym
Nice song
Even modern days, so called musicians can&#39;t even beat the whistle tune.Listening this masterpiece in 2024 and will be continuing till 2074.

2024 ️
2006 was the year when Aamir Khan really returned to the silver screen after a long hiatus.

Who is singing this song in 2024?
Woo Crazy Sick
They suddenly remembered this song and came to the side ‍️‍️‍️‍️
490M views are not enough for this beautiful song

Any One here in 2024  

2024
2024 Ye Gaanaa Who Sun Rahaa Hai Hai Like Kara
492 m views wow ..I listin this song since 8 years ago

Subhanallah means “Allah is Perfect”
If there are Malayalees please like and reply ️️️️️️
I knew you would come to hear this song in 2024 ️️️️️️
492 million views not enough

Tell me that I will hold you when I meet you, I will drink you, I will not marry you.
Thank you, you have a lot of understanding in me.
There is no other thing more important than this, all other things are worthless to me in front of everyone that you have not forgotten me.
love you jaan
Seekh Gaye Kaise answer nikalwana h neeraj 
2024 gang 
492M is not enough for this masterpiece

Who is listening to 2024

Good morning 
492M - 18 Feb,24

492 M is not enough for this song 

Movie ka nam Fanaa
12 yrs but still masterpiece..
Who will sing this song in 2024?
Urdu best laungage
Is song ko IB + Hona chaie ️what a masterpiece
Melodious Shaan and Kailash 

It,s now 492 milion views
I got a lot of relief from the Sunkar community, I love you Jaan 
There is only one difference between these people, all four of them are crazy in different ways.
Why are you doing something wrong?
My mind is in a bad state, you are sitting in such a situation and you are not saying anything to me.
You must have heard what your bastard bastard Neeraj was saying that indirectly clearing the apnea jungle.
First thing first you only aap chahiye mujhe or koi nhi

After a long time, I have not been able to reach my house at all, now only you have come near me.
I am suffocated by seeing more here or Neeraj.
My love meri jaan kalo mujhe here sir quickly
Papa and Mummy are in my poor thoughts whether I should talk to them about myself or about marriage.
He took the wrong meaning of what was said.
I am living with such people, but I can't tell you right now.
2023 was the worst year for me

It&#39;s 2024.

O bhai what a song mindblowing .

Who is listening to this song in 2024? 
And I felt that if girls do not talk or do not have feelings then they will make friends with boys and they will help me. I was not aware that boys are very intelligent and they know what they want. I didn't know all this
Ab Jo bhi h karna to hai hmaaf kar Dena Kyuki Maine janbhujh kar nhi Kia because of my mind Jo bhi hua and Jo bhoot sawar tha mujh pe

How can I face you

️️‍️‍I love you yaar nobody is like you 
I have already promised you something
Love you jaan
Who suddenly remember this song..

50 crore..favourite..

Jcck
2024.??

One day this video will have been 1B Views

Never ending love ️ of us
But now everything is clear‍️‍️My highness 
Poore din bus neend bhari rehti thi

I am singing in all the society, dear, since when have you been remembering me so much? jab, you have been in India before, but no one understood me this much.
Anyone from 2030

I will be right back to you 

Come on, can you show me your big posses, front and side both?
Al Fida  Calling Peacemaker Universel Truth Light Might Love  Peaceful House Allah Abba Jaan Salam  Islam  Dua For Peaceful Loveful Beautiful Hunger Free Powerty Free World  Multi Milion Thank God Dad With You My World  Citizens Peaceful Loveful Beautiful Safe And Secure Lifetime My Most High Born Hero Aamir Khan Ji Salam 
Me samajh gayi kon send kar raha h msgs itne and calls too

Good morning  my love 
MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah/Inshaallah️️
Kuch bhi ho hona to mujhe aapke saath hi h..so I don’t care vo Jo bhi bole unhe unka reply de deti Hu..I said time aayega to chale jaungi reh Lena aaramSe and didn’t even look at him

This is the day I say to you, what do you want, what are we here, we are not in the same society, why are we saying this?
Just looking at me, the rest of the poor bird is heavy.
I went there from there, I went there in a poor way.
Let's see when the need will come.
Just my love, take me with you, let me share your happiness in my heart.
There is no such thing as peace in my life, I have never felt it.
Always working for you and India Thank you very much How long have you been working, my friend
I threw my eyes on God in my heart, you are always there 
Today, with the help of Neeraj, I have become so fond of the songs of yesterday that I remember them today, why will the society come to sing all these songs?
I love you every day, I always felt you or thought about when we will meet soon.
MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah/inshaallah ️️
Sharam nhi aayi well that’s a coding language for both of us ‍️‍️
Come on, where do you live, you are doing double meaning in Paytm, you are crazy.
AAP has really caught crimeand has stopped everyone..new direction​️​ everything is possible in this world with love
Me samajh gayi kumar vishwas ka video

Don’t die this masterpiece song 

2024like

You can see very well how much supportive he is for me in my any decision

Always in anger mode

Neeraj ne isse pehle kab theek se baat kar li mujhse

A hi to nhi kar rahi itna type
Since when do I want to speak, I have been thinking about this thing, what kind of thing should I do when we meet, then you will tell me.
Kachoomer ban me log mera bus or kuch nahi khud ka kaam kaalte rahe hain the rest of the world will go to hell.
Most important our marriage will happen soon and everything will happen as soon as possible.
No matter how much these people made me cry, after my death I will not tell them that I am a bad girl, but no one is bad, everyone responds to hota nature, God bless everyone.
Thank you friend for all the lessons Lia
Waiting for that day

Dear sir, I have done so much for you that I did not ask you to meet me.
Well, I am just happy that you are with me always️️️️ no matter what condition you are in.
491M Views completed

Love you jaanyaad aa rahi hai apki
Still love this song️

490 m isn&#39;t enough for master piece

1 Billion views loading 
Aamir ️️my love my life my everything is you only 
Kumar Vishwas started talking to him like no one else.
When food comes on TV, it is necessary to eat it ️
Friend, I have gone crazy in all my poetry.
What are you writing my friend wonderful
but is that one guy doing Salman Khan from Tere naam <a href="">3:16</a> and hook step of O O jane jaana <a href="">4:18</a>??? 

Because without love nothing is possible.if you are doing something without love just because of you have that responsibility so you have to do that.‍️‍️

Will try something different something new to change and give lesson to next generation !!

Why

You were telling me that your poetry is not showing that poetry to Kumar Vishwas, the following lines are also coming to my mind.
491M
2024

thousands of movies, thousands of love stories, thank you very much to Indian actors, for the roles that touched so many hearts, Aamir Khan, Kajol Slepaya love is a powerful movie.
Kailash Kher sirf Subhanaalah line gaake award le liya. He is talented.

2024 
it&#39;s 2024 still hearing this magical voice 

What kind of society do you keep the girls in?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????) tell me why did you do that???
In this society, I still can't find the language, what have you said to me?
After knowing everything, even after not meeting you, I told you that there is a need to be clever.
If I do this with you, how will you feel?
You must be feeling relieved now..who does that? Give me a pass and run away.
You didn't make me cry my dear
AAP itself did not come to my depth at Jabalpur. I did not run away to anyone who sent me the book. I did not talk about it under any condition. When I sold my book to that girl, I did not want to speak and did not want to talk to me. Even though I did not check everything, what should be used, I wrote it unknowingly, I did not want to insult the truth.
Whether you are conscious or unconscious, you are living life..I am not conscious as you were before..when I write your name in the suicide note, will you not die then live with a doctor or marry someone else? industry apke Lia hi to baithi h
Theek h enjoy your life with anybody else

There is no use spoiling your sleep for this.
How will you feel if I rule?
I don't see you happy, what did you say?
I don't know whether you are my friend or you will come out as a rebel. You told me that I should not trust anyone.
What is the value of someone's feelings?
If I hurt your feelings, how will you feel???
goled is old song

Usse pehle bhi to meri life chal hi rahi thi naa ab miloge to bhi nhi milna mujhe milkar dekhte lo ab mujhse aap

Neither did I listen to your songs nor did I meet you. I am happy in my life. I loved you or did not meet you as you did. God gave me 2 meals a day. I don't need you to live this much.
My favorite song 
Jab milna h tab bolo ab gussa me kuch bhi kar Lu who will be responsible!???? Tell me

Nhi milna to saaf bolo naa feelings kyu hurt krte ho
Now whatever you have to do, you can do it where I speak, you will not sing my name Richa Dubey.. I will not meet you anywhere.
Lag to aisa hi raha h

Are you taking a revenge from me jaisa Apko feel hua vaisa mujhe feel karwa rahe ho????

What do you want from me???? I will tell you how much I love you, have you ever done another test?
Or what test are you doing???????? I will test you, society will see how much smartness you have and you will be found out.
When we meet, when we have time, why should we speak now?
If you don't want to meet me clearly then you are running away insulting me.
The truth is hidden.
But let me fuck you somewhere, now that it's time for me to die, nothing more than that can happen in my life.
What are you saying to me, my friend, that I will do this to you in my depths?
Ab aapne mujhe kuch bhi signal Di’s Maine use ignore Kia ab kar lo Apko Jo bhi karna h

This is what you are doing.. make me dance, you have come to Akron itself, you are sitting with me.. or find a girlfriend for yourself.
Why did I look at you foolishly?
The person who seeks to be alone for a while finds no use or no use, you are also like that, now I am with you, stay with your friend.
You don't need anyone with your friends.
Take out some time to raise your eyes
Achcha, it is not wrong or are you worried since morning?
I don't want to talk to anyone.
What joke is this????
Anyone here in 2024 february️
I love this song 2024

Anyone in 2024 

My favorite song
2024__491M isn’t enough for this masterpiece

He got filmfare for singing one word in the song... Subhanallah.. 

MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah ️️ best mashaAllah
2024I sometimes listen to the song &quot;Who is watching&quot;.

Ultra legends watching 2024

2024 
Anyone in 2024
Raghav dance brought me here🇬🇭

If you want to sing this song in 2024 then please subscribe to this channel plz
It will hit 1000million one day 

2024 mein jo jo sun rahe ho ho ohh like kardo 
490 isn&#39;t enough for this masterpiece

Who will listen in 2025?
Hi

Who is singing the song in 2024 
Hitler gari pellam serial today in and he in a few minutes later to see her and in her <a href="">2:47</a>

500M isn&#39;t enough for this masterpiece 

Sirf ek cheez…or kuch feel hi nhi ho raha..but still I am very much good to keep myself busy

I love you so much‍️
Welcome to 2024 gang

Nice composition

Just now song lin

Super
That Tere Naam&#39;s Salman Khan 

<b>Those who listen to this gem in 2024, please mark your 1 attendance.</b>
its 2024 and this masterpiece

2024 mein suune vaale dabake ke like thoko tumhe bhi tumhara pyaar mil jayega

500 M

<a href="">3:30</a> Main Jo iraade bata du tumko ghabra e jaogi tum.He literally meant it!!
Please suggest some more song like this
This song is more beautiful than fanah

It&#39;s    Feb 2024,  491 M views 
Valentine's day pe koun koun sun raha
Heart touching 
anybody from 2050!!

MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah ️️ best mashaAllah
Amir bhaijaan srk best chemistry together kajal
It&#39;s 2024 still the magic of the song ever still not old 

491M views
Love  🇬🇷🇬🇷🇬🇷🇬🇷
Aamir pisces,, dj
Kajol Libra,, can Sing, JB, emenem,

Who has come to tell after the song of Alak Sir?
My favourite song 

Who is listening in 2024?
491M

Who is listening this masterpiece in 2024?

Now, 491M️
Tell me my intention to you  touching line
Aamir Khan Cancer Zodiac,be superhero, like krrish

Aamir  püshya God,, wanted to remove Black Magic,, pk

This is very bad song

Who is watching like here in 2024?
2024

2024

Baloch party or Foji Group buses are bringing you fast to do your deal, this is the main reason for 24-hour market..Shop Mobile 
Hmmm  Mobile Shop pr syy 24 ki market. On the Apex line...near Apex Sir Nasir k institute  in NY you have to deal with Foji Group or Baloch Group  Buses are being brought repeatedly to make your deal Foji or Baloch orat party leads Orton ki Baloch party ★★★★★ Mobile Shop also has a phone with the name Abdulrāhmaan..Oh, the phone is sub..
Hmmm  Mobile Shop pr syy 24 ki market. On the Apex line...near Apex Sir Nasir k institute  in NY you have to deal with Foji Group or Baloch Group  Buses are being brought repeatedly to make your deal Foji or Baloch orat party leads Orton ki Baloch party ★★★★★ Mobile Shop also has a phone with the name Abdulrāhmaan..Oh, the phone is sub..
Extraà Groups' logo k liee is shop pr Sy mil jaayngy Extraà log
Aamir Khan looks very smart man, this is a beautiful song
MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah ️️
Ultra legends who are present here in 2024

Nice song.
2024 still bouncer
Our childhood was awesome we able to listen this type songs

Blast, 🇮🇳🇮🇳
1B views will be completed by 2025 
<a href="">2:40</a>

Attendance 2024
fv song ️🇱🇰
Shaan sir&#39;s voice is amazing
Srk should’ve done this film

I love this song... Shaan&#39;s voice 
MashaAllah/ Inshaallah best mashaAllah ️️ best mashaAllah
Who will be alive in 2024?
2024

CHAND RECOMMENDATION 
nice song
Who is seeing the sun in 2024 
Love you jaan
Because of my mother in law baat kar k unko samajh aa gaya tha Bahut tej h saas to isi vajah se vo nhi chah rahe the but mummy boli saari cheezen Kaha tak dekhoge kuch to kam jyada rehta hi h or bhi baatein h will let you know

And father also had no desire to get married in the house.
He prabhu mere papa ka mind distract na ho bus vaise nhi hoga because he understands everything Jo bhi batati Hu neeraj se related..

Hip hip hurray‍️‍️
Didn't you tell my father?? I got some information about us from their words.
