I saw a hovering, sphere shaped UFO at night in 1975 between Camp Crook and Buffalo, South Dakota.  It was in approximately April or May.   It was much smaller than the one in this video, but it was big enough to hold some human-sized aliens if it was occupied.  It was unique, if anyone here saw one, and you describe it, I will know if we saw the same one or one just just like it. I say no more, because I&#39;m trying to find anyone who may have also seen it without saying too much what it looked like.  If you can describe one or two unique aspects like I saw, it is likely the same one I saw.  I have looked for years for a UFO of the same unique color, in the skies, and on the Internet and in books, with no such luck.
Does anyone else notice the man standing underneath the sphere? That&#39;s more strange then the sphere! That&#39;s who you need to talk with! Just saying
Sure.......why not
WHACK
I witnessed this, St Elmo Alabama couple of months ago, it&#39;s real!
Yeah......why was this not on the news?
its a hot air balloon silly
discoenex sents suns of love .
Is that real and if so what&#39;s it supposedly supposed to be because it&#39;s nothing like a space craft So with a question What they getting at It does look like a planet You know I&#39;m not sure this is alien or is it Are they sending out signs in preparation for contact with us like the bible warns us about You know I&#39;ve dreamed the other night about a human face turning triangular like an alien and thought then that aliens They&#39;re demons just like a lot of Christian people believe Very clear dream their face changed like a Michael Jackson thriller and I think They were laid down on their back when their face changed Real clear dream  !!!!
Thats better
Anybody notice the guy standing under it?   Who is he???
This is the last technology from Mexicans crozing the border
just one question, the cops that spotted this, are they ok? because I didnt see any cops. Usually something like this would bring more cops. Lots of em. Are these cops alright? I&#39;m concerned now.
Awesome😎
I love watching vids like these. It really does make you think and wonder what else is out there, lol
Que fait l&#39;homme juste en dessous..???
Nice cgi.
What did the USAF do?
&quot;The man of the future will be cerebral, will fortify metallic cities, gold will not exist, the struggle for existence will not exist, man will be perfectly organized, bossy will have disappeared since ambition, luxuries, etc. will not be there anymore. to the neighbor will be true and the world will live in hugs.For a thousand years evil will be banished from the world and in these thousand years peace will be in love and men will know and visit their planetary brothers.The brain of the future will be the one that reigns today on Venus &quot;
The planets will tell the man of non-humanoid races of aesthetic beauty and superior mental power.
Beings invisible to our retina that travel on small balls of fire, that penetrate houses and inhabit them ... they are already on land.
The Interplanetary Navies, messengers of GOD, yesterday angels, will come to the world in increasing number, they will manifest in different ways wanting to warn the unconscious man the danger of the atom. Previous civilizations, superior to the current one, disappeared victims of the same power, it will be known.
Who&#39;s  standing  underneath  it....
good one!
Thanks I will look into it😇
Strange and scary looking!
Ive seen a UFO before, 2 night&#39;s in a row. I assumed it was a military craft since I seen it near the base. That was until on the 3rd night they abducted me and my wife in the middle of an arguement. They 7ft. tall reptillians wearing black hoods and claws for hands and also alot of little grey&#39;s.
Give it time ppl will start coming on here say cgi
IT&#39;S  Aliens on holiday ... getting a suntan, chillin, havin a few beers, kids playin in the sand...
what kind of thing?
There is some real video here, coz I ve seen a such a real UFO like this once in my life.
Very scary !
Thanks for watching everyone !