Movie, nahh.. Its an Emotion ❤❤
Mera to trailer Delhi kar hi pet gadh gaya
Is it only me who loves DeepBir movies than DeepVeer movies❤
All time fav movie
every song of this movie is Super famous 😀
Anyone here in 2021..🙄
I love this movie
I love this movie so much! It was amazing! Really well portrayed! Everything was mind blowing! The songs, the dancing, the dialogue, the scenes and landscapes &lt;3
Anyone May 2016 ?
ديبيكا اجمل ممثلا هندية
same here.....still favorite
This movie was so great that I was shocked when I saw the movie tamasha. And the same 2 main actors were in it.
first comment in 2 years i love this movie lol
best movieeee .the dialoges are soi inspiring.. best ever
This movie!💗
Watching this in 2016
just its AMazinggggggg !! very very nice movie &lt;3
Aditya was awesome.
awesome really
This movie is just too good I love it to much seen it about 10 times already  hit movie great songs this is a perfect family movie or a nice movie for a get together with a group of crazy friends I rate it 5/5 stars
WELL, THE BEST LOVE STORY OF THE YEAR WITH A HAPPY ENDING
soooo nice
soooo nice
Faddu na owsmm movie..!!! This one of my favourite movies that i would luv to watch again n again..!!
Ranbir better win a Filmfare for this XP
it is awesome and very superb songs i like this movie all movies
I can

This movie became hit because of Aditya Roy Kapoor &lt;3 
What amazing in that
Funny
best love story ever yaar....part 2 toh banta hai boss wid ranbir n deepika again...
I don&#39;t know what to do. Watch this film or watch Man of Steel :/
How much time to release
Oh ghagh
Gm
nice movie...liked it a lot :-)
Very good
awsme mve!!!!!
superbbbbbbb  movies &lt;3
nice 1
awesum movie luvd to see ranbi &amp; deepika bac agn
awesum movie luvd to see ranbi &amp; deepika bac agn
nice movie

rocking..
LOVE THIS MOVIE! Ranbir and Deepika... too gud. 
AWESSSOOOMMMEEE 
amazing movie .....
nice movie

Watched this yesterday and it was soooooooooooooo good :&#39;D
ranbir should marry deepika forget kat she loosike cat
i alrready watched... jst mindblowing........... what&#39;s a acting of ech one

just amazing..... wats a acting... Ranbir Kappor , Dipika parukoan .. Aditya roy kapur ech one tooooooooooo good. I njoy a lot.............

I watched it today in the theatres amazing songs and movie
the movie is amaazing!!! love it
Watched the movie at the theatre today. ... One of the best love stories of the year. ... amazing movie
congratulation ranbir. u r the super superstar of bollywood
YoU CaN NeVeR Be OlD &amp; Wi$e
If YoU WeRe NeVeR YoUnG &amp; Wi$e...... :P
Nice to see this guyz again...
superb movie

LOVED THE MOVIE,.........


LOVED THE MOVIE


amazing,fab wonderful movie!!!!A must watch :D

wish if i could dance like her.mind blowing 


wish if i could dance like her.mind blowing yaar
Saw the film. Expected to hate it. Was actually likable but nothing beyond that. Unoriginal to the hilt, cliched, too long &amp; about 40mins of it was songs. Kalki was amazing. The friendship between her, Aditya (who was great) &amp; Ranbir was the best part. Deepika was good. Ranbir did more acting in the Bombay Talkies song, his role was that unremarkable. Romance was ok but nothing special. It went to love in seconds &amp;didn&#39;t explain why. And why anyone would fall for a guy called Bunny is beyond me.
#Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani Scored 75cr In Four Days ! That&#39;s Pretty Huge ! I Was Crying The Whole Day Because I Coudn&#39;t Watch It #Houseful# .Question : How Come It Has 1300 Dislikes o_O
rockiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing........movie

I must be the only one who can&#39;t understand a word they are saying......
Oh my god......
This is awesome movie...
Make me wanna watching again n again...........
supper
Supper
i watched this in theatres on saturday :D amazing movie
Watched this today.. was sooo good! Loved it :D
Mast movi.ths is friendship movie..hmko.ranbir da,aditya da,kaki&amp;dipika di.aap ka act mast tha.mere liye mast movie hai. 
thats cool movie........

this movie reminds me KKHH with SRK
nvn
Finally a watchable movie is here. 100% recommended to all da bollywood fans.
The movie is AWESOME! Loved it : a must see.
Disappointing movie...:(

Seriously dude, Akshay-Salman-SRK-Ajay sab ki chutti kar di ranbir ne!

Of course not Amir coz Amir is the best, by the way Ranbir is the new SRK of bollywood... he is going to rock!!!!
nice   
nice
thought its will be the same shitty average romantic movie of bollywood but
it was actually an amazing movie , one of the best movies this year till now
ranbir kappor was aweasome as usual and deepika padukone can actually act
love the movie :)
Guys, it&#39;s a too good film. 
Ayan, Ranbir, Deepika, Kalki, Adi, the whole film cast and crew, hats off. 
It&#39;s a very refreshing film, really reminds you of love, friendship, freedom and being young. 
Super film, just super.
great.. instant classic., yeh hai jawanni hai deewani..ranbir kapoor,deepika padukone.
Waah kya movie hai
I went to see this movie today in celebration for my brother&#39;s college graduation. I swear, this movie will remain one of my favorite movies of 2013. From the story, to the songs, this movie is amazing. It will make you laugh, cry, and fall in love with the couple. LIKE I DID &lt;3
Movie is phenomenal.A must watch for all u people!!
Deepika awsum
Like it nly coz of deepika
watching this in 2 hours!! can&#39;t wait!
1st day 19cr   biggest opening of ranvir..
how twas the film

My favourite dialogue in yeh jawani hai deewani &quot;naina biology student hone ke bavajood blue film nahi dekhi&quot;really rocking movie
My favourite dialogue in yeh jawani hai deewani &quot;naina biology student hone ke bavajood blue film nahi dekhi&quot;
Love Yeh Jawaani  Hai Dewaani love ranbhir kapoor and Deepika padkone :)
time paas movie yeh jawaani hai deewani
time paas movie yeh jawaani hai deewani
reviews guys?
I watched the trailer so many times and I knew I had to watch the movie and it was amazing deepika with her smile/dimples and ranbir with his cuteness and hotness
ranbir s the best
OMG! Aditya roy kapoor and kalki ..both of them r ma favorite..mre than the main led
Deepika ❤❤❤ I will watch this only for her can&#39;t wait until it opens in here
I saw the movie yesterday n it is very nice
the is not too good as expected but some how!! romantic!!
Awesome movie !
worth watching i guess 
I watch the Movie my New favourite movie i Love it
thumbs up, if this film has striking resemblance to DDLJ. 
wow movie was awesome,full of craziness n fun n friendship n cute aditya
wow awesome movie just watched today,fun ,craziness,friendship n cute aditya loved it
this wil be a super hit 
this wil be a super hit
Do yourself a favor and jump to 0:30
tamam rocks deepika.
no way to describe the moovie  just awsome and love it

Today mai aur meri 2frnd yei jawani hai diwani dekhne jaa rahi thi. 1st day 1st show. But :( @Accident ho geyi... Debika.
Can&#39;t wait till tomorrow to watch this movie in theatre yay lol
nice msg sent by director mukharji Deepika great performance with million expression ranbir good acting and kalki  is best supportive role  subhanallha is good song must watch movie u will find ur way
its really gonna b fun..
Love u a lot Deepika u r just fab n gorgeous
Can&#39;t wait to see it.it must b a great one by Ayan Mukherji after Wake up Sid!!!
Lots of thumbs up to this!!! :-)
its gonna b fun
Just love u Deepika..u r just great!!
It would b an awesome movie by Ayan Mukherji after Wake up Sid...
Lots of Thumns up!!! ;-)
It &#39;ll be good if sathyam theatre put subtitles all days for YJHD
just awesome!!!
can&#39;t wait...it&#39;s gonna b fun
Lots of love to Deepika..u r so beautiful n great
Its surely gonna be Great work by Ayan Mukherji after Wake up Sid!!
lots of thumbs up!!! ;-)
gonna super duperhit movie
nice video

RK &amp; ARK WILL ROCK THE SCREEN
Why there is no video promo of best song of YJHD &quot;Ilahi&quot;?
Aditya roy kapur looks like lead actor and deepika its high time learn acting for god sake...
Am a girl and gonna watch this movie only for deepika. i have started disliking ranbir coz of news being with old fat ugly expressionless katrina but still deepika and ranbir chemistry attracks meto watch this movie.plez someone kill aunty katrina.We love you Deepika.God bless and more success ahead.
i am sure going to watch the movie !!
love u ranbir &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 dam hai boss u r my hero n  next srk
best.


ran beer is the best aslo aditya is best but as a whole i waana say this movie is be blockbuster AND golden jubilee movie 
it&#39;s will be a  blockbuster and golden jubilee movie ?&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; rock on ranbeer 
ranbir is the next srk
ranbir is the next srk
deepika you are so sweet
iski toh fantasy hai, ki duniyaan ki saari ladkiya iska picka kare, aditya ropy kapur &lt;3&lt;3
Deepika :P
oh scholarrrr naina!!!!  is chashme ko kaise bhul sakta hu main!!!!------best said by rk!!!!

&lt;3 Aditya Roy Kapur &lt;3

Only for Ranbir, first day first show.
Woww..!!! 
I&#39;m tttllyy going fr d Premiere..!!!♥♥
I was excited to see this movie because of Ranbir, but now after watching Aashiqui 2, I&#39;m wayyy more excited to see Aditya! Love him! 3 Like if you agree! :)
many times.... trailers are better than the film... i hope this is wrong for this movie...looking forward to it....
Trailer is quite good.........! hope movie will good than the trailer........

Always ki tarah ek or bar fir se Ranbir rock......

aditya roy kapur pretty hot looking. he looks more fine than Ranbir. just appreciating.
Please Release It Before 10th Board Results. :(
Ranbir one word=awesome!!!!
more 11 days, can&#39;t wait anymoree.... &lt;3
Deepika in the opening scene looks like my next door aunty! LMAO!
Ranbir n deepika make a good pAir, agree?
watching this film only for Aditya Roy Kapur &lt;3
watching this film only for Aditya Roy Kapur &lt;3
ranbir dip
love u Ranbir you rock i am a biggest fan of yours and waiting for the movie to come 
i got the the movie by watching this trailer


only 4 ranbir
Aditya Roy Kapur
Aditya Roy Kapur
Aditya Roy Kapur &lt;3
I m going to se only for deepikd
I m going to se only for deepikd
Amazingggggg... Deeeepikaaa ur soooo reall!!! Ranbir stay away from plastic dolls pls..
When it comes out ?
This movie is gonna rock... CAN&#39;T WAIT.... and the last dialouge is awsm.... &lt;3 ....
This time i just wanna c aditya in d trailer!
Omg,,i already luv this man!
waiting for this movie,songs are really nice hope movie is nice,wanna watch this for aditya  hayee
ranbir kapoor is the next style icon!
@carmen reda- at the end she&#39;s trying to make ranbeer kapoor(the actor) that she doesn&#39;t want to spend even two minutes with him.... because she is afraid that she will fall in love with him.... again :-)
wooooooow very nice

this seemed like their real life story..must have been fun confessing to each other again :D
This both are so awesome..Wt to say...

This both are so awesome....!!!!!! Wt to say...

depika :
tum samajhte q nahi agar mai tumhare sath 2 min aur rahi to...
ranbir : 
kya naina
deepika:
meri maggie jal jaigi.. ;)
The release date is 31th May. And does anyone know if it is released in other languages (german) too?
nice

@meghasaini hhahahah same here first wanted to see this bcuz it looked fun and crazy but then bcuz awsum young jodi..after watching aashiqui 2 (god knows how many times) I got more interested for aditya roy kapoor and watching the trailer over &amp; over bcuz of him! XD
Each and every scene in this trailer reminds me of some scene of yash chopra or karan johar&#39;s earlier films. Though I am a RK fan, I don&#39;t think I will waste my time on this one.

very dull promo 
ranbirs too cool
nice trailer

just cant wait

Can&#39;t wait for this movie to come out... Jaldi release karo
very good trailer superhit 
very good trailer superhit
RK&#39;s best line :
raftaar pagalpan, mein udna chahta hu, dodhna chata hu, girna bhi chahtu hu,
bas rukna nhi chahta.... 
fucking awsm...:P

ooooooooooh fantastic!!!!!
Before i was going to watch this movie cause of ranbir and deepika but after watching aashiqui 2 i will watch this movie cause of ranbir , deepika and aditya roy kapoor. :) 
excellent
 trailer!!!!!!!!!!!!

Shaadi is like daal chawal for 50 saal..Till you die
I need English translation :-(
Please someone tell me what she tells him at the end please.
Ayan Mukerjee rocks again!! and well, no words for Deepika and Ranbir .. simply awesome

Omg so excited I really want to watch it!
waiting badly for this

good
Teri maa ki ;) lol good timing by Kalki
coz life is same old work home work cycle. 
WOW! 12,035 Likes and No Dislikes whatsoever!!! This just looks so damn amaaaazing!!
Waiting for this movie for the handsome &#39;ADITYA&#39;!! Awesome job in Aashiqui 2..The next big thing.I truly hope that this movie will do you and your calibre a justice rather than focusing on Ranpika...
for 50 saal till u die.
is that other guy the one from Aashiqui 2?!?!?!?
Not even a single dislike for the video!
This shows that it&#39;s gonna be a suuuper hitt!
The Awkward moment when you see aditya rao in a side role in this movie after watching Aashiqui2
Really excited to watch this movie. Ranbir is looking good
i love you ranbir....
cant wait to see the full movie................ i love you ranbir
ranbir the girlguy 

The Music is sooooo good ...i am sure the movie will be amazing....cant wait 
nice
I recognized TheWeddingFilmer&#39;s work!!! :)
Cant wait for dis 1 to come out
love you both deepika+ranbir cant wait to watch dis movie
Very nice movie
wat did Ranbir say&quot; life is daal chawal for????
Scholar Nena!!
I love Ranbir!! 

So, is it just me, or do you all have a tendency to hum the ending of the Kuch Kuch Hota Hai tune for Dharma Production...

I HAVE to hum the ending.. or it just seems incomplete....

maybe its just me.. LOL
I am actually for Aditya! Hope he has a good role!! 
This film very noce
Ahhhh!!!! Cnt wait 4 the movie
hihihihihi
Super Hit Film
Super Hit Film
Super Hit Film Hogi
Super Hit Film Hogi
it had been so difficult for deepika to say all these words.....................these are so natural ....


Ranbir Is Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Hotttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nice songs,perfect jodi..


That line at the end is DAMN NATURAL &lt;3
Hope this movie creates another bridge between them to get back together otherwise they&#39;re BEAUTIFUL friends (:
God Bless Them!
Can&#39;t wait for this movie!
the last part is really ironic when she says phir se
I am waiting for the movie!Ye jawani hai diwani?Yaar
Cant wait can&#39;t wait and cant wait! !!
Amazing ranbeer!
How come Ranbir always creates such a magic every time......just loved watching Deeps thru out the trailer. 
Wating 4 it
i luvvvvv disssss soooooo muchhh
muaah...............
That line at the end -- what a hook! Dippy and Ranbir really sizzle!
woww.. so badly waiting for this to release!! so excited to see ranbir-dips in a movie.. love their jodi.. what a sizzling chemistry! really wish they again become more than friends!
the promo is fantastic.. amazing songs.. superb dialogue of dips in the end... cant wait enough for it..


MY NAME &lt;3

cannot wait!! 
Deepika looks adorable in glasses! And Aditya &lt;3333
Acting by Ranbir is perfect and this movie is going to be the movie of the century 
Wished there was a love button instead of like!

best movie ever
now again we&#39;ll see deepika &amp; ranbeer

It would be awesome to see RK and Deepi back in a movie together &lt;3
Am i the only one who is waitin for anthr Khuda Jaane??
eagerly waiting for this.. jaldi release karooo
The Very Hot pair of Ranbir &amp; Deepika will fire screens in scorchy summer of May,13. Oh ! God save the Cine-goers from blues &amp; burns !!!
 
Deepika n Ranbir ♥
Ranbir and Deepika.. Love ur Jodi..♥..! Be Together Forever! :D
I Love Ranbir and Deepika but i keep catching myself thinking that they should be together!! I love her smile at the start and his confidence!! I hope this movie will not disappoint! :) 

kalki saying.. &quot;teri maa ki..&quot; :D
Luved it....cnt wait for the movie
:)
This movie will b superhit..
These two look so good together. Can&#39;t wait to see this.
Aditya is much better looking than Ranbir..
deepika..
love her voice wen c siad &quot;mujhe tumse pyar ho jayega .......fir se&quot;.......keen 2 watch the movie............
deepika..

the trailer is awesome.
the trailer is awesome.
RANBIR KAPOOR ..........its not a NAME...its a BRANDDDDDDDDDD
they looks so made for each other
&quot;kyaa handsome bache honge hamere...mere good looks aurr (pause) mere akkal.&quot;
3 million hits........
ranbir  has truly  surpasses  shahrukh  khan  in terms  of   superstar  image
looks like this trailer and badtameez dil promo were competing for highest views n likes...lets see which wins...i love both..&lt;3
cant wait for this movie to come out

Deepika Padukone is a class act. Stunning movie.
schollar naina?????????????????????
love it
I love this couple so much ♥ can&#39;t wait to see the movie sounds cool
1051 people are Katrina fans
mujhe tumse pyaar ho jeaga phirse!!! deepika re u saying that literally!! too eage to see this movie now...
This is movie is gonna be rocking..

love this couple..
surely goin 2 watch this movie&lt;3&lt;3
@1:59

ranbir &lt;3 u like nythng mmuahhh
deepika n ranbir best couple eva!!!

badtameez dil wale ki chhori awesome hai

i want the movie to be released faster......i would just love the film seeing the trailer.awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


KING KAPOOR IN THE MAKING..!!! 

the way he tells bunny ohhhhhh so sweet and also main udna chahta hun sooooooooo good!!!!!!!!!!

i m so eager to watch this movie

Wating for it Love to see the Movie.

Love the end. &quot;Mujhe tumse pyar ho jayega, fir se&quot;
REEPIKA is so cute together. Cant wait..
bindassssssssss..... ???

Those 3 mins &amp; 33 seconds...are the most enjoyable moments! :)

Ranbir and deepika make a gr8 couple!!! Loved the trailor!!! so gonna watch the movie :)
so cheesy!
just one word awesome!



wow ranbir n deepika 2getr agn....love 2 watch it.... :)

I love how the trailer ends with her saying &quot;Mujhe tumse pyaar ho jayega. (Pause) Phir se.&quot; Deepika looked like she&#39;d meant it. Probably did.
&quot;agar me tumhare saath 2 min or rhi to ..... mujhe tumse pyar ho jayega..... firse&quot; ahh ye line dil se boli gayi hai :&quot;) ... i love you dipika no matter what others say &lt;3 you go girl !!
awesome....ranbir rockstar and cool deepika......waiting for movie........
yeh jawani hai.....diwani......
awesome songs......and dance...... 
I love it
all the best for release....
awesome....ranbir rockstar and cool deepika......waiting for movie........
yeh jawani hai.....diwani......
awesome songs......and dance...... 
I love it

10000 likes awesome
awesome..........
ranbir rockstar....cool deepika.....just love it waiting for movie now...
yeh jawani hai deewani......love it....
awesome..........
ranbir rockstar....cool deepika.....just love it waiting for movie now...

Mai tumhare saath 2 minute aur raha  to mujhe tumse pyaar ho jayega ............fir se.......osm line
love this trailer to see again and again again its awesome

why is this movie movie releasing sooo late in may :( mujhe yeh issi week dekhni thi 
Batameez dill batameez dill batameez dill manay na manay na :D love it! Cant wait
this movies looks fun :D

this movies looks fun :D

Balam pichkari jo tune mughe maari to bhegi bhagi chori sarabi ho gayi ---- battmizo... music to release karo....
Biggest hit of the year ranveer kapoor is krrazy ye dusrA raj kpoor he yaar.....
i love dis couple.....keep going on....
This movie surely gonna rock
Acha ji mujhse tumse pyar ho jai ga phir se vaah vaah  :P ahaha maar hi daala
balam pichkari jo tune mujhe mari to seedhi saadi chhori sharabi ho gayi....haan chunari pehen ke jo tune maara thimka..to lattoo padosan diwani ho gayi..haan bole re zamana kharabi ho gayi ;)
Oh yes I am going to watch these good trailer with translation by Bing.
Oh! Still waiting yaa..

i think ranbir is answer to srk in modern era......
badtameez dil  im loving it cool 

This Is Very Nice Songs Its Going To Be A superhit flim of 2013 Guys 

Awesome
good
nice songs

here simple because of Ranbir and Deepika (after cocktail) :)
OMG I am so watching those 2. 
love the way he throws shampagne all over her...love the way he says&quot;kya hansome bacche honge humare &quot; love the way she says &quot;mujhe tumse pyaar ho jayega...phir se &quot; , love the way he dances the signature step of badtameez dil......love the music ...........and last but not the least ....gonna love their jodi again !!!!!!!
Wishing all the best and awaiting for its release....;-)
the last saying by deepika touching &lt;3 ....agar main 2 mint tumhare sath aur rahi to ............




Ranbir the Next KING OF BOLLYWOOD!!!
Hai
This film will be blockbuster
this film&#39;s songs are very by Badtemeez dil
my b&#39;day 3:26 ;)
Rk rocks
love the way he says &quot;schollllllarrr naina&quot; :P
wow..!! awsm trailer..eagerly waiting for the movie..
Waiting waiting
Both songs are awesome xD
I want the second one to release soooon.
just one word to say
rocking.......
ahaha last line :p

It will definetly be great hit!!!........
bunny :P 
he is wearing same gloves as mine...pink. Looks like fun. Will surely watch it.
he is wearing same gloves as mine...pink 
ranbir n dippi rocks....it will b a definately hit.....after a long time i m eagerly waiting for a movie....n dis movie is so fresh n youth centric....and a good romance after a long a time....maza aa gya dekh kr.....waiting 4 d songs.....
badtameezz dil badtameez dil badtameez dil maane na &lt;3 &lt;3
very very nice!!!!!!
Hip Hip Roll ^_^
aw... great movie.. cant wait 
2:07 deepika s face , OMG , looks so hot
awsm trailer eagerly waitng fr da muvi :) ranbir is so cool &amp; deepika so beautiful :)  

omg...RANBIR was fabulous..awesome..superb..amazing..lovely..handsome...hawwwtttttttttttttttttttt
Hit hay boss
soo excited for this movie love the song
Blm pichkari jo tune mujhe mari to sidhi sadhi ldki sharabi ho gyi.......
nyc 1
awesome ...looking forward to it !!!
Awsm
Ranbir ily 3
Ranbir is nxt superstar....☆☆☆
it&#39;s awsmeeeeeeeeeeeee video . rk s going to rock on box office dis time too
great story yar

Hmmm nice song and energy
Best song
The last part reminds me of a similar scene of Deepika from Love Aaj Kal
Awesome Ranbeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer 

niced trailer and ranbir rocks 

\m/\m/\m/\m/\m/\m/\m/\m/\m/
batmeez dil is awesome
Nyccccc
nice very nice trailer
Wow cool songs 
Agin ranbir rocks
LOVEEEE U RK..............
balam pichkari jo tune mujhe mari to seedhi saadhi chori sharaabi ho gayiii,,,,awesome......:P
i love d dialogue by deepika..agar 2 min bhi tumhare sath aur rahi to mujhe dobara tumse pyar ho jayega &quot; &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3

Super like!!! After Wake up Sid, cant wait to see more of Ayaan Mukherjee. Great songs, Fresh look, Ranbir Deepika. What more does anybody want?? 
great!!
Awesome Songs... and the movie is going to rockkkkk yaaaaaaaarrrrrrr!!!!!!!
Waitinnnnn......
Awesome movie
Deepika &amp; Ranbir once again. 3 EEEEP :D
release the songs plz

when deepika said &quot;agar 2 min bhi tumhare sath aur rahi to mujhe dobara tumse pyar ho jayega &quot; I feel that she takes out real words for ranbir by the help of dialouge...............................................awesome
love u both
 
i lovvv u guyyyzzzzzzz :-*
Looks like a great, fun movie... Will watch it .
cant wait to wach this movie
Good
Fantastic.owe some, fabulous.God be with the film

awesome ranbir.. U r the undisputed...:)
awesome ranbir.. U r the undisputed...:)
after student of the year this will be my fav. movie of dharma productions ....&lt;3
yaahoo
Awesom
Superb trailor.. Yaar. Cant wait fr the film.. It will be blockbuster movie i hope so... Nice
this is gonnnnna be niceeeeeeeeee.! :D
Awsom realy nice to see u both again
Ranbir ki &#39;awaaz&#39; sunke accha laga. :p
most awaited film of ranbir after apkgk....

bunny and naina
love the way he says &#39;BU&#39;nny !
the songs are out :)

love the KKHT music at the beginning.

Waiting fr the songs to come out...plz tell the date
Waiting 4 the release !!!

dam i lv dat sng badtameez dil.... 

Tumhe samajh kyun nahin aata ki.. ki? ki main do minute bhi aur tumhare saath rahi toh mujhe phirse tumse pyaar ho jayega! - Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaye main mar jawaan!
when does the music come out?
This movie is gonna rock
lolololol.. haraami nahi.  its bole zamaana kharaabi ho gai.. hahahah...
yaar m seriously waiting this muvi n song
Balam pichkari...
wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww song
nice song

Is chashme ko kaise bhool sakta hu main ;) 
Is chashme ko kaise bhool sakta hu main ;) 
batamiz dil batamiz dil batamiz dil mane na........

batamiz dil batamiz dil batamiz dil mane na........

am so in luv with ranbir &lt;3
luv the ways he says &#39;BU&#39;nny !
am so in luv with ranbir &lt;3
luv the ways he says &#39;BU&#39;nny !
bunny
Mujhe tumse pyaar ho jaayega phirse awesome writing
I want this video in my cell dnt knw hw to download this thing
Soumdtrack coming your way 3rd week of may as by k.johar
rukna nhi chahata hu.
rukna nhi chahata hu.
First Day First Show ! :D :D
it wil b hit..bt dis movie won&#39;t help ranbir kapur to fetch any best actor award..coz dis tym he dint gt any chance to Showcase his real talent in dis film
i lov u ranbirrrrrrrrrr
schhhhooollller naina :P


batmeez dil

i am eagerly waiting for this movie... are you? hit like.
8888 likes....
100 cr for sure 
ranbir rocks again
mere good looks aur ..well meri akal :D
bole ye zamana *kharabi ho gayi  :)
the audio is scheduled to release on 5th  April and the last line of the trailer is so true that would fall in  love &quot;phir se&quot; hahaha! So true and realistic! Really good movie well it looks like one and holi song i cnt wait for!!!

deeps looks SOOOOO HOTTTT at 2:06 omg i just LOVE her &lt;33333
I wanna live dis life of bunny
wow cant wait to see the movie
balam pichkari jo tuni mujhe mari
toh, seedhi saadhi chori sharabi ho gayi....
haa heel pahenke jo tune maara thumka
toh lattu padosan ki bhabi ho gai
haa bole re zamana haraami ho gai
haa bole re zamana haraami ho gai...
kya trailer hai yarr... i really wanna watch this movie.... awesome songs 
waiting for the movie..

Dil Badtameez dil Badtameez....pan me pudina dekha...naak ka nagina dekha... chikni chameli dekha chikna kameena dekha.. chaal me chittar hoke cheat kiya to sare taare bole.. gili gili akkhaaa... 
awesome n full of energy..... songs are ffffaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddddddddduuuuuuuuu ... mindblasting  supa cool songs...
owsm song badtameez dil badtameez dil mane na 
TOO INTRESTING  TRAILER


badtameez dil .. too good
i jst lovd d trailer..d song balam pichkari is 2 gud...waitn 4 d release
2:00 Teri maa ki!!!!!!!
i like ur trailler













wow nice song and great act of ranbir
wow nice song and great act of ranbir
like this..............
like this..............
waiting for battamezdil...................
nyc 1
Deepika&#39;s last line is so true .. in real life :) 
hayee...mere bday pe :p
Cool deepika
This video is very nice &amp; very funny cool
Too Good Trailer,..Eager to Listen songs,..Hope it would b released asap!! n Deepika U rock Baby,..!!!
Nice song....Badtameez dil

Trailer starts at 0:33. You&#39;re welcome..
movie is releasing on may31...ranbir is gonna rock again....wow
Ranbir&#39;s dance &gt;

Yeahhhhhhhhhhhh!!! Pritam did it again. This time it&#39;s the legendary MACARENA!!!! 
oossssuummmmmmmmm........pichari

deepika jzz wow


Scholarrrrr Nainaaaa !!! 
coolest trailer i have watched on you tube after step up 3

Batameez dil, Maane na :P
cool..
trailor tho mast hai
can&#39;t wait....
nice song...balam pichkari ......waiting 4 the movie..

nice song...balam pichkari ........

wnna watch
wnna watch
batameez dil
luv u ranbir..
batameez dil
batameez dil
tehrna jane na
When this movie supposed to be released???? any idea???
this year is going 2 be difficult 4 us

which one 2 choose from

yeh jawani hain dewani or besharam
wooooooooooooo

eagerly waiting for d film...n d songs to be out !!!^_^

ranbir iz luking sooooo cooooooooooollllllllllll yr...;)
Deepika u r Extremely tilanted ......  fantastic...    itprakash.kumar@gmail.com
Yjhd exclusive tracklist
music-pritam
lriyicist-amitabh bhattcharya
1.badtameez dil-benny dayal
2.balam pichkari-sung by a chorus
3.khamos dil-rahat fateh ali khan(sad song)
4.tu hi tu-mohit chauhan
5.yet to come
deepika new look very nice..

love the holi song &amp; badtamiz dil.

supreb... d last dialogue deepika wala... dil le gaya..
Awesum trailer ;)
Paan Mein Pudina Dekha..O_o
Naak Ka Nagina Dekha..^_^
Chikini Chameli Dekhi..:P
Chikana Kamina Dekha..;O
Chand Ne Cheater Ho Ke..;)
Cheat Kiya Toh Sarey Tarey Boley..:P
GILLI  GILLI AKA...=D
awesome trailer yet im watching song babli badmash too good
haeeee...faaduuu trailor
Deepika Rocks with Ranbir (Kapoor) ...... we r waiting for this to happen in real life of them..... good promo.
nice clip

Awsome I just love Deepika
I LOVE U DEEPIKA.............. 
Awesome Deepika... m waiting dis movi.. 

awwww i love this song balam pichkaari . and awesome trailor
thumbs up if ur watchin it daily......&lt;3
in mid-April.
nice film i like it too much


back in action :D

can&#39;t wait for movie release ...... 
Deepika&#39;s last dialogue. ;) ;) !! haha. :D . she still can have the tattoo.. ;) 
Deepika and Ranbir its great couple ,the names Naina talwar n Bunny both r jhakassss this movie is going to super duper hit ,incredible trailer ,the dialog is said by Deepika is heart break ,if u like this trailer give more likes.
loved it..........

Mst eagrlyy waitng fr d movie....!
eagerly waiting 

awesome 1!!

Does anyone know when the songs are releasing?????
Guys share this video fast to hit maximum views
Balam pichkari jo tune mujhe maari
Toh seedhi sadhi chhori sharabi ho gyi
Jean pehen ke jo tune maara thumka
Toh lattu padosan ki mammi ho gayi
Reh bole re jamana kharabi ho gayi
Haan bole re jamana kharabi ho gayi
Rk RocKssSs!!

seriously looks awesome... will definitely catch this one for sure... music is also tooo good... ATB YJHD... ;) 
great trailer
I am waiting for both the songs Battameez Dil &amp; Balam Pichkari.... :D &lt;3 Ranbir &amp; Deepika! &lt;3
wooo
balam pichkari jo tune mujhe maari to sseedhi saadhi chori shraabi ho gyi. pehen ke jo chunari tune mara tumka lattu padosan deewani ho gayi... ha bole re zammana anadi ho gayi..
chunnari pehen ke jo tune mara tumka lattu padosan deewani ho gayi... ha bole re zammana anadi ho gayi..
0:32 
balam pichkari jo tune mujhe maari toh seedhi saadhi chori sharaabi ho gayi...jean vean pehn k jo tune maara thumka toh lattoo padosan ki maami ho gayi...:) :)
Ranbir is awesome
Ranbir is awesome
jean pehankar jo tune mara thumka toh lattu padosan ki mami ho gayi
Ranbir is awesome
Ranbir is awesome
hahahahahahahahahahhhaaaaa., thri maa kiiiii...........:p superb trailer.
d lst part of this trailer...is also applicable in real life also :)
Haan dil mein behal ke jo toone mara thumka
To laddu padosan burari ho gayi

Bole re zamaana kharabi ho gayi
Bole re zamaana kharabi ho gayi
Haan dil mein behal ke jo toone mara thumka
To laddu padosan burari ho gayi

Bole re zamaana kharabi ho gayi
Deepika and ranbir perfect couple.I wish they get back together and i can say that this is going to be an epic couple. RanDeep forever and ever and yeah they are made for each other 
awesome blockbuster

Ranbir is hot.....release date please.......?
lvu rbk
I wish they soon get back 2gether!! awesum trailerr!!! &lt;3 can&quot;t wait for 31st mayy!!!! 
2 million views !!! WOOHOO !!! :D
RK ....means ....ROCK
Wake up sid was awesome, ayan with another good one. 
Balam pichkari jo tune mujhe maari
Toh seedhi sadhi chhori sharabi ho gyi
Jean pehen ke jo tune maara thumka
Toh lattu padosan ki mammi ho gayi
Reh bole re jamana kharabi ho gayi
Haan bole re jamana kharabi ho gayi
cOOl buNNy nD scHOolaRR dEEpika R gNg tO rOck reLAtionShipssSS....
cOOl buNNy Nd scHOlaAarR naIna aRE gNg tO rOck dIs sUmmER..
DEEPIKA exotic beauty just for deepika

loved it  &lt;3
Can&#39;t wait for the music :)

Nice trailer ...waiting for the movie on one leg
ok
owsme trailer..nd songs.. gona c dis mve fr sure.. &lt;3 
RK :*
d last dialogue mnz a lot....4 deepika...lol

great trailer!!
Kash mere batch me bhi aisi tota hoti! Hayeeee!
ranbirz expression at @2:07 :)
ise kehte hain daal mein tadka 


yaar vo last line kya ha..balam pichkari jo tune mujhe maari to sseedhi saadhi chori shraabi ho gyi ..uske baaad kya ha
rk rokzzzzz

nice yar waiting for movie
I hv seen dis video almost 20 tyms!! Aww... I luv yu deepika n ranbir! U bth luk so cute 2gthr!
finally, a good genre movie... This is the movie i was waiting for, ... Love ranbir
Trailer hi itna mast hai film kaisi hogi !!! Thumbs Up !!
gonna be an awesome movie

Nice Pair


fNtastic
Outstanding ! 
When do they launch the Music ? 

Ranbir Is Truly A ROCKSTAR !!
already a hit

loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Ranbir....and loveeeeeeeeeeeeee the trailer....cant hardly wait for the movie and music to release.....&lt;3

made for each other jodi.......super duper hit jawani......
The composer is Pritamda...
Ranbir is Awesome
Ranbir is Awesome
Ranbir is Awesome
Ranbir is Awesome
m gonna watch it! awesome

superbbb ranbir:*

Music superb yaar when gonna releasing..?
2:47 Celebration startss...... 

Daily 10 times
The composer is Pritam.. and the singer is I guess Benny Dayal..
like it :)

Wow...Deepika..I love your voice. U have the sweetest voice among all actresses !!! I love you !!
The composer is Amit Trivedi..
pritam
Awesm... 3
kya mast movie hogi ye!!

Music is by Pritam :)
Forget about the movie, I can&#39;t wait for the music release. :D
ffiiiiirrr seeee......:):)
pyaar ho jayega, fir se........best part in tailer..:)
Pritam is the music composer
artist-k.k,mohit chauhan,rahat fateh ali khan.
trailer hit hai..
movie definetly dhamaka hogi..
ranbir and deepika are made for each other.........the movie is going 2 b a super hit when dey r 2gether, fantastic couple
Thumbs up who want to watch the film like right now!!!!??
when music will be out...!! Who is the composer...Vishal-shekhar..?? Watever,...but songs are going be awesome...waiting for the music release..!!
balam pichkari joo tune mujhe mari to sidhi sadhi chokri sarabi hoo gayi


fadu movie hai yaar
gonna b a hit....surely.......

cool,trailer i had ever SEEN!

Balam pichkari jo tune mujhe maari to sidhi sadhi chori sharabi ho gyi..... 
Holy aagyi par song nahi aaya 
 
happy holiiii ranbir bhai
Mast video
Ranbir kapoor is back
@shpgrl007: Music launch is 29th March 
Kalki is awesome
excited foe this!
it will be a rocking movie.what a combi of all stars front &amp; behind camera.watch out !!!!!!!!!!!this 1 is coming to spin up all the head.
dialogue looks cheesy
Hens the music released
Hope they release the balam pichkari song tomorrow.....i mean come yaaar if they dont release it tomorrow....its a waste after alll its festive song
awesome .
   now its too hard to w8 for this movie ..
deeepika is back wid her dimples n sizzling bod n juz look stunnin..
love u deeps!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 u ROCK

blockbuster movie!

Hit hay boss
What a trailor ! :D
please upload the song really quick, can&#39;t wait to listen to them!!!!! :D
finally bollywood got something new
Plsss Plsss release &quot;Balam Pichkari&quot; song full version tomorrow or today... othrwis it will be waste to release after Holi......
Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani - Official Trailer | Ranbir Kapoor, Deepika Padukone
Deepika + Saree = EXTREAM HOTNESS!!!!!!!!

can&#39;t wait for it to release!!! i love deepika ! :D

100 + tymz watched the tailor for 2 songs!!
dis is just AWESOMENESS !!!!!! :D
love dips and ranbir.....eagerly waiting to watch this movie &lt;3
i am incredibly waiting for the music release..........

i don&#39;t know how many times i watched this trailer but still watching......pyaar ho gaya hai phir se .........what a chemistry b/w deepika n ranbir .yaar just love them
i don&#39;t know how many times i watched this trailer but still watching......pyaar ho gaya hai phir se
Holi wala song kab aayega
Holi wala song kab aayega
a 1:10..OMG.. look of deepika..aahhh dat smile...watching dis trailer again and again for dat smile..shooooo shwt.. man ..just fall in luv wid her..&lt;3 &lt;3
ranbir u r awsome


The music sounds awesome..!! Waiting for its release!! &lt;3
Great Movie Cant Wait To Watch ! :D

ranbir u r awsome


i cant wait for the movie
Ayan mukharji is back.....
Balam pichkari jo tune mujhe maari to Seedhi sadi chhori sharabi ho gai...
&#39;mujhe tumse pyaar ho jayega...fir se&#39;  ...does that mean  back in their school days...she was in love with him. Awww!

nice trailer
Ranbir&#39;s 1st blockbuster of 2013
Ranbir&#39;s 1st blockbuster of 2013
Great
ahhh can&#39;t wait!!! 
a love the trailer

waiting for the movie
I like this Movie also Badtmiz Song.. This movie Songs Rocks............


LIKE IF UR CHARACTER IS LIKE BUNNY
LIKE IF UR CHARACTER IS LIKE BUNNY
me and deepika.. We will make history
Paan mein pudeena dekha
Naak ka nageena dekha
Chkni chameli dekhi
Chikna kameena dekha
Jaa-e-jigar hoke cheat kiya to
Saare taare bole gilli-gilli akkha..

Ho.. ho..
Hie naina 
Tere naina me mai doob java, dil kare dhoob hi java 
Deepika umaaaaah
i was hoping they would release the holi song before the festival :) :( ......
waiting for the songs release and also the film.its definitely gonna be outstanding
Depi is 2 sexy
What a slap @ 1:31..Lol !



can&#39;t wait for this movie...awesome trailer
hopefully the holi song will be out for this year&#39;s holi. 
SupErB tRaiLer EaGeR toSee Dis FilM.. :) :) &lt;3
Ranbir you rock!
Bum shake move is awesome at 2:56

simply nice!!!!!!

i m not watching the trailer .......i m only listening it.........again n again.....great music
Badtameez dil badtameez dil
Badtameez dil maane naa.

luv RK...&lt;3
i lov u ranbir 
i&#39;m a big fan f urs :)
ma ranbir muaaaaaaaahhh.......;p
ma ranbir muaaah :P
ranbir looks awesome.....
Nice 1
when is the music releasing, this diwali it has to be BALAM PICHKARI, hv fed up same track being played evry year on HOLI...???
Awesome trailer, can&#39;t wait 
waiting for music realise
teri maa ki..............so cute............
speki dips sweety

luv d trailer &amp; prformances 

waiting for this movie......

balam pichkari jo tune muje mari toh sidhi sadhi chori sharabi ho gayi
ho jean pehenkar jo tune mara thumka toh latu padosan diwani ho gayi
Luv it!!!!!!! &lt;3

such a fantastic trailer...movie must be a blast....waitin for it so eagerly...deepika is mindblowing...supporting actors r also fab
ayee...i luv u ranbir..
 
aww..what a trailor..ill watch it....batamiz dil mane naa
 
Nice mov.
looks interesting ranbir and deepika rock 
at 2:15  , nobody else can do that step with that level of enjoyment and energy ,my god it makes me dance as well  !ranbir rocksss
hit has boss egarly waiting after the cocktail
wowiiiiieeee!!!... i will watch it ;)

badtameez dil
o yaar...scholarrrrrrr NAINA...!! super style!!
i have watched this trailer for over 100 times just to listen both the tracks ........plzz release the songs.....i beg you guys ...LOL!!!
faaduu   ..Ranbir will rock again
Awesome songs..... Waiting fr music release
Deepika
made crazy lovely songs.....teri maa ki #@$##$
AWESOMELY SUPERBLY FANTASTIC!!......Balam pichkaari,O tune mujhe maari..toh sidhi saadhi chhori sharaabi ho gayi!!...Ummah..Love u Ranbir !,,and Deepika??I love ur figure ,man!:-)
waiting for another blockbuster!!!!!

Awsm movie
mindblowinggggg movieeee!!!! rk derpika anodr sizzling jodiiiii luv dem alott..movie gonna hit d crore club dammnn soon.nd luv d sng badtameez dil madlyyy
very nice song

In the beginning he&#39;s still talking abt Wake Up Sid. Lol!
 it will be karan johar&#39;s another hit.. going to BLOW the BOX OFFICE ...
when does the music release??

Loving the songs!!
I&#39;ve watched this trailer over 15 times and im still not bored of it!!!!
3.33 is too short a time for a trailer for  this movie!!!! i want it to be longer :&#39;(
AWESOME i love it 
Ranbir love u bhai
lovely song- Baattameez hai dil
Ranbir u r jus so amazing.....jus waiting fr d movie 2 release.
lovely film its gonna be.. full of entertainment n romance with a mix and match of lachrymose. Must watch film. i am going 1st day! holi hai!! Need some stunning entertainers like this.. Nautanki saalaa is the other one which will rock. 
I&#39;m terribly excited about this movie!! Been watching the trailer over and over again, its gonna be sooo good!
BALAM....PICHKARI JO TUNE MUJHE MARI....TU SEDI SADHI  SHORI  SHARABI HO GAYI........HEEL PEHAN KE JO TUNE MARA THUMKA TU LATTU PADOSAN ki bhabhi ho gayi
awesome/////////////////  

So who&#39;s ready for the new HOLI song????

That moment when she&#39;s all &quot;I can&#39;t stay around you anymore because, if I do, I&#39;ll fall in love with you...all over again.&quot; is not something you often hear in The Grand Bollywood Romance. Decidedly, I am looking forward to this now!
must must must watch as both r my fav.

BALAM PICHKARI.....JO TUNE MUJHE MAARI....TO SEEDHI SAADHI CHORI KAWARI HO GAYI
AWESOME!
Just love this..both of them rock!!!
start of celebration at 2:47 love it &lt;3



Kapoor
Cant wait...
Its gonna be awsm
:)
tum kya chahte ho life se
raftaar paagalpan mein udna chahta hu girana chahta hu dodana chahta bas rukana nahi chahta ......................nice dialogue
raftaar paagalpan mein udna chahta hu girana chahta hu dodana chahta bas rukana nahi chahta ......................nice dialogue
iski to fantasy hi yhi ke duniya ki sari ladkiya iske piche pade
Paan me pudeena dekhaa
Naag na nageena dekhaa
Chikni chameli dekhi
Chiknaa kaminaa dekhaa
Jaan-e-jigar hoke cheat kiya
Toh sare tare bole
Gilli gili akka..
aree soch to sahi, kitne handsome bache honge humare mere good looks aurrr, well meri akal... love u ranbirrrrrrrr.......
Waiting fr dis one!
Deepika luks hawtt!!
I just loved it.........baar baar dekhne ka mann kar raha hai
Uff..cnt help..watching again n again
lvd it ranbir always rocks...........

waiting for the songs!!

Awesome! RK all the way! 100cr all the way!
fantastic cool ranbeer.....with hot deepika.....
blockbuster..!!!!!!


fantastic cool ranbeer.....with hot deepika.....
blockbuster..

Paan mein pudina dekha,naak ka nagina dekha
Chikni chameli dekhi,chikna kamina dekha
Jaa-e-jigar hoke cheat kiya to
Saare taare bole gilli gilli akkha..
Battameez dil, battamiz dil
Battameez dil, battamiz dil...!!! ... &lt;3 &lt;3 
Balam pichkaari jo tune mujhe maari toh seedhi-saadhi ladki sharaabi ho gayi.. :D
These lines got stuck in my head now. :D
Because of Deepika, I&#39;ll watch this. Love her looks in this movie. :3 &lt;3 :)
u wil rock again ......bunny
wl be rocking ....wow cant w8 till may
awsMe promo ....................................
tum samajhte kyun nhi ki agar maine yeh trailer ek aur baar dekha toh.................mujhe deepika se pyaar ho jaiga...............phir se
Thumbs up if want to watch the movie now!!
Nice
.will definitely go to watch this

love deepika

BADTAMEEEZ DIL .......BADTAMEEEZ DIL ....... MAAANEY NAAAAA! :D
Awesome Ayan Can&#39;t wait any more
Alag Pichkaari Jo Tune Mujhpe Maari.....


Thumbs for both!!! Rabbit and deepika going to rock
balam peechkaari jo tune muje maari toh seedhi saadhi chori sharaabi ho gayeeeeeeeeee,,,,,,,,,,,, i love it 222222,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
awesome love the songs in the trailer,though im a huge khan fan have to admit ranbir is doing a good job and looks like after the khan trio is well set to take tha mantle of the next super star.
wahooo......i cant w8 of ranveer masti again ....it&#39;s would be  moree aweome than Bachna hai haseeno !
Ill watch this only for ranbir..:)
Loved the trailer!! 
Awhhhh mannn!! Im so excited for this film. :D
Forget about the movie, I can&#39;t wait for the music launch :D Finally bollywood produces some good songs.

SONGS WILL BE RELEASING MID APRIL!!! 
more surprises to come from PRITAM
I am eagerly waiting for the music release!! Loved itr
holi wala song...really awesm guys

Wow wow wow!! trailer is fab! im gonna watch dis movie
Best couple in bollywood .. really looking forward for the movie :) :*

A must watch.!
@ 1:01 Ranbir&#39;s gesture &amp; reaction is flawless, also  @ 01: 17 loved d way he says, &quot;BUNNY&#39;&#39;. The best onscreen couple of hindi cinema with RK &amp; DP seems to be at their best.. Eagerly waiting.!! 

forget sharukh forget salman forget aamir here comes the new superstar RK
totally looks amazingggg
Love you Deepika...:P
The music sounds amazing.... just amazzzzing!!! The film seems been-there-done-that especially for Ranbir...he has been playing similar characters from the start of his career. 
Nice
Watched this over 20 times
agar trailer hi itna addictive hai toh movie ka toh soch bhi nahi saktay :D
Songs are gonna be Legendary!
pichkaari jo tune mujhe maari toh seedhi saadhi chori sharabi hogayi !! awesome :D :D..waiting for audio release !!
dat holi wala song might be released before holi 


Songs are gonna rock :**
Watching the trailer again n again coz of badtameez dil... The song... And the dance surely! Hey shouldn&#39;t they release the pichkari song before holi??
awesome....badly waiting for this movie...

Mast picture aane wali h boss..
did songs released ?????
Music &#39;ll rock....... Batamaiz Batamiz Dil Mana naa......(Y)

omg jst 4 days..&amp; 1m likes...
Superb chemistry..youthful songs..
Totally luv that &quot;Badtamiz dil&quot; song...&lt;3 So true :P

nice movie... :)
nice movie... :)

amazing promo... RK and Dippy rocks.. &lt;3
&quot;Phheer se&quot; :P Deepika madam....Fir se :P
all songs are very nice
(y)
rocking dude 
OMG!!!
Can&#39;t wait for this movie!!
foot tapping music......looking forward to see Ranbir &amp; Deepika on screens........!!!!!!
songs aache hit honge

&lt;3 ranbir kapoor!!!
nice to see ranbir-deepika pairing up again. nice chemistry. but deepika still need to learn acting.as far as i see in the trailer ranbir is making deepika act.deepika looks lost.
nice to see ranbir-deepika pairing up again. deepika is useless without ranbir. nice chemistry. but deepika still need to learn acting.
i hope results in best movie of the year ..luv u deepika and ranbir \m/

nd even that song batameez dil...
Paan mein pudina dekha
naak ka nagina dekha
chikni chameli dekhi
chikna kameena dekha
chand ne nidar hoke cheat kiya ( sumthing lyk that )
to saare taare bole geeli geeli aha ha...
ispe bhoot koi chada hai
therna na jaane na
kya bura kya bhala hai
fark pehchaane na
zid pakad ke khada hai kambakht
chhodna jaane naaa....
batmeez dil...batmeez dil...batmeez dil...maane naa...maane naa...


Like that holi song
balam pichkari
jo tunne mujhe maari
to seedhi saadhi chori
sharabi ho gayi 
...haa jeans pehan ke 
jo tunne maara thumka
(next line i didnt get might be its...)
to lattu padosan ki bhabhi ho gayi...sumthing like tht ( correct me if i m wrong )
nd then...oh bole re zamana kharabi ho gayi ..... 


Gonna be a bullshit......ppl had similar expectations frm Anjaana anjaani.....similarly itz gonna be a torture to watch dis film...!!
wohoo watching dis again n again n again !! :D :p love Ranbir :*  
wohoo watching dis again n again n again !! :D :p love Ranbir :*
wohoo watching dis again n again n again !! :D :p love u  &lt;3 Ranbir :* &lt;3
\
wohoo watching dis again n again n again !! :D :p love u  &lt;3 Ranbir :* &lt;3
looking forward to the movie promo seems good
phaado trailer ,killer boy ranbir arrived again

Yeah good
Awesome i like
Awesome video my sister is a big fan of the holi song even i am can&#39;t wait for this movie
No comments for this two couples ....
its nice to see them in movie and real life..
my fv pair in bollywood
and movie will rock ...its 100% sure blockbuster...
thnks karan johar for doing this work...
You can never be old and wise.....If you were never young and crazy.......deep thought :0
awesum couple!!n d songs r gonna rock man..
Only for Deepika !!!!!!!
looking forward to see this one....amazing pair ....amazing script ...gona b osum for real

clever... witty dialogues.... amazing songs!!! 
funny songs
its rocking

awesum couple!!n d songs r gonna rock man..
karan johar new film

I&#39;m from Modern School too :D
every one is talking abt RK AND DP Jodiii...........but ur forgetting the way RANBIR BHAYA   dANcED in the movie ...he was excellent.....hit like if u agree
niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
superb superb superb.......but dis wil be the second superhit ov dis year 1st will be chashme baddoor!!!!!!!!!!!
Mast hai yaar maja aayega....

aaaaaaaaaaaaa, can&#39;t wai till 31st may!!
its gud to c ranbir n deepika back on screen together ! love them ..!
Wow
amazing
can&#39;t wait till 31st may.
dying to watch both of them together again :-*
looking quite cool.....waiting 4 31st May....
love the music nd song ...specially holi  song
Cant wait any more..
love that holi waala song ! GOD ! its stuck in my head now ;(
great ! now ill be singing that song during my board ;D lol
nice..pretty intriguing...;)


awsum chemistry btween ranbir n deepika jst w8ing fr  may 31st!!!.......
Loved it my fav ranbir nd dipika
DEEPIKA I LOVE YOU... After your COCKTAIL Movie... I expect High from You!!!! MUAAH!!
i luv this jodi and the trailer is so awesome.waiting for the songs

Ayan Mukerji rocks... Waiting for this after &#39;Wake Up Sid&#39;...
Super hit
Ssupperr hit
these kind of movies take u away from the reality..
reality leaves behind :(

nice

love Deepika &lt;3 

arey yaarrr is movie k songs kab release hone wale he..??
badly waiting for movie as well as songs..:(
specially &quot;seedhi saari chori&quot; song..
awesome..loved it..&lt;3 :*
itsso good trailer n i hope movie will also awesmmmmmm...

waiting for this movie since 1992.......(my birth year)
loveeeee it.... eagrly waiting fr it 3
Mujhe tumse pyaar ho jayega...Phir se

Never thought the movie would be so good. At least that is what I feel from the trailer. This comes from a production house which has given some of the best emotional movies like Yash Chopra. The movie is refreshing, it has a soul. I am sure it will connect with the youth and also people who have a  heart or soul which does not wish to grow old. 

this is gonna be the coolest summer.
this is gonna be the coolest suMMer
this is gonna be the coolest suMMer ...
RANBIR ROCKS

Wow
this film will rock and this film is going to be a biggest hit
jhkkaas
I&#39;ve watched 100 times nd above... m crazy abt ranbir n deepika..!!  
oye
Nice
superv ..they both looking great this movie will rock ......
wow Seriously this is a real jawani
but ye kya may 31st tak ka intjaar
nai 
nai
nai
nai hoga ye intjaar
Best movie
1 Am waiting for you Ranbir I am A Vary Big Fan
Look guys, there is not a single negative comment, This movie is surely gonna rock
thumbs upp if u waching it over 5 tyms ;)

Trailor to fadu hai boss... just eager to watch.&lt;3
Trailor looks cool!!can&#39;t wait to watch the movie..
thumbs upp if u waching it over 5 tyms ;)

egarly waitingggg 4 this movieee......:).......
Can&#39;t wait to watch this movie. I bet it&#39;s gonna be one of my favourites who cares its in my favourites already
Thinking of 22 tak padhai...25 pe naukri...26 pe chokri...30 pe bachche...60 pe retirement aur fir maut ka intzaar na yaar aise nhi bas aisa chahiye  ki seedhi saadhi chhori sharaabi ho gyi...haan mujhe pyaar ho jayega FIR SE..... Waiting for this movie yaar...
so nice
watched it for like 45 times! :O i love it! &lt;3 &lt;3 ranbir &lt;3 &lt;3
Really loved the holi song...seeedhi saadhi ladki sharaabi hogayi !! :)))

balam pichkari jo tune mujhe mari
after Wake up sid i want watch it!!!
Pritam.. You rock..
thanx god so long period i watch awesome trailer dis movie gona huge
 hit
I loved that &quot;pichkari&quot; song !!
nice songs holi

I am too excited for this movie . Rk always rock
I am too excited for this movie . Rk always rock
 song balam pichkari is realy nice  boss maja aa gaya 
 song balam pichkari is blaster boss 
those who DISLIKED this needs immediate care... may god shower some taste and enjoyment in your lives!!!
Just awesome
-awsum love u deepika
This movie looks fantastic! Suave Ranbir and the beautiful Dippy. What a pair! Looking forward to this one!
damn xcited abt dis... ;)

I am wait for the songs :D Please release the holi one first. 
cant wait for 31st may... itz gonna be rocking
That was a really good movie in 3 minutes and 33 seconds.
OMG!! Luks like a tottal masala blockbuster..cant wait to see Ayan recreate his Wake up Sid magic wid Ranbir..this has got to be the most awaited movie of the year :)
ranbir &lt;3&lt;3 &lt;3 deeepikaa &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
They make life so short by releasing trailers months in advance :(

yeh jawani ..hai diwani...AUR FIR SE WOHI GHISI PITI KAHANI
waiting for may 2012..
Can&#39;t wait to have it in cinemas!
faaad dalegi ye sara budget.......

Great, It has a feel of an SRK movie of his youth.
R.k bck to rock again
awsome deepika toooo goood &lt;3

Great, It has a feel of an SRK movie of his youth.
I like dis .... and I wish aaisi koi movie salman bhai bi karyy
I like dis .... and I wish aaisi koi movie salam bhai bi karyy
Great, It has a feel of an SRK movie of his youth.
Ayan Mukherji.. Wake Up Sid&#39;s my superfavourite movie.. I simply loved it.. Isliye thodi si nervous hu with this movie of yours coz my expectations are already sky high... But yes this trailer looks promising.... Dil thaam k baithe hai.. Lets see what u got for us this time...
Omg........ranbir jus wana c u fo a whole yr.,subah se shaaam.......
looks like holi is gonna be epic in the movie!
Me tooo.......wow ranbir wana c u in romance.,lov u mwhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.,uhh two mnthss.......i love u ranbirrrr
the songs looks great!! can&#39;t wait &lt;3
Bdtmeez dil, bdtmeez dil, bdtmeez dil.......Maane Na!!!!!!
Deepika Padukone is one beautiful actress. The trailer looks fun. and the scene with Bunny&#39;s friends when Naina meets Bunny&#39;s friends in the train- that was so funny. Loved it!
wooooooooooooooooo... the song is damn attractive... i mm eagerly waitin....
Awesome 
Awesome
Awesome
Seems gud.....
I m very exited to watch ths.....
awesome movie trailer  super hit movie 
luv u guys deepika ranbir made for each other  
songs must release before holi so could have good songs to rock holi....waiting for its songs to release soon
mast  hai yaar!!!! :)

Ranbir kapoor &#39;s acting is really good!!
ranbir&#39;s acting is really good!!
nice promo waiting 4 this movie.....!
i have watched this ovr 20 tyms...o my godd am eagrly waithng for dis..............!!!

wating for dis movie since last year.....

arey yaar still we have 2 wait for 2months shit!!!!!

amazing promo............ I m waiting for the Movie &lt;3
loooking coooooool

Good one...
batamiss dil batamiss too gooooood to resist................plz release the audio soooooooooon
they are gonna rock it !!


When will this movie will release?

it luks to b sumthng diffrnt :) :)
great

0:32
d trailer luks awesom..cnt wait fo dis ^_^
deeps u r the best 
its gud to see sumthng interestng after so much time.

i love this trailer dyng to watch ranbir nd dips....woooowwww man...i m lovin it.... it wouls surely rock d theatre...oooo ranbir...
i love this trailer dyng to watch ranbir nd dips....woooowwww man...i m lovin it....
you can never be old and wise..
if you were never young and crazy...:))
you are  right franss..:))
awesomeeeeeee
Extraordinary
nice 

owwww wating 4 dis movie badly....ranibir &amp; dippy lukss ossmeee togthr
Ranbir&#39;s luking xtremely hot
You know she actually meant it when she said *tumse pyaar ho jayega.. .phir se* at the end.. aww they look good together. This movie looks good! 
super songs..
This gonna be the craziest movie!!
Gosh!! Ranbir N Deepika are back with a BANG !!
awsum \m/
ranbir again rocks.....songs r awesome
Couple of corrections :
Balam Pichkaari jo tune mujhe maari,
To seedhi saadhi chori sharabi ho gayi,
Jean pehen ke jo tune mara thumka,
To lattu padosan tihaari ho gayi,
Bole re zamana kharaabi ho gayi.


awesome trailer and Deepika and Ranbir look hot couple

awesome trailer and deepika and ranbir look hot couple
Finally Something Fresh and New :) :D 
Waiting for this so badly! Ranbir and Deepika are amazing together!
is movie k songs kab release hone wale he..??
awesome songs he yaar..badly waiting for that..
specially wo &quot;seedhi saari chhori&quot;..
loved it..&lt;3 :*
Deepika looking hot.
kk song should be there
waiting for movie madly ..
22 tak padhai ..
25 pe naukri ..
26 pe chokri ..
30 pe bachhe ..
60 pe retirement ..

aur fir ..??

maut ka intejaar..


hattt ..   aisi ghisi piti life thodi jina chahta hu me ..

raftar pagalpan .. me udna chahta hu, daudna chahta hu, girna bhi chahta hu..
basss  ..     rukna nahi chahta  ..

Now this is something awesome.....faadu trailor yrrr..badly waiting for this movie......bahut hopes h yrr......I m sure u all together will rock....all the best ....

Yeh jawaani hai deewani
Yeh jawaani hai deewani
Ranbir Kapoor is Awesome!!!!!
plz!!!!!! release it quickly... 
cant wait 4 may n dat also 31st may....
Superb Video I love the last word.. phir.. se piyar ho jaega....
Scholar naina, iss chasme ko kaise bul sakta hu :)
i love it...eagerly waiting for it to release ! :D :D &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 

awesomeee 

awesomeee ♥

mast h yar
owsm yaar...

this is something m badly waitin for......&lt;3

31st may!... isn&#39;t it too late ??can&#39;t wait yar...
awsm
amzing deepika will rock...

too good! SUPERB!! Ranbir n deepika are awesome!! 
RK..!!! :*
Can&#39;t wait!!
ILY Ranbir 3
Deepika is beauty
yeh jawani hai deewani..yoyoyoyoyoyyoo

omg I&#39;m Sooo excited I cant wait to see them together again &lt;3 Its gonna be a BOMB 
bole re jamana kharabi ho gyi sidhi sadhi chori sharabi ho gyiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

this really awesome trailer...
i&#39;m waiting this movie..

best wishes &amp; happy holi...

Balam Pichkaari joh toone mujhe maari
To seedhi saari chhori sharaabi ho gayi
Haan chunari pehen ke jo too ne maara thumkaa
To lattu padosan tihaari ho gayi &lt;3 &lt;3 !!!!!!!!!!!

Very nice
Trailer is Awesum this year one of the best Movie
Very nice jodi
Tell me the release date please,i am gonna be reserving my ticket


Tell me the release date please,i am gonna be reserving mine .

waiting hardly !! :)

dis movie trailer looks nyc...but i dnt lyk deepika
22 tak padhaye..
25 pe nokri..
26 pe chokri....
30 pe bachchey..
60 pe retirement..
aur phir maut ka intezaar..
hy aishi ghishi peeti life tohodi jeena chahata hun main.........
movie looks like blockbuster &amp; Ranbir is fabulous
Its nice
woah man...!!!!!! what a trailer..... beyond awesome... pehli nazaar mein kaise jadoo kardiya yaar.. eagerly waiting fr the movie.. :) :) 
They both adorableu rock
woah man.,,,!!!!!!!!! WHAT A TRAILER... eagerly waiting fr the movie... i m sure its gonna b awesome... pehli nazaar mein kaise jadoo kardiya yaar... &lt;3 &lt;3
hitttttttttt sure
bastamisss dil




o my god kya jodi hai, i hpe they fall in luv again superb
agar do minute aur rukjavo to mujhe tumse pirse pyaar ho jayega...... let this b true

sexy...man..!! i love this couple.....
battamiss batamiss dil,hitttttttttttttttttttt for sure

I really respect her emotions for Ranbir, she still loves him......
waitn fo dis mve fo d past 3 yrs..!! xcitd to wch it d trailer seems tooo ..too..gud....jst waitin fo d muvie..!! :)))
nw dis film describes hw lyf shud be.......fantastic one

ossum

rockstar is back
Oh my! I watch this trailer way to much! Can the music release already? So I can somehow survive till may :P
JUST CANT WAIT!!!!!!!!!!!! FREAKIN CONTAGIOUS TRAILER!!!! 
Awesome Holi Song
2013 is Deepika&#39;s Year- Race 2, Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani , Ram Leela and With SRK - Chennai Express..
&quot;Teri Maa Ki&quot; Sounds so good with Kalki! :P
awesome:)

It may be a good movie
Badtameez Dil 