so this channel is made for you guys and aren't you put on my Instagram yesterday hey tell me some videos that you want to see and. what's the score in the Brewers score and through and then I see one person says how to get a bigger. no no no no no no no no no we. Maybe. they want to build muscle. play talk about on my channel but they also want to know how to increase it and I thought you know I'm actually. make a video one recommended video from someone and that guy was Johnny Sins or something you know what. can you check out all your clothing my official clothing brand rise above and this topic I'm going to rise above and actually make a video talking about it. watch me any objective any goals in life that you want to accomplish rise above major check it out and of course if. gmail.com and let's get you on the 90 day shredding plan you can receive a free workout. stop playing this video so I made a video asking girls does size matter and I'm going to show you a couple of the responses right now. how do you actually increase it now this is something that. a lot of people actually take advantage of believe it or not because people number one they will say okay cool to increase. stop believing that whole thing and you know they know like because some. turn on the internet they know that look this is how you got to build muscle you know you can't take no magic pills unless you're doing like. I am actually really glad and I'm happy as well. people still believe that they can actually grow it by taking like pills that's the one I want to roll down because it's. recommended and this is what they suggested okay number one is pills what the hell and they're like crazy prices and people actually. oh my goodness yeah that's another one in Fitness little people will try and sell pills in order to burn fat call. you cannot take pills in order to grow it like the second. now is oils people believe that if you put oil on it you are going to increase the. like what the hell another one people are selling this a ridiculously high price and people actually. buying it and then the grinding of you is like oh my God this is absolute joke of course it is a joke you think that putting the oil. why is important to build muscle is important to lose fat yes I saw on YouTube Someone said that by eating water. that is an absolute joke and on that video it says by eating a particular that you are going to increase the size of my. we do hope because it's the actual truth unless you go down the road of doing like some crazy surgery or something I'm guessing that is the. make it look a little bit bigger I mean I. the information is not saying the lie and saying. you can like make it look a little bit bigger. they said as well and I just thought I tell you and again I'm absolutely cool with that information because I know people. Alice is giving them the right information so they are a couple of ways I really want to get this off my chest this particular person. no problem because this channel is for you guys. I'm here to share my knowledge well yeah it is kind of my knowledge if you make sure the kids video like make sure. talk to channel if you're on you make your check out all your clothes in my official clothing my rental rise above you're going to rise above any object in my life so make sure to check it out Link in the Bible. not a diet plan which is going to increase. stop okay so the diet to lose fat and build muscle is very important I don't really think that that. please stop it's going to make it anymore bigger so any other videos that you want to see I'll make it because hey. anything that you want to see leave a comment section below and I should. in the next video please no problem. 