hello everybody my name is Cindy and I will be speaking about Avril Lavigne's conspiracy theory so who is involved. this Theory well obviously it's Avril Lavigne and supposedly Avril Lavigne stopping her Melissa Vandella. so what is the skin and bones of this Theory well Avril Lavigne is dead and Melissa vandal. as we speak more facts about this Theory Avril Lavigne supposedly had strug. with being in the Limelight at a young age of 18 and she and her company decided to hire Melissa to distract the paparazzi. and attend wall publicized events for her as she laid no also the the. it's that she and Melissa became friends they were so close that ever invited her to the studio and taught her to sing. she felt a depression when the events of her appearances divorce and the death of her grandfather's. song in the same time frame in results Avril Lavigne supposed committed supposedly committed. Define during the release of her album let go in between the 2002 and 2003 time. the main Breadwinner at her record label Arista the company decided to hire Melissa full-time to live her life as Avril. to continue bring in more income or to avoid losing any income by the death of Avril Lavigne so. why do fans think this theory is true well her clothing choices have definitely. throughout the years she did a 180 degree turn as she usually preferred pants at the beginning of her career as you can see. the left side of the slide and soon later she decided to start wearing more feminine. dresses as you can see on the right side on red carpets. what's a fluffy Diva style outfits and despite it despise female singers and called them Divas living now just is. play she wants to announced and does not mind being called a diva now. said that there is differences in the placements of the birthmarks on the artist's bad day. fans know the birthmark of where Avril Lavigne's. stuff is they know for some reason we're her. what are and they can't seem to find them now and apparently she got more birthmarks these days. and they're just like oh my God she she's not the same person because it is and honestly the the. significant change that we can see here is her nose so maybe she got a nose job or maybe she's a whole different person or is. Photoshop probably and fans are also assuming that. send messages in Avril Lavigne song the most recent one is something from her most release. of her recent releases in the first verse of her song head above water. message we see her I am Melissa which is a pretty far stretch in my opinion but just saying you know. anyways so according to Mike Shermer Michael Shermer analysis. to determine whether or not this is like a valid conspiracy theory or whatever it states the conspiracy theory is complex. is it successful completion Demands a large number of elements so. if this Theory were true many things have to occur to make it possible one Avril Lavigne has to be. dead and the company and her family have to keep it a real good secret for example concealing her a burial maybe bury her under a. name and assume that is an extensive process with paperwork and other legal stuff that could make it happen Melissa has to learn. play Avril Lavigne Photoshop don't look at it she has to learn how to act like her sing like her. somehow concealing who she really is to the people that always see Avril Lavigne or maybe they are in on it too and hide in the fact that our. on another note Melissa would have to abandon her old life of whatever that was and continue on living. she would have to go through a whole mental process and maybe her Lyme disease is just a cover for her private therapy. this next analysis the conspiracy involves large numbers of people who would all need to keep silent about. secrets. do you have to conceal a secret her siblings everyone in the record label that had worked with Avril Lavigne pot. play the police if they had to come see Avril Lavigne and determine how she had died the burial people if the. Benny and her family actually held a proper burial for her and so forth so in. resume final thoughts here Avril Lavigne has. made a response towards this Theory she says it's just a dumb internet rumor and I'm flabbergasted that people. isn't that so weird it's so dumb and I look the exact same on the one hand everyone's like oh my God you look the same. on the other hand people are like oh my God she died well obviously the artist would say it's false but. through the evidence and everything I see where people are coming from but overall I think it's way too far-fetched to. true but that's just my two cents what are you guys think about it is she dead or. Alyssa is she actually alive maybe she's a reptile who knows me it's a whole nother conspiracy theory anyways that's. for now and yeah have a good day y'all or good night. 