unconventional thoughts on acting Fame and life. Dark Horse disclose the idea that no one gives an import from television a fair chance in movies sushant Singh rajput has made his place under. today is in conversation with me about success stardom and all things in between. welcome to the show thank you I've heard that you are extremely. assistant and you yourself have confessed a little while ago that you don't like to speak and you like to listen but this is not the show to listen so yeah I'm like. what is it that makes you so reluctant to speak I think it's the other way around it's it's just because I am so. I'm so shy and I always had I had this inability to speak and communicate is why I'm an actor. when do I grew up in a big family I had I have sorry I have four sisters and I was very pampered and protected as a child so when. switch to step out I didn't know how to deal with people so I could feel it you know there's a everybody is like judging me and scrutinizing me and so I. I didn't realize till the time I was actually performing for. in a stage show as a dancer and suddenly I was on stage and I could feel the light. play my face I could see all the strangest looking at me and the music started and it was something else I was actually. play communicating without without even saying a word and I could see people getting affected by it so that was quite magical that was like. this is something that I think I always wanted to do. I decided to look at this is something that I can or might do for the rest of my life and things happened you said that. the child is pampered he or she ends up being spoiled. academically very very sound and. throwing up in a family in such a big family money it was always a very important factor in our life so the only way through was to. something you know that can that can actually financially secure us so study. it's the only way out and that's how I got into I'm like for the first 20 1890 years of my life I was I. waiting for what way is Cheyenne completely into studies but things happened when I started performing for stomach and. can someone told me once that you know what you're not one of my finest dances but but I still keep you on the. slime because. communicate that was there for the first 1819 years of my life and so he was like you know what you should try theater because. you got something you need to explore it so I went to Barry John in Delhi I think if I'm not mistaken you're an engineer right yes I do yes. is it possible how does someone like that decide that he wants to join Shoppers dance Institute secondly after deciding that when he decides that. going to enter the entertainment business that was a TV how does that happen. was it answers for the first and the second question I'll tell you why honestly why I decided to actually go to summer so I got into the. there's so many guys it's a dangerous amount and they know girls so I felt cheated and a couple of my friends. University. so what we used to do was used to go in front of Miranda house lady sriram and. that was the first step. why don't you join a dancing Institute because I have heard. play lots of hot girls coming back okay it's not a bad idea so this was the reason why I went there I'll. wait quickly I realized that okay once I was on stage I was completely different human being. I wanted to be there and when I started acting this was I think the second year of my college what I did was. play I bought all the possible books at work you know kind of available on for filmmaking and acting I read all of them and. realize that somebody said that okay you can't you know actually make somebody an actor but you can train an actor. play what if I'm not an actor so I went to Barry John and I was there for 3 4 months when we we got a certificate and I got. also because you know I could hide behind all these interesting characters I could say things that I really want to say. but at the same time I can tell people that oh this is not me this is the character I was like okay this is something that I really. even if I don't get paid for it I still do it and that's how you decided that you were going to become an actor and I was I was actually. tell me what happens if people who want to become Bollywood Heroes like you did always have a little bit of a skepticism when it comes to accepting a television off. play the most important thing is whether you can convince yourself that you can do it or not we generally have a. idea of a potential and because of that we take certain actions because of that we get some result and that rein. believe that okay that was that was the same and that was the correct idea of a potential so I use this fundamental. success every time I was supposed to make a way important decision in my life even dropping out of my college was a big big decision I. yeah I was like okay even if I crack a tough examination like all India engineering and interesting exam I'm still supposed to. the last four years to be an engineer how can I be an actor like this so I need to invest time to actually know the intricacies of of acting so. I didn't give any auditions I was with doing theater and it was one of the. TV show is a prime time and this and then I was like yes I've never acted in front of a camera so it'll be a good experience. driving directions. if you did so well on television and then you got a film of a chi poetry was your first. actually the 7th of 7th of the earliest 6 you probably didn't know you said no tolls my question to you is that television. very big star and of course television also provides you with a great amount of Financial Security which was rather important in your early years so. how did you decide that you were going to give that security up to pick up a film which may or may not have done well. the reason for quitting television was entirely different it has to do with. the excitement that I was talking about so once I got to know that okay this is how you act in front of camera maybe and so. as an actor I felt very repetitive and I realize okay I have stopped growing and people told me again I'm. can you stay here for another year get yourself more money and then maybe you decide to quit but. let. go to UCLA maybe and and learn how to make a film so I dropped out because of that then. I started getting offers but and those were very good office you know like solo hero. songs and I'll let you so I was like okay but then I couldn't I couldn't say yes to him for some reason I don't know I still don't know why I. I was about to go to UCLA. he gave me the script and I just couldn't take my I I'm like mine out of the script and I was consistently thinking about that film I was like it. I really want to do and everything changed you got like so to speak of course it was a very appreciated film and it did very well. the real success in in the world Listen to We should Desi Romance lyrics. you're so Bollywood hero how did that happen like what was the story behind you getting into Desi romance and what made. who's that film I don't know I just met with jaydeep and Manish I remember that night when they told me about this conflict that. office have even if we are very sure about our relationships but just before you know we are about to get married we are like okay thinking it again. is this something that you actually want to do and it felt very real also because. I always and this is something that I'm sharing for the first time I was in my third and fourth grade I was told that okay. is what you have to become an engineer and I was watching ddlj. call Ilyas Raj films and I just was this random thought that what if if there is a time. YF appears and then it's like starting sushant Singh rajput so it was always there and suddenly. sitting in front of Heidi and it's been very seriously this is the film for the first 10 minutes. I couldn't ask for more. and I still remember I was still shooting for Kai po Che and I said yes and we shot back to back. so how do you deal with a non-performance of film like a boom Kesh bakshi when you put in. effort I feel bad definitely I feel bad but then you as an actor I can do so much because. I'm extremely proud of the decision of doing that film that was the best bomkesh I could possibly be. some extremely extremely proud having said that I really wish that it could have you know done. turn on the box office but then that's not in my hand and that's why I don't I don't think about that but obviously it's important because. phones that I really want to do if my films do well producers will give me those films I have those options so that is important but that is certainly not in my hand. I can choose the right forms for myself and I can also give it my best these are the two things that I can actually give. one of the most important aspects of being an actor specially in Bollywood. is the media and I think that's where a lot of people find a lot of discomfort in dealing with the media. what is a there is no way of being 100% honest and yet there is no way of being completely dishonest because eventually whatever happens. always comes out how do you deal with that how difficult was it for you to deal with especially because you're so interesting because you don't like to. because most of the times I will not. sing or I'll be completely honest about it so how many interviews does it take to actually tell everybody okay this is what I am this is what I think. play one of my dream is so yeah I don't give that many interviews but at the same time when I give it I I try and. extremely honest about everything that I say and in between when when you know journalists you know they write me off and. say things it's hot it's difficult but at the same time there's one code that I still remember and. it says that you know when you are doing what you really want this is the organic process. will first ignore you and then they will laugh at you and then they will fight with you and then you get what. so where are you right now in this process laughing at me like that. what is the way to go. and they are in a serious relationship. find that it's very hard it's very tough for anybody to peacefully coexist with me I'm like it's. play difficult and I know this and since last six and a half years Ankita has been very patient. loving and she's very excited to be with me so I don't want to take a chance I don't want to and she's beautiful and I. so I just want to be with you and yeah we fight a lot and then we love each other but then. that's how our relationship goes and mohabbat mein nahi Hai farakka. how does she feel about your career. let's work with you on television before a different ballgame altogether does the person relationship suffer while you're doing movies. play doesn't that's why it has survived for 6 and 1/2 years but I I don't know why I cannot give you a. an explanation of why she wants to be with me and that's why I'm very happily surprised and I don't want to take a chance of asking her. why do you want to be with me because I know that I know this that it's extremely difficult to be with me but maybe. is we are so much into each other and I have realized that you know if you want to break. search up everyday you can come up with the only one excuse if you want to survive a relationship you will find 100 excuses. cancel my relationship and I just cannot do without her this is one reason why you know I'm slightly. ocean alarm for vulnerable I want to be insecure I want to be with her so yeah and what are the areas of conflict if there are. play the relationship you understand why the other one is doing something so what is the explanation that you give up in your movie A. about a wedding. what's going to happen and just recently added a piece when you said that in 2016 that's going to be this weekend. in all my interviews they asked me this question but I don't know why they. I like this way recently because I've been telling this all this while and at the same time I am slightly scared because you know. play confidently I've been saying that again next year December is when I'm getting married I still have not asked another what if. I'll be like in a very difficult space so yeah but then yeah it's inevitable we have been together. set alarm for so many years and we know that okay this is the future that is very. lights 20% volume. so we have a special segment on the show where we give a chance for your fans to own something that you have owned before. play the shoot of yes and it reminds me every day that I should pursue. connect to Bluetooth. cancel. that was so dear to you so you're not the only one who's giving a gift you actually getting one as well this is a gift card from. thank you so much. do you have as much fun as possible all right I'm trying to actually kiss when I'm taking a selfie. so let's play this game you'll need three statements now out of which two will be true and one. be a lot about yourself okay and the audiences will guess which one is a lot to make music. we're going to move one I'm claustrophobic number two I sleep for 6 hours a day and number three. edible singer the LIE is I sleep for 6:30 because I. I have insomnia I can't sleep for more than 2 hours a day so yeah so let's have some. Anushka. wake me for a small room in a big film or a big role in a small room a big role in a small town. my mother although she's not here to actually but then to my. what do you deal with better failure or gossip failure I think we should we should reward excellent status. and we should punish medicals. play Sofia movies or even the way your career path is going but for the general audience you're still pitted against. does what your contemporaries who are choosing a slightly more conventional path towards selecting the films or doing the kind of movies that they. sometimes I'm very very affected by it. I have been trained in martial art. yes so all the fight sequences and you know actually killing all these villains in the film is actually slightly. easy for me than to actually emote these kind of intricate emotions and I have nothing. I have appealed more to me than these kind of films. maybe tomorrow I might do a film which is like full of songs and but it's just been 2 years so let's see what you told me earlier I think. like people probably judging you or not knowing what they are thinking. of course. I weigh honestly believe that everybody is very very psychologically insecure there's no way out I. what we know about the future is we going to die one day and we're going to lose. so there's nothing that we can do relationship wise or career-wise that will give us absolute. psychological security so this thing will always be there so they are like two sushant operating at the same time. play there is a pendulum swinging one who doesn't want to do anything who has realized that no matter what. to achieve nothing will change mentally because I'll give you an example as a kid I always wanted to buy you on these. play cars and I stayed with that idea of a good 10-15 years is that okay one day and I told you I'm like money. what's the important factor in a life one day I'm going to I'm going to buy this car or when I used to be a background dancer. I need to go to all these films for Awards in Wireless Studio I used to tell everybody that one day I'll come here as an actor so I thought. this is it I'm like this is when I will be happy and secure and way quickly everything happened. tell me about the day when I was buying that fancy car that I thought of I actually bought two cars on the same day and I couldn't I couldn't sleep. I was so excited I bought it I call my friends we went out for a good long drive I slept that night. on the next day I was okay with the idea of owning the car so I can see that I was like I stayed with you for. living your dream. but I've come to realize that nothing changes so this is one part of me that tells me that okay you got big goals. this is what you want but nothing will change and there's another part of me that tells me that okay this is the only way. live your life is to be actually first identify what you really want to do that is very very important. any identifying that okay or Performing Arts is something that I really want to do for the rest of my life was very important Having the courage to actually back it. I'm being really really extremely excited about it everything comes to your way so this other part wants to be. you know in what he wants to do so in the pendulum keeps swinging everyday and I have to make a choice everyday. thank you so much Sunshine for being on the show. change to candidate and the patient and also philosophical. reduce volume is because of you