when I was a kid the disaster we were about most was a nuclear war. that's why we had a barrel like this down on our basement filled with cans of food and water. is it supposed to go downstairs hunker down and eat out of that Barrel. Global catastrophe doesn't look like this. if anything kills over 10 million people in the next few decades it's most likely to be a. play infectious virus rather than a war. part of the reason for this is that we've invested a huge amount in nuclear deterrence but we've actually invested. little in a system to stop an epidemic. let's look at Ebola I'm sure all of you read about it in the newspaper lots of tough challenges I. carefully through the case analysis tools we use to track polio eradication. the problem wasn't that there was a system that didn't work well enough the problem was that we didn't have. a system at all. group of epidemiologist ready to go who would have gone seen with the disease was see how far did spread. case reports came in on paper I was very delayed before they were put online and they were extremely inaccurate. the medical team ready to go we didn't have a way of Preparing People now medicine safer Frontiers did a great job. orchestrating volunteers but even so we were far slower than we should have been getting the thousands of workers into these countries. and a large epidemic would require us to have hundreds of thousands of workers. there was no one there to look at treatment approaches no one to look at the Diagnostics no one to. now what tool should be used as an example we could have taken the blood of survivors process it and put that. plasma backing people to protect them but that was never tried. these things are really a global failure. play these things I talked about. neurologist ready to go they move in they save the day but that's just pure. the failure to prepare could allow the next epidemic to be dramatically more Dev. how about 10,000 people died and nearly all were in the three West African countries. three reasons why it didn't spread more the first is there was a lot of heroic work by the health workers they found the people. play prevented more infections the second is the nature of the virus Ebola does not spread through the air. play the time you're contagious most people are so sick that they're bedridden. it didn't get into many urban areas and that was just luck if it had gotten into a lot more urban areas that case numbers. you've been much larger so next time we might not be so lucky you can have a virus where people. will feel well enough while they're infectious that they get on a plane or they go to a market. play sound like a bullet or it could be bio terrorism and so there are things that would literally make things a thousand times worse. let's look at a model of a virus spread through the air like the Spanish Flu. play 1918. 30 million people die from that epidemic. but in fact we can build a really good response system we have the benefits of all the Science and Technology. that we talked about here we've got cell phones to get information from the public and get information out to them we have satellite maps. that should dramatically change the turnaround time to look at. pathogen. I need to be put into an overall Global health system and we need preparedness the best lessons I think on how to get. prepare it again what we do for war. can scale us up to large numbers a needle has a mobile unit that can deploy very rapidly NATO does a lot of War games to. are people well trained do they understand about Fuel and Logistics in the same radio frequency so they are absolutely ready to go. so those are the kinds of things we need to deal with an epidemic what are the key pieces first. is we need strong Health Systems in poor countries that's where a Mothers can give birth safely. get all their vaccines but also where we'll see the outbreak very early on. lots of people who've got the training and background who are ready to go with the expertise. little people with the military taking advantage of the military's ability to move fast to Logistics and secure areas. we need to do simulations. the last time a germ game was done in the United States was back in 2001 and it didn't go so well so far the score is. who's won people zero. what is in Diagnostics there are some big breakthroughs like the dino Associated virus that could work very very quickly. no I don't have an exact budget for what this would cost but I'm quite sure it's very modest compared to the. potential harm the World Bank estimates that if we have a worldwide flu epidemic Global wealth will go down by over. trillion dollars and we'd have millions and millions of deaths. benefits Beyond just being ready for the epidemic the Primary Health Care the R&D those things would reduce Global Health Equity and make. the world more just as well as more safe. no need to panic we don't have to forward cans of spaghetti or go down into the basement but we need to get going because time. not on our side. the conserve as a early warning a wake-up call to get ready. we can be ready for the next epidemic. 