thank you. same to you. you know it's been a Bittersweet in so many ways because on one side the entire world was going through something unprecedented. and I mean it all started with a lot of panic and body and you know what was going to happen and uncertainty but at. the blessing in this disguise was that on a professional front it's giving me an opportunity to put some of my. Ashford and the kind of love and appreciation that's come back to me for that work has really been gratifying. tumbling so like I said it's been a learning curve this whole 2020 has been a learning curve for everybody me incl. but I'm saying I need I am very thankful for suitcase Malang and you know about it and and the digital platform. that has been a key in this thing do you know to give us that those eyeballs all around the world and. give me the kind of appreciation that I've got so yeah it's been interesting. and it. conversations also started about. videos about star culture about star system 11 playing field that Ott was offering but was not offering and you. after everybody's been earning their own place during the kind of work they wish to do so you did also talk about that medication. what do you want to now tell me when you look back at it was in August. platforms. have things changed from then to now a little bit has the chain started to happen. where people were introspecting I mean debates and conversations like this have also been. in the past but everybody is busy doing whatever they're doing and they're often you know just being sidelined or not I mean you know they become. topical for like a day or two and then you move on to the next big thing this was this was a time where like I said it's it's in the. you don't like it was so much happening and somehow this kind of came up I. instinctively reacted because I just felt that if it felt unfair and I said what I said but like like I'm saying it's. OTP platform is going to be there it's been there it's given a platform to a lot of actors a lot of content a lot of. does to put forth work that we never knew we were a capable of or we had the opportunity of looking at the problem. always been when it comes to marketing something or or showcasing something at the front is when sometimes you. you know certain favoritism is kind of kind of kicking or certain projects based on stars and all of that like I said. there is a very practical side to it which is business-related which I could understand when it came to box office. is box office is a different mathematics at the end of the day if you have a friend that does well on a Friday. how tall is based on how good you are in the film how good the film is sometimes it just works because we've all had we all know of things. Blockbusters but we don't really enjoy them and we all know things that we've loved when we watch them and unfortunately they didn't make money but I'm saying now that's. the beast that's how the box office works but the web platform was a different space and it was important for me to say what I said at that point of time and everybody. this is new the film Industries existed way before I existed I became a part of it. so if I see something that I can raise my voice about and make sure they can be. I should do it otherwise then two decades 3 decades later somebody in my position will be like I wish somebody had you know taking care of this system. Aditya Roy Kapoor and others your performance stood out Kunal like how. people said that you know we've not been probably you know that golmaal thing was still in people's head that they were so. to see you in that Avatar I mean I myself was like this is. this is thoroughly enjoyed your performance I mean you were there as a performer. comfort zone it was just stepping out of the zone that I was now placed in for for a number of years and it's also I mean like I said it's. pictures of the beast because people enjoy comedies I mean comedy is like one of the most easiest things to watch right that you don't have to kind of pick up mood or. and I'm very happy that I mean I have a carved out Niche for myself that people call me at Dependable active when it comes to Comedy so I'm very lucky. so when I come. I was very excited to say that. where to go back to it and and and and and and and be able to surprise people and myself and I hope that you know they accept me in this. but I'm very happy that all of that paid off and I have to give credit to the writers and the director who you know who had. and he was so different and he was so complicated and he was so not who I am that I had to. play work with the writer in the director and understand the psyche and the mentality of this man and build him from scratch. and I really enjoyed that process because it was so easy to me and I think that's what made a challenging and more fun for me to do and I'm very happy that. put on a good reaction but again then after a few months when one case doubt it is a comedy but. franchise in the other comedies that you've done. add different and I think all of them individually are funny if done right and if you don't do it right then either of those zones whether it's a. situational or document or whatever it will not work I just feel that golmaal is one kind of a breed of Comedy that's. well and it has a big audience that loves it and that's why it's gone into so many sequels. it's one of the most popular franchises that this country has then on the other end of the spectrum is when we wanted to do something different with comedy like when. and that was a completely different breed of Comedy that we brought in with that similar case I feel what I. are the people who Envision it first. but it has to be there and I think it would look at both Rajesh Krishnan and Kapil 7. had that homework done they basically took a story that and that's why you know I used to always say when I was remembering the funky filming. it's not a new story it's a story that we've seen in 10 different ways but the way that the story is being told and the way the. it's completely new and it's so simple and honest and that's where it's funny and I feel that case was one of those. simplistically funny films where you know people want smoothing jokes or creating a scene for a highlight event to. it was just normal conversation of innocent people or not innocent people and the humor. play realistic and I think that's what was fun and again when actors like that when you see in the film Chicago. the smallest cameos in the film but all actors who added something to it and I think it's a victory in the film and you know the smallest. part of the film is remembered and you say oh I know what he did and I remember him from that one scene and that's why even like the rickshawala driver. gujaratis secretary do you remember them all and I mean I've seen the film but I'm saying as an audience even the effect that. episodic format Comm. it's not easy for an actor who's used to doing the same thing over and over again yeah I was that plants taken I mean what was the driver. honestly very honestly I wasn't sure when I was getting into it it was and that's what I've always followed my instinct it was an. call Richard and because I like you said this platform is new we've enjoyed this platform in the west we consume so much. it was just about kind of booming you know. so I mean at that point of time it was a completely. driven an incentive call because it was a character that I really wanted to play I really like the genre that it's set in. investigations crime and because it was based on true crime that you know piqued my interest and. you have to say that honestly on the very first day when I went to shoot I couldn't tell the difference between a movie shoot or a web shoot because the. the production where was the same technicians were the same can go is a movie from direct I mean not that that matters but. I could not differentiate what was different besides the fact that it was more enriching for me as an actor. I could live this character for longer than 90 minutes so I could invest more in it and I could work on it in a way that I could make the. Indians invest in this character also so it's been really fulfilling as an actor I really enjoy playing other I always look forward to going back. and wearing that color and you know he's kind of shirts that he was in the way his hair is done and he's always like this you know you could be her son. Stone straight face I really enjoy doing that so I come to the industry questions a little. my little brother tell me when you just mentioned about the office character and I closed the series so I know the intens. there was a little darkness and sadness about this character but there was little also now that you are a father. sometimes he approached to certain things and I like for example is one of those shows because I just become a father and it. the very first episode where the crime is against children and I realized that it. but even when I was shooting for it it made me really uncomfortable in certain places to just imagine because like I said. what it would have been like and it just it it meant so much more or it affected me so. only because you know you can try and find a similarity with the pain. you'll always have sympathy that we can always sympathize with somebody but when you're actually in that place where you have experienced that relationship. then it kind of affects you more like for example like even now that I have a son in that I think some. just because of being a father and knowing how it feels to be like a dad it just adds to your performance anyways because it's connected. kids can watch and then there is some stuff which is going to be irritated for multiple reasons it's not always because of the the. 50 sometimes the the blood the goal of the language so all of those things like I said I mean there will be stuff that she can't watch till she's. to the decisions have still been the same because I really never did something that I wasn't comfortable doing and that's how. censorship on web pick. so fast. Phoenix Arizona or two months later we have some web series getting into this trouble some p is being. so how do you examine this entire process. I haven't gotten around to watching it yet so I mean I can't specifically talk about thunder but I'm just saying in general one of the. the good things about being on a platform was that and also I know that there was a you know. believe that having freedom is one thing but then exploiting their freedom in the wrong way is completely. not cool at least I mean you can do that but I mean just because you have the freedom of speech does not mean that you can go and offend somebody right left and Center. the same time on the flip side of it sometimes you have to understand that most of these things are work of fiction you not reporting news or it's not documented. you didn't put that sometimes you know like when this whole thing against smoking and alcohol consumption on screen came up. this is not understand that how will you tell a story of somebody if it's a biopic if somebody actually did it and sometimes you know you want to even if. or if you're telling a story of a guy who died because of smoking how can you. do it if you cannot allow that I mean nobody is promoting anything and that's what I feel that if at 18 a man or a woman. is sensible enough to choose the government that will run the country he or she is sensible enough to know what is good or bad for him it's like. play some actor because of the way he looks or he acts doesn't mean I'm going to emulate him 24/7 I mean gone are those days I can understand. this happened three decades earlier but I think we were still more liberal in so many ways but now everybody has. what is real and what is not so you know they can decide for themselves what is right and wrong as far as censorship is concerned I feel certain things of course I mean. when it comes to nudity or all of that that has to be a Sentimental thing I mean but at the end of the day it's also not a free medium right. you're actually paying for that service per month and you're getting that service so you can also choose. watch it and if it is actually you think that it is riling up the youth in a political way then I can understand but. you just say that I just pick you up at school delete I don't think you're setting the right example because then you can hurt. Tubidy in any way and you will you have to be really careful and then you only I don't know what kind of stuff that you're allowed to make and I'm not saying. supposedly I'm talking for every independent artist that's just trying to put something out there but also at the same time. fun city lies on the other end of the spectrum like I said for me as an artist as an actor or a writer or a director or producer to put. you should not put it out there go let me put it out there and I'll benefit from this and my family will do well. because I have the freedom of speech I'm going to push my own agendas and whatever I think is wrong with that and other. I want to go there but I can't tell that key to add me again so it's just like that. sometimes it's not on the face value of a web series on a film that our audience will decide whether I want to watch it or not suppose if I do. 90 minute film on 9 episode series one realizes that there was one objectionable scene which was hurting. play religious sentiments or was you know a politically agent not even seen and then the thing happens so do you think somewhere. this is a platform where there is no cbse setting who's going to screen our project is that happening a lot. I mean I can't speak for everybody because I'm not watching and you know also. what what is happening by India and every other platform but I feel that sometimes that is what. it's always interesting anything that leads up to a debate of you and me talking because also a lot of times I have to say that. about history about so many things that you want aware of or problems that happened. we were like there was some stuff that we knew from a syllabuses but for me there was. education that came from that biopic at the same time I'm saying writers and journalists have always been known to write about stuff. play Believe it or are they think about or and that's kind of spark to debate as long as it's in a healthy way what. sometimes if anything that involves violence is the problem and it is a boiling problem right now I feel. and that's not okay either way so if if you are willingly going to. I'm going to do that then I think it's a it's a call that you have to take it a personal level I am not talking. what is ethically right around here I'm just talking about censorship and how it can be bad or good. I just feel the web platform give us a lot of you know specifically when it came to profanities it's not that. but at the same time if if you're not allowed to in in the. to do that and you know this censorship is even more stronger like when you watch for example of mirzapur now you know if it's done really well or even. so that's what I'm saying. that freedom cannot go away I mean you give the disclaimer this is suitable for about 18 this. contains language nudity you know profanity or whatever educated person decide if you. I like even when I'm talking to you and answering this question somewhere in the back of my head I'm thinking and choosing my words wisely. because I don't want to say something that offends somebody here in that place right now so moving on from. call Webster City censorship debate what model is happening have you stepped out shop for projects during the pandemic I mean have. because in July we started shooting it again. give me the deadlines that was said and we wanted to live up to it so that happened then we finish that in cept. after that I've been prepping for some stuff I've started something which I am not at Liberty to talk about contractually because there is. process and play for that but no I have some interesting and exciting work lined up this year some of it is already. what kind of work that you can talk about for 2021 that you're allowed to talk about well I can say that I can talk. what is I know that season 3 will happen at some point later this year that's that's going to happen there is another something. digital platform that I'm doing there should be another film I mean some of these are like I believe in industry. I'll be happy to talk about them but there is stuff that is. I have no idea that I can say with confidence because I have no idea it's come to a place where. you don't know what's happening with it as much as all of us have had multiple stages at different times being excited about the prospect of. and the ideas floating the final word lies with the producers and we haven't officially heard anything. I have no idea. could I have I mean right from being a child actor to now doing things as an adult you're not taking any break in between like there was. it has been like a consistent graph so how many I did actually brief. 93 is when America released but I already started working for that so I think I started working in. 2021 lb 31 or 30 years but no I did for 6 years. play a lot of theater in that time so yeah I've never been away from acting or performing because I just tried on. but in the industry to that break for 6 years and then I came back in 2005 with call you and I love the industry for whatever. it's taken away a lot from you emotionally and mentally and sometimes you just hit the business. and sometimes you just love the business but I think the love is always been with like I said with acting with performing and the joy it brings to you when you. see yourself and when you see others watching you and you know get moved by something that you do in a character or a film. and I think that's what at least I and I would imagine every other actor tribes on the money the same all of that. but I think the driving force at the end of the day is this. tell me something about as a child actor in one saw you in her Rahi Pyar ke or azak and now when you do films. back then was it disappear or dealing with you know box office failures or movies not working on my block. but I. what is National social media platforms that now promotions is. what is Tiki 37564. don't touch the temperature to Super 8 Monday Friday Saturday. what is an honestly but for me. Nepali music launch YouTube. and then you know you're doing a promotions and interviews and it was it was all different than and special. but it's a different. and you took your. when will you have to make her Instagram that you when you don't let the world see how she how pretty she looks now is other times. are you as a parent as a celebrity parent wish that my daughter also you know gets to live in peace and does not get marked by. because we've been seeing this culture like when recently without a statement that they requested back to not click the daughter at all. do you think those things are also necessary at times and how much can you look no honestly it's great I mean. I think every parent has to decide what is right or wrong for their children and everybody's right you can't say I don't know what is right or wrong myself. I'm seeing at least with them you know it's existed for long enough for us to know because I think when it came to kids I think. was that first kid that kind of drove this kind of an attention from the paparazzi and then 9 months later and I was born and it just. experimental people. why is this happening Google I'm saying something and I remember the first time I noticed it was when I came out of a restaurant. and there's this guy was licking my picture and I didn't understand what was happening I was like yeah. because for us initially it was just requesting them there and then we were there in that position so. of course every parent for and and I think specifically for a newborn for an infant to have cameras and flashes is. I mean later on maybe yes but that also depends because I honestly don't know how the kids see it I mean we know what this is and this is a part of. they are just right now taking everything as what it is so I don't know for an eye out there. this means like they must think that every kid must go through it am I different am I not so yes I mean I don't. encouraged by saying that oh let's go there because you know people when it comes to but at the same time I didn't want to do that at that point of time because. I don't know who to write to and how to draw these boundaries was not to scare my child and that's why at some point. she was 6 months we never left the house and in the first time she actually went out was when she was about 9 or 10 months. but I didn't want to like scare her I didn't want I don't know the kind of effect it would have on a kid like oh flashes are happening and. so like I said I really don't know what is yes or what is right or. but I know that when I am uncomfortable I make myself hard and at the only time that I have had a problem was when. without your knowledge when zoom lenses are used and unknowingly from far away somebody clicks a picture that I am strictly against and. I have a voice that but I also in some of the you know sometimes when you tell them to buy brother don't do this. is that cordial civil way of going about this on both sides and until either of us crosses the line I think we are okay and like like. for the people who don't want to. a lot of free time to spend with her and you know. clean the capitals happy and positive through this time because and also because these are such important years you know she just started walking. and then she started talking and understand and recognized and recollect and these are those fun years and I have to say that. those days is 24/7 for both of us to be at home in front of her work amazingly well for her as well as us. so yeah I mean in that department like I said you know there have been some blessings in these days and not just. and I think friends have connected families are connected spent a lot more time with each other if you understood that you know. debits for granted so many times is very difficult and anything can happen anytime and even the small freedom of you know when the lockdown happened to go to. name of Google restaurant or go and meet somebody that means so much I really hope that we learn from all of that and we don't forget. is so soon and we move towards a slightly better future. I know it's too early to even ask you know if you want your daughter to turn into an actor tomorrow but you know with what. I have seen in the recent past about all these inside and outside of thing you were a child actor you were pretty much an Insider throughout the you know. play this industry you've lived you've grown here. I would have accepted me with open arms and I am and inside of how does that equation set in your case. nepotism inside or outside or what do they. Outsiders game and made this industry you will be made to feel now and I've said this before you're an Insider as long as you're doing well the moment. doing well you can very quickly become an outsider and that's one of those battles that you constantly go through and the biggest. now when it comes to the second or third generation which is now sometimes it's unfortunate for them also because they sometimes. listen to the line of fire for North Port of their own for having dreams and aspirations there is a difference between favoritism I honestly believe that. you are somebody's family member they will do the best for you but at some point you and that person also has to understand. you should get that but if you're not going to deliver at that. and like I said the whole ecosystem is to be blamed for. Rogers the parent of the family because of ecosystem is made of you me presenters you know I mean the Publications that. big stars also are responsible what magazine cover you end up on is decided by the editor of the magazine the sponsors of the. and I you know without sounding controversial in any way I don't I don't remember the last time. performance just for that it was always depend. the producer of the size of the film of the budget that went into that film and the kind of money that's going to be put behind the stuff and fair enough I'm. in a practical world this is how the business work that's the nature of the Beast you can complain about it or you can or you can get with the plan. fighting so you have to keep doing your job and you know you just work on yourself because I honestly feel I don't think. one person can change the system but what that one person can change is himself so you go to work on yourself. find me yourself a better version of you every single day and just keep doing your work with your good dad and I do believe that if you're good at something that you do you can never. you may not get what you or somebody else around you or people who love you think that you deserve but you can never be. and these things will keep happening I don't think they just only exist in our industry industry is there in the public. home and in the views of everybody and we also choose to put ourselves out there in the way of social medias so that's why we are more visible. and sometimes that helps us by becoming a part of discussions easily but sometimes it also makes some people a software Target. but like I said discussion debates are important that's what makes us human beings and makes us get better but. what's wrong okay for them to ever take a violent on an ugly turn because like I said life is too precious to kind of be lost. you've seen it so closely being a child actor now being a father to which you know Indian industry and. chatting with you and I hope that 20/21 thank you we got to. play more on screen and next time when we talk you can talk more about your fingers crossed of course. thank you Monica thank you thank you thank you so much