play some a video and today's video is actually really different from what I'm used to doing I'm doing a conspiracy theory video but I. when does conspiracy theory on the internet and I thought it was really interesting so I'm not saying it's true I'm not. Prince don't come for me this is just. play I don't make it up I'm just the messenger so in 2001 I will send out record deal that was worth more than a million dollars. in 2002 Chevrolet first album let go never saw a second best seller of the whole year she was only 18 so. obviously she wants to start I'm so quickly the pressure got to her she could have handled it and she hired a double. you're fake Melissa to walk around and you know just like the paparazzi and pretend to be here so after Melissa was tired she and. 18 best friends and of course I probably if I could hire someone that look like me and they can walk around do other things I don't want to do. there's no. play Avril Thomas how to sing and then moving into a 2003 her grandfather died and it took her. supporter so allegedly in 2003 I will committed suicide. I completed the second album now I. this is a stretch but there are a few evidences that make this kind of believable so apparently there's pictures of apple from. also if you put a side-to-side of Melissa. Melissa knows its way thinner and the pictures from now her nose is smaller and thinner. call so does the interview where the interviewer asked Arrow or Melissa or whatever it is a clone whoever it is. how about the situation I can't like are you and Melissa or something like that and like she was like she was like no reading on. I didn't hear about it I just hear about it from I'm hearing better from YouTube. eating at a cockroach and then there's another clip over like. creeps out. tomorrow I'm going to hit it I don't fuck with rats also she's not really pink very Hello Kitty baby. it's. is different okay I know I don't like the same all the time but like me whenever I rushed me when I take my time. you can still see like it's the same you can pick out that all the a the B looks the same this looks the same they. totally different handwritings. you make up your own conclusion do I think everyone said probably not this video is just fine not to be. play seriously like I said you punk boys punk princess ice skater boys get a girl do not come for me please I'll see you guys. next video and let me know what you want me to do next I'm assuming that happen is that cardi B is gambling with offset right. 