hi everyone this is a channel to learn and treat with herbal medicine please register for channels to regularly update the latest. body when buying bananas everyone has the habit of picking beautiful shiny yellow bananas and. ignored however people do not know that these. treasure black spotted bananas have anti-cancer properties and enhance. a famous Japanese doctor and nutritionist explained many benefits of. he pointed out that the new black spotted ripe banana. the antioxidant effect is significantly enhanced enzymes are increased in. take your University show that ripe bananas turn into. ingredients such as can lead to tumor necrosis tnf reaching the highest level to. serotonin in bananas also increased this substance called happy hormone helps. reduce stress anger and promote bowel movements Takashi experts. I said that eating bananas is best with 40 to 60 black spots. going to natural and healthy black spots on the other hand if the banana peel changes color due to crushing. hot spots covering an area greater than 60 the bananas are broken and need to be discarded. benefits of the popular banana fruit for health bananas are a popular popular and very cheap fruit but it offers. health benefits for humans. helps regulate blood pressure to bananas are high in fiber that can promote bowel movements. digestion prevent constipation. system health for bananas contain sugar and lots of vitamins and minerals easily absorbed into the body. suitable for consuming bananas before and after exercising to replenish energy. tryptophan help regulate mood and reduce fatigue 6 the highest mineral content in. is manganese which helps maintain brain function strengthens bones and improves skin health. bananas contain relatively high levels of sugar and potassium diabetics and kidneys should avoid eat. preferably on the advice of a dietitian make a snack with black spotted bananas delicious and nut. flavor many banana desserts are made from ripe bananas that turn into dark spots because at this time. bananas is sweet enough to combine with other ingredients to help flavor the dish more fragrant. recipe for banana bread not only fragrant by the taste of bar Nana's but. ingredients for chicken eggs three ripe bananas mashed one. 1/4 cup of coconut milk 1 tablespoon of vanilla 2 teaspoons of baking soda. what's 1/4 cup of almond flour 1/2 cup of sea salt 1/2 teaspoon of cinnamon powder. preheat the oven to 350° F about 177 °. mix bananas eggs honey coconut milk and vanilla in a bowl take another. almond powder sea salt and cinnamon combined two bowls of ingredients. well until a thick paste. 35 to 50 minutes hi. 