this episode sponsored by Wickes from oneplus. 1 + 70 it's the tiktok strategy the 77 Pro. now we're into the t-zone never settle in the center. place about this will really. what if you. surprise me you've achieved something and they've done so in this case it looks like a stage it's a steak. I have to say it's a new Look. what fluid AMOLED. display it makes the experience feel snappier also in AMOLED 20 by 9 aspect ratio HDR. eating mode baked in exceeding 1000 nits right now talk about it we. play the leeks expected it 1726 51 mm Matt frosted glass night mode they got a. Moleskine style notebook or taking notes inside of. never settle. I'll tell you that you're on public transport you're sketching the world is going by looking outside the window hopes and. yeah yeah. we got some earbuds as well 1 + bullets wireless 2 sort of a budget minded wireless ear. olive green colour interesting the greens the greens are coming into the Tech realm. what year was hiding these two little slits in the plastic wrap and then you just scratched down. never settle invitation letter stickers is attention in here it's back into the. who's on but lighter the very different looking circular camera cut-out that houses the three. they're not trying to go with the motorised pop up instead maintaining the Teardrop though they. I believe it's shrunk by around 30% from the previous Teardrop type c connector on the bottom along with. SIM tray 3800 mil amp hour battery 70% in just half an hour 18% faster than warp charge 30 the. Android 10 out of the box a clear case to get you started in the. seeing you have the red and white USB cable and this is the power brick responsible for this very fast. charging they've always been some of the fastest charging available as far as devices on the market I'm currently with. open pro constantly using warp charge so this one is 18% faster than that then that significant it's. okay okay so the device is booted up and this gives you a much better glance here at the. Notch the water droplet what are they calling it well something to do with that call it what you like but that's the. 7 pro over here that gives you an idea of the difference screen to body ratio price wise. important note this guy on the left started at 669 in the case of 70 is starting a 599 so. it's worth mentioning it's worth considering I have interesting the difference in colour because it's similar but different but the biggest. of course happens in the camera layout that is the pro Max iPhone 11 pro Max you can just see camera cut-outs are getting huge. when did big camera cut out error the 90 Hz thing is probably the most distinguishing character. of these oneplus devices at the moment it doesn't really show up on camera I promise you it is something that you can notice there's also. macro mode included capable of focusing at 2 1/2 cm so let's give that a shot. all kinds of detail I mean there's old glue on the blade once you get to Makro territory you start to have a little bit. define in the photography zone ok so here we are at the 2x zoom here we are at. 1X here we are at the 0.6 ultra wide which is actually picking up a bit of my hand portrait mode. the depth effect and then there's also a night. night mode is the hardest thing capturing keep steady. in today there is your portrait mode you can see the effect the Blur effect here is. you're wide with our model here is your standard focal Range and here is your zoom n. portrait mode and then back to our cool macro shot camera versatility is a must. play some some proper competition for Apple alright so I also mentioned that one of the benefits of having the front facing camera in this water. notch is for Face Unlock keep in mind the face Unlock that's available to you on the oneplus is just strictly optical it's just a camera looking. play so that means it's going to happen a bit quicker but it's going to be less secure than some of the more advanced systems that are out there yeah okay so. nothing and then I go there and it goes what can I say it's just it's just. wild experience you also have the option here for fingerprint like that. there you have it it is the oneplus 70 the latest oneplus device with an all-new. camera setup on the rear ultra wide wide telephoto macro portrait mode and so forth. 3800 mil amp hour battery even faster warp charging you have the AMOLED you have to 90 Hz it's starting. this episode sponsored by Wix which is a free platform that allows you to build highly customisable. what's a professional websites whether you want to create a personal portfolio a business website or blog you can use the advanced drag and drop tools. create a website quickly and efficiently Wix offers hundreds of templates unlimited pages and topgrade hosting for free check out the link down. unbox to start your own website