all right so you guys know I love the alien stories I love conspiracy stories I love SCI. movies at the right guys brought me Jeremy Corbell from extraordinary beliefs calm and they said this is. guy that you have to talk to about all this stuff cuz I'm babbling on about this stuff constantly and they said he's going to come in and. clean up some of the stuff so let's start by talking about aliens as I said my favorite top hits. can in a forest and all these things what for you would count as real evidence could someone hand you something that was. and would that be enough is there anything that would be enough to be to qualify as real evidence you know it's the first question that. cast a number of people when I started this journey is you know can you put something in my hand I very quickly decided to turn the camera. away from the sky and towards the individuals who have experienced things because you learn a lot more so the evidence. for me is is best described as the most compelling evidence is the testimony from individuals who are involved that. bubbles from governmental levels to personal experience levels who have nothing to gain and everything to lose by telling me an extraordinary. that is some of the best evidence rather than if I personally have an experienced and I see something earth-shattering which I think they're going to. I've seen some extraordinary things that I can't. but I don't definitively know as you said the word. this may be a natural phenomenon and what we're experiencing. are kind of repercussions of that we don't exactly know right that's sort of like when they say an unidentified flying. so the military calls him uaps unidentified aerial phenomena. cast to separate even more from the reality that there are discs there are hard physical crafts that are traveling. our airspace with impunity and this is something that's been going on since the beginning of recorded human history but the military got really interested. yes obviously in the early forties so that is true and that is a fact we have radar reports aerator ground radar are. will ground visual we have trained observers people who have interacted with these disks I even you know interviewed a number of people who. you're involved in back engineering programs but the point is is that the top of it is that what this is all about right is it about. add discs in the sky I think it's about a lot more than that so all right so back to the original question then if so you're saying. set the biggest evidence for you would be someone that really told you that they experienced it and they have a lot to lose and nothing to gain but. play someone that believes in science that's sort of a hard way to quantify this right now the best evidence would be to experience something personally but I do not have the ability to. so can you give me an example of like someone that you talk to that told you of an experience that was so profound that you thought all right. remember there's there's people of of high credibility but did they have the access and so that's. someone in a position who would be able to know these things that's very different so we held my friends and I held a long. 2013 the citizen hearing on disclosure and this was where we had a panel of 40 when of Canada. astronauts so that was my friend Ruben langdon's and my company that was our event and we had people. verify over a week at the national Press Club about their involvement in the cover-up or their direct experiences with these unknown. to sit for a week and to listen to the testimony of again intelligence official. John Callahan hearing these people talk about their experiences is comp. we seem to be in a place where. stop being visited by other intelligence is now where they're from another planet another dimension I have no idea I. smaller understanding than I think is really the truth I truly believe that the phenomenon is bigger than that I don't think. I think these are just craft or scouts or probes with occupants or not coming from other solar systems it doesn't make sense. there's a much bigger picture when you really look into it all right well we're going to do a bunch more with Jeremy but as I think this was a good jumping off point. what do you think are you a Believer what would it take to get you to believe you have to see it with your own eyes or would someone else's evidence work for you let us. 