I have no interest in. is collaborator very you know a business partner he's also co-producer on the film so Innocence by. play MS is a co-producer on his own life story does that in any way imply. play Clear lights on the way First Avenue when he was asked to whether he wants to drag the film or not so he was like let me talk to him let. dramatizing any situation or write from his birth to. everything that has happened which is important is there in the. play any negatives any any cracks in the character because he's he's on a pedestal we worship him anyway right so. can we see the fragility of the man or or the things that aren't great well it's subjective what. trying to do in the film is that every important event that has happened is there and. try to understand his psychology and stay true with the emotions it's on you to decide whether I was right. but also so it's what's there and we are not saying this is how you should think at this point of time you just have. take your own decision with this film you of course done a deep dive in into the. is about the prep that you put in and and you know at one level that's giving that's your job right we shouldn't. there's also sort of a gentle mocking of this kind of intensity and seriousness you know last year I was talking to one of your. call Daniel del Lewis on it how do you deal with that I mean do you think about these things at all. I used to get affected I won't lie but now it doesn't affect me that much I don't know how I forgotten immun. but I realised that if they look at me and they smile they feel happy and I get to know about it. we try to make. I remember. tour of the fourth day when we were shooting and I asked him a very privileged question it was like we were shooting a montage. the camera was there near the ceiling and I was down and then there was a one shot the 5th of the 6th Day. in the film where he told he asked me that ok somehow show me that this time you thinking about. sounds like but the camera is up. you are the actor and this is going to be slightly problematic but let me say it my the. because. am I on to something or am I. you are live and you have to perform. evident everywhere if mediocrity doesn't thrive then it's fine to a point. but if mediocrity tries in the same industry in which nepotism is there and then we have to think because the it's. are you talking about the whole industry collapsing in very major future because people know about all the films that are releasing. and they go and watch it and that is the reason why they are doing very well in India too we have earned. reputation for ourselves but we are trying to change it but if we don't change it then I don't think that there is any room. for us to take our relevance for granted and specially when you know a jungle book is doing 100 crores. fresh or at least personal. can we keep on making a remix of the same film and then sequels of the same film I don't know what's happening but yeah it's. the truth is that none of the younger generation you your contemporaries actually want to work together he said that they are all. I was not forced to do PK in any way I had already signed Guy. but I just wanted to have an experience working with Mr rajkumar and that's why I did it I knew that. I like the script and I play the third character I still do it it's about. my experiences and my explor. my failures my stumbling upon something very very unique fresh and I don't know how to deal with it and I somehow. then that. audience and responsibility comes in other words I just think about myself. yeah. be quiet introverted child obviously there is nothing wrong with that but if you want to say something if you want to express at least and you can't do it it's. performing for the first time on stage I could feel that I can do it. are listening they are getting affected by it and I could feel it magic and that is the why of doing it. but they won't drive so are you in life. play straight to say something either that I could sense a loss of meaning in. I'm repeating somebody. I borrowed opinions from somebody and I'm just making it my own just to come across as somebody who knows this shit but yeah I could see. what about. it is possible if you have time for it and and if there are no expectations. because that's how you start and you you fall in love because you want to give I want to create good moments and so you're. tell me about how to make the other person happy I am in obviously time is is that investment in a relationship it's like. call Melina relationship that's what I was saying that we we pray for that psychological security knowing the fact that. there's a conflict of fat is the change and and and and the be careful security so that's. anyway. you need to be there in order to do that so that time is that the time is the time and obviously. in your head you have to be. before I held up pen to write character sketch of him or. I was just looking at him for like hours and hours without even analysing him just looking at. when I was in school. 4 to 5:30 p.m. was my playing time I was good and studies what my entire day revolve around that. and it was amazing that so early I could see that how time also is so. 5:30. people want somebody to listen that's an art that is just not surviving. and yes this is the only thing that I know. I spent some time. shekhar Kapoor while preparing for ponies and I could see that just a slight shift of looking at things from a different place make. Newman different sense so you tend to know that there are so many ways. just because you know that you know that you don't know anything tell me. how. I'm not famous people won't hire me for the job I want to do so in that way is I want that but it's. so many months actually preparing. first year was. free films and then there was a lot there was nothing and then I do blanket I worked very hard for it and then it doesn't do well. you know that playing between 4 to 5:30 won't get you anywhere it will not make you understand. I read. something out of it but just to have a different take on. I try to pretend at times that ok this is also something that I am very very good at but yeah but ultimately we can. then people. if you like this video please hit the button below and subscribe to film companion