people getting taken. cargo to test 5G in doing all these crazy speed tests but then I start to notice they all sort of have a. 5G phone and then I drove to the nearest. 1600 dollar Samsung Galaxy S10. I drove from the studio to the nearest 5G city which is Providence Rhode Island so for those. you're a brief explainer what is 5G what we all have 4G now 5G is the fifth generation of. network technology and solid the carriers are working on building out their 5G networks right now Verizon AT&T sprint. turn on 5G the main theme of 5G is again speed every new generation of the wireless networks are significantly. and more capable than the previous some of you may remember the old and very slow 2G and 3G and how much better. is the nose 5G represents another step forward so to take advantage of 5G you need a 5G device with 5G radios. find a 5G network so for me that's the Galaxy S10 5G and it's Verizon who's building up their 5G network in. cities one location at a time so you can't just get a software update to a 4G phone to. enable 5G that's right talking to you AT&T changing people's status bars to say 5ge when it's really just for. it's stupid it's basically a lie you're kind of trying to trick people into thinking they got 5G 5ge is not 5G. it's still 4G it's really shame anyway 5G is built on what's called. millimeter waves it's a new section of very high frequency spectrum upwards of 20 GHz all the way to near. 6 gigahertz but the catch is the higher the frequency of any wave the lesser the Range like that's just. who's on paper so for the same reason 5 GHz Wi-Fi doesn't travel as far as 2.4 gigahertz Wi-Fi same reason. microwaves don't cook things on the other side of the glass wall that's the same reason 5G doesn't travel as well. real world so millimeter waves biggest problem is that even if you're standing pretty close to the Node like a couple hundred feet away it only. play travels well within Direct Line of Sight so things like trees and Walls and buildings block and disrupt the. I've heard even that rain in the air could potentially be a problem so this is why I wanted. what's this for myself so we drove to Providence Rhode Island which is on the growing list of Horizons 5G cities it's not the. hot bed it's only certain areas sort of tucked away happens to be near Brown University where we found one of them. and we found it by finding one of these this is a 5G Note or three nodes to be specific at the top of a light pole you. to it with a 5G phone in your hand and run a speed test the results. I just absolutely ridiculous the 4G and the notification bar switches to indicate 5G and you open up your app of. and run a speed test and I'm seeing easy 700 8900 often well above 1000. 1.9 gigabits per second briefly from. dream like. it's very very nice of course you want to see what this type of speed is actually good for other than a speed test so YouTube videos just played inst. no problem what browsing of course will be super fast hopping into the. start to download a gigantic game like pubg mobile progress moves pretty fast not like a blink of an eye and it's done but still miles. then it would be on LTE the fortnite downloader progressed faster than the fortnite installer would have meaning. it's crazy impressive and downloading an entire Stranger Things episode from Netflix in HD on the phone took about. 4 seconds so you can grab a whole season and probably like 30 seconds if you wanted to which is again absolutely ideal but again. who's the thing this is all while standing like right next to the Tower with a direct Line of Sight you know perfectly ideal conditions. weather once I left that it kind of broke down pretty quickly so right around the corner of this brick building just to get into the shade so. literally maybe 75 feet away from the Node but behind a wall I'm getting much slower 5G it's still 5G. but you can see the numbers here now I mean it's kind of crazy to call 200 400 down slow but compared to what I was. just by walking. halfway down the block I'd start Bouncing Back and Forth between 4G and 5G and like it was frustratingly inconsistent. do you know what I did have a line of sight with maybe a tree or two sort of nearby my phone would drop 5G and then jump back. 5G and then back to 4G and then when I was on 5G and I ran the speed test. I would get 4G speeds and it's really good for. now so what's the solution for this well as we understand it basically just putting a lot of nodes all over the place. so essentially to maximise coverage and improve technologies so that when you move behind one obstacle or instead of drive through a city you act. please switch between nodes that you're connected to kind of like we do now with 4G Towers but just much faster and I think that's the part that. scarce people it seems seems like a brute force way to actually go about fixing the problem but that's the current plan is just blank. areas with these lower powered cells that let you switch between them very very quickly instead of one giant 4G Tower. like you have now my gut feeling is that an infrastructure where you cover an entire city and eventually an entire country. these little nodes is going to be incredibly expensive and probably take a very long time like years so. even with me standing right next to a 5G note and holding a brand new 201. give me 5G phone there were still some drawbacks to notice the main three are heat battery and upload so for. the upload appears to still be happening at 4G speed even when I'm connected to 5G I never broke 100 megabits per second up in all. seeing which is still a great speed but my dream of uploading in 8k YouTube video and like 5 seconds or going live. streaming high resolution VR or something like that are not possible at all yet you've probably also noticed the ping is still at 4G level. but that isn't happening yet in these tests either and then heat and battery are something that this phone SE. specifically suffer from when I was testing I started my day when we got to Providence with 75% battery did all my testing and that. can you talk about for 5 hours and when we finished I was at 21% battery and the phone was warm to the touch the whole time this is why. 5G versions of phones coming out almost always have a larger battery than their normal 4G Brothers including the Galaxy S10 5G. can a phone getting warm during the testing 2 when I wasn't even gaming or doing anything graphically intensive just watching some YouTube videos and download. 5G is like folding phones right now in 201. clearly not ready yet but when you use it and you get just the right use case and you're at just the right space. do you get this amazing little glimpse into the future that you wish was ready for right now cuz it's so great but it's not and currently the. sort of outweigh the pros and I wouldn't spend extra money on it right now in 2019 the future of 5G is really bright. assuming you know the infrastructure happens and it isn't too obtrusive and that's a big assumption but then we're talking virtual reality. sing and networks of autonomous cars that are all internet connected and talking to each other and maybe even think about. remote surgery with a 5G connected robot in one country with a doctor over here and a patient and another country and everything just working. honestly like all this super high bandwidth low latency stuff maybe the end of video buffering all together all. when it is. big thanks to nordvpn for sponsoring this video so what is a VPN a virtual Prive. remote server while changing the original IP address so essentially it protect. data from anyone trying to Snoop on it privacy is one of the biggest concerns online and with how much I travel especially lately and how much I. public Wi-Fi and hotel Wi-Fi a VPN feels like a no-brainer so nordvpn for sponsoring is offering 75% off. plus one additional month free for using the code. thanks for watching catch you later