crazy obsession of Bollywood actresses. jhanvi Kapoor jhanvi Kapoor has a weird obsession she is obsessed with her pink. her fans made an Instagram account for. pink bottle Sara Ali Khan Sara Ali Khan is obsessed with the colour. Sarah loves the colour pink too much and it can be seen through her Instagram pictures Sarah is also obsessed with nail. frequently changes her nail colours Alia bhatt raazi act. deep. the leading lady of Bollywood has OCD and cannot tolerate mess around her. she's crazy about keeping her surroundings clean and organised that is the reason Deepika cleans and organises her room. yourself Kareena Kapoor bebo is obsessed with her. play some figure she's crazy about maintaining fit body she's also crazy about bags from luxury brands and hold. which collection of expensive bags Priyanka Chopra. global icon PC is obsessed with shoes from expensive luxury brands according to reports Priyanka owns almost. how many pairs of shoes this actress thinks that wearing the right footwear makes her look perfect. Sunny Leone does bubbly actress is obsessed with her feet she washes her feet. every 20 minutes everyone on the set of jism 2 was surprised when they saw sunny cleaning her feet every. and then disha patani this actress is obsessed about. one thing I know that's not tiger shroff is obsessed with her captions at her Instagram handle. basically disha is obsessed with one pink flower emoji which he uses as a caption for most of her pictures. sonam Kapoor the fashionista Bollywood is obsessed with design. so much so that her wardrobe is filled with designer clothes about design. the actress has huge collection of expensive bags from Brands like almost Fendi and many more. gonoodle Bollywood is addicted to tattoos and has already in herself. with wings she also has a tattoo on her left. off warrior angel vidya Balan the Kahani act. is grizzly in love with sarees and vidya Balan has a collection of around 800 sarees with their loves canch. I'm sorry and her favourite designer is none other than sabyasachi mukherjee Bipasha Basu. this actress is crazy about watches and loves to collect watches Bipasha has. which collection of watches from luxury brands and some of them are too much expensive leave your thought in comment section. and subscribe our channel for more updates