I always. switch to putting things together from start to finish that's always been my personality and I was 21 I just come back from college I just ended up. sing Delhi 6 promotions I knew that a celebrity stylist is an actual job in India I didn't exist slowly I realize. I was doing an actual job and then I was like well someone needs to compensate for this some people not. I think we only and only have to thank Sanam. now styling is no longer. appearances promotions there's a lot more personal styling involved sometimes. play Silent for things like just an airport sighting or if they're just out and about what we call off duty looks. listen and then I have Siri now blogger I think Tony is first job as a stylus outside of magazine was going to hired. I know every celebrity is inherently stylish every day is very different. really starts with them getting in touch it's. telling us what the event is if it's on an event and maybe a magazine cover or you know so if it's a magazine. in terms of. direction we want to go and what look we want to put together reaching out to designers I think for us when we get a request we really see if the actor. address suvitha when she did one movie and she was going to walk the red carpet and can and you know she said to me I don't want to do a gown. I just want to do a really cool power suit with like a polo neck top and she wasn't even one full moon then so I think I really see. if they have the personality to carry off the clothes because I know that a lot of people get lost in our clothes other than that we're very happy the more people that. make a slight statement making yeah cool so let's do this for that one so if it is actually. play crucial stage many times I can last last minute change is what is required a little tweaking based on who you're styling. I've been styling Aishwarya for. and just one day she gave me a call and there was something when I think it was okay and. I go to call literally. 12:30 in the night on 13th Jan 2017 14th Jan was filmfare. manager called me and said do you know do you have any clothes this is like an urgent. call and I thought she was calling me for Mira so she said no I called you for Shahid and that's how I Association started so yeah. parineeti has a talk show appearance again I just want to stick to a really nice classic black pant suit. and I think that's too nice belt you know because it's very clean and simple but like just a nice statement belt. a lot of times I pick up things that I like when I'm traveling. just as part of my inventory a brand that maybe isn't over here that doesn't have a presence here so if I feel that this would really work on. stop for example then I'll pick it up in her side she has these promotions for 3 days so it's an. let's just do this. make a joker detail for the neck you know so cool I think we're good here all the time in fact she was a lot. play some clothes even for official events we use a lot of her personal accessories and my personal accessories and clothes to mix it up it's good. everybody in the sense that the business is really picked up the minute or celebrities wearing something I know and specially like the. latest ones you know like people really go like wow I want that celebrity. pictures I shared all over social media it's business everybody's making money all of our sales come from screenshots that clients have. off very celebrities over the years by the clothes you know being an airport look be at a wedding be at at. when we usually Source from a designer they usually sample pieces which are not for sale so we use them. if the designer is giving you the pieces the least you can do is return them back properly and of course you learn that. my assistant at the time just. put it in a Forever 21 bag and just give it to the courier company I didn't Overlook that and it was sent like that and he. I need to take to social media and was like you know a stylist send someone like that and all that and you know he didn't like say my name. but when I saw that I was just like I hope it's not me and then I messaged him and he was like yeah and. who is modified you know the times the samples that you send out don't really come back in proper Shape magazine sometimes don't respect that. I remember when we raised concerns 6 years back he was still a fair. completely filled with makeup and ripped in most. because we don't have that many we don't have like an archive room you know sitting with samples and samples with a fresh brand or a new. we have to maintain cost control we have to take care of our samples because they all rotated and you know I just didn't like it and I sent an email back. can we just for Tool not to speak not to be spoken to like that you know what I mean we suffered a lot because a lot of magazines wouldn't pick us up but I just think that these. for us everything is sold out for anything loves comfortable clothes so priyanka's wedding we wanted to put together looks that were you know comfortable. she's going to be very involved in all the functions in the parties being immediate family and I remember the subway outfit maybe came a day before she. I was leaving the blouse basically didn't fit luckily Subway sandwiches team is obviously amazing and they fixed it on the spot. resolve that issue. how much do we make I'm not disclosing that but I can tell you. how we got it really depends if I'm selling a magazine in the magazine is paying for it if it's an airport look the celebrity. for it if the movie promotions then usually the production house is paying for it if it's an ad then the agency is paying for it it's. and it depends on where you are in the chain as well right like I would charge a lot more than probably I. how can cure after your after you could get very monotonous so you need to have that freshness I usually send International. how you going to walk the stairs down or up International designers they didn't know what this means dress a Bollywood star why. to convince people but I think once that they saw how much it got covered I mean for the minute that you see the Web Hits coming in and you're like oh my God. looks like you have put together which you love the look when it was put together and then maybe it doesn't happen to me at least maybe it has. have fun translate because there's no point if you put in all that hard work and you've given someone on this outfit to wear and it doesn't translate finally in the photos fashion is such a thing. everyone wants to be a stylist but the thing. play stylist is that you are providing a service it's not about you you need to know more than everyone else so I must rest up for every occasion her entire. that's never going to go. everyone else is overreacted and made it like a thing but for us it was always a very intimate playing dress up very personal thing and it