subscribe to my YouTube channel and click the Bell icon for the latest film interviews features and recommendations on the movies that matter. if one had to point to a Common Thread that links the best performances by male Act. could it be more dissimilar yet each was authentic to his respective world imbued with the empathy or passion or comp. invested by the artist playing him do you love dancer. in Ludo rajkummar Rao brought genuine sweetness and. Yuma to the role of a besotted romantic whose Devotion to a girl in his school remains unwavering even after she's married. play has a child. open undervalued but sincere police officer who becomes desperate to prove his potential when he's tasked with his careers. important keys in patalu cancel. pankaj tripathi relied on his innate kindness and warmth and his propensity for minimalism to play a support. who is the wind beneath his daughter's wings please. in the second season of mirzapur divyendu Sharma sought out the emotional truth. read within the seemingly dark cold heart of a villain that would come to despise humanizing him in the process. play middle class fellow who. create a winning portrait of an Everyman. who's desperate to protect his fortune from multiple threats Harley-Davidson company. nawazuddin Siddiqui approached his role as a shrewd determined manipulator in serious men. with a blend of cheekiness and smarts creating a character that is ultimately both desperate and fascinating. internachi playing a statistic General to the Mughal emperor. Saif Ali Khan brought delicious flamboyance and theatrics giving us an irresistible villain who commanded the screen. empathetic humanist portrait of a man who is insatiable. turned him into the country's biggest white-collar criminal initially it was called the stocks Brokers didn't like it so they called. how they approach laughing crying. when they were at the script this is the. welcome to the actors Roundtable 2020. and it's just so amazing to see all of you talented people you know on. and let me tell you why this is. it's been a strange uncertain year it's been a hard year for so many of us and one of the things that really helped us to get through this year. was the work that you put out the entertainment that you gave us the art that you put out those incredible performances the great shows the. wonderful films that you made so first of all thank you for bringing some joy in an otherwise Bleak dark here I. did you find that you were reminded just how much. now what you do and really what your art means to you or will you struck by how insignificant we are and what we do. you know that's the benefit of being in a relationship with an actress with an actor and personally we chatted a lot about we were watching. content will consuming a lot of series and fiction films and nonfiction things and we were talking about that and we were doing online acting workshops through. websites and she was preparing for her series and I Was preparing for my friends so I really didn't really miss it that much but of course the the. turn off being in front of the camera being on a film set that's a different kind of high so I definitely missed that and I realize that how much I I love doing. I do but also at your second part of your question is yeah I think we all are really insignificant nobody doesn't matter you're an actor or whatever. I think when it comes to nature mother nature we all are just a very very tiny part of the whole system nothing more than that. I think just say of course I'm looking for. Phoenix Arizona. set the alarm at 2:30 tomorrow. Gibby's restaurant near Southwest. Methodist Church is open. I honestly feel that you know every now and then on all your gadgets you get a software update and then you have to reboot your phone. I think for us we would never have done that otherwise but if we were just put into this position where we were forced to do that and. you know what about what is going to happen with work and the other things I think would be like the best way to said we started to respect. value in cherries the little things that we actually on a day to day basis did not you know care for much I'm saying as simple as the freedom. still have the choice to go out whenever I want to whatever restaurant I want to meet whoever I want whether I use it or not but now the choice was taken. Stevens things like that like I think after 2 months or 3 months of lockdown the first time you met your parents or your family that meant a lot. and I think creativity also kind of came out whether it was writing or actors you know we saw so much content which we did not have a chance. to watch otherwise we got to learn so much what is happening in the world so I think it was that software update that was required I don't. how many more such software updates to happen in the future but I mean you have to take the positives away from what we did. so I guess so I have the best of family time in the worst of the conditions. the family time in this pandemic situation and in my entire family including me we had gone through this Corona in July so. Ramen actually went into that fight with Corona and as I said is these guys also said that this. what it is Basics because daddy shoes. Act. easy cheese. so it's a very interesting situation to observe. I I didn't find anything very different in my life I mean of course it was a really frightening time when we thought maybe. will run out to everyone was buying all the. I'm standing importance of what we do and the insignificance of it all so. James really that the lockdown has bought to my table that you had this Thunderstruck or you know lightning. insignificant obviously but at the same time. is a human being is capable of defeating the microbe at the same time you can put a rocket on the moon at the same time you can increase lifespan by about 20. 10 times since 1700 by by being a human being so we are not insignificant in any way actually. in fact we're all there is. health workers are more important than more noble because they are risking their lives to save people but the mental health of a society is. an actors who have to go out and work in an environment which is air conditioning and with 200 people you can't wear a mask it's slightly. so we have gone out a lot of us and worked with supported the economy when we've had to leave supported. miss work at all I realize the fact that yes and you know I'm a lazy. the only good part was I was very very comfortable with myself you know not working sitting at home then you know. I went back to reading watching stuff you know discover cooking yes I I I I I I I I understand. let you know we are the fortunate ones that we have the means to you know enjoy that we enjoyed those 678 months that. sort of a holiday sort of a retreat sort of a thing for us but yeah at the same time it was very unfortunate for a lot of people. honestly saying if I was I was very happy not working not meeting too many people. yeah it was just it was at peace everyone you know it was actually one of those HBO films you watch on on Sunday afternoon. but yeah it was certain kind of Peace about you know the whole thing so. yeah I am and yeah it didn't affect me that it's not that I'm not getting too affected by it but but yeah. if you're okay with it you're okay with it and I was okay with it. Bombay Sherman Village Hotel. suddenly Community radio. each of you does complex scenes and complex emotions so well. it's the seemingly simple stuff that is hard. do you actually beat the person that is laughing or crying. suicide I'm just a little emotionally blocked when it comes to I find my weakness is in. you know in in some of the tearful stuff. so I I find it much easier to love. new conventionally anything to do truthfully actually to find the truth in your performance it can be a very simple scene of just your reaction short we're just listening to a collect. I think everything is it comes for me comes down to how how much your present in that moment it can be a laughing scene it can be a crime. let me do it this way because you know that way maybe audience will laugh and that's not that's not. for me that's like I'm I'm not doing it for myself for me I have to do it for myself first again if I'm not like I'm coming. I feel that it's it's tougher for me to. wholeheartedly and it's easier to I just feel it's easier to get caught if you're doing that wrong I mean you can still. Glycerine and you know get into that but laughing is one of those things that it's it's I think it's easier to get caught. so I'm definitely more thoughtful if it is me laughing as opposed to. I would I find it tougher to just laugh out loud. I mean it's laughing at times I see my cell phone case. you're laughing laughing is it's very very tough man I mean emotion yeah you you there is a certain Channel. and you would most of the time you would reach there at least for me but laughing and also it's it's not just laughing. when is absolutely not working it's very difficult I think the last episode. what character with Heidi. laughter is is something I've enjoyed doing in a couple of years ago there was no scene there was something. I have a cousin who has a very funny. and he laughed so much that everybody feels like laughing whoever talks to him you know and and sometimes he holds his nose and you know if. trying to so it can be an extremely nuanced torturous thing it's not just hahaha obviously as you guys know like even crying is so. complex and then come from different areas so a laughter I did a scene in this place I just finished with the guy in the front talking to someone. and I'm supposed to laugh in the back and my laughter supposed to escalate with each thing he says to a point where I'm having a fit in the background is not an easy. but it's all about laughing you know nothing more than your stomping to your falling down till you're crying so. 944. play Monica Lewinsky motion recreational. Augusta amazing company all you guys are such lovely actors it's a big honor for me to be on this platform with. is great thank you very much. so I would agree with Jennifer that both are difficult and both are equally enjo. but I'll just tell you the example I mean one one and I got off my theater time where one guy had to crack a joke and. I finally have a question that pankaj g has to answer he can't say it again. what was the one seen that you were really looking. lower to shooting when you read the script and did it live up to what you had built it to be in your head. bunker gear. what's the answer. why. play Cena music. take a picture of the name but. I'm trying to locate Google Google. what's on the kitchen speaker. I'm going to dance. this is all this was happening before I went to shoot that scene and when I went there I tried and you wanted it in like one take. Rita it was pretty tough but then somehow we got it and then I think the whole thing actually in a way we were all. was that it was very thin line to make that character human you know it's loud o t t but still human so that people. Dan is emotion that he's a he's a lovable guy he's not doing back on the here he means what he does though he. is madly in love is little over the top but his emotions are pure so I think that was a very thin line for us to either go on the buffoon. keep it human but it's such a beautiful remember it do you still do you still remember the lines it's right off. repeat I mean that show is made up of some great scenes what is the one that you were really looking forward to. sing in particular that way but I was I was intrigued by the character itself. each and every line each and every instances which were created in the show was was very very personal. and very intriguing that way. interesting for me because first of all I was doing it for the first time with I mean I was working for the first time with him since this was my first. experience of mainstream. take the robot but I could never. because for me it was never a hero or a villain. believable. happened in the last episode where harshad bhushan and Asian Bhai they confront each other that concentration was really. explode in the manner that he does his hand for the first time. I mean you know certain things have kind of what you call the item saying you know so. when you read it you know that this has been written like that is designed like that so it's playing to the back of the gallery and it's like. is there have been adjustments with some some directors who said okay let's do this differently to what we thought and I think that's the tricky thing sometimes. I have to read address your prep you know like you're prepared to go one way and then you have to go another way slightly. that can be frightening I think at least for me but normally you know you've talked about it and you're kind of on the same page. this is the big one and this is going to be fun and I think. that's why I love my job so much is because despite the awful traffic and you know whatever the pains might be. play we spoke about it we had that meeting and I said listen I get the role I understood but let's order. do you like four item scenes as the character and I'll do it so he came back to me and he said I think I've given you. so I said oh that's great and they were all items they will and and we built them together on the set is a lovely. and gives you a lot of time to kind of prepare you know the body language of it and to perform it. relatively simple I would have thought this is. play rope and I'm going to execute them and the God says don't execute them please their loyal men and I'm waiting and I get some good news. and in my happiness I throw my auntie in the end the time when I turned around and say sorry so stupid. anticipation is a very dangerous thing sometimes when you're an actor because often what happens is you start romanticizing and you think that this is the. and it's played 10,000 times in your head before you actually going to see it and never will it live up to how you would imagine. so what I personally like to do is if I see that highlights and I put it away and I don't want to look at it because I'm like it's stupid and. dialogues there. 10 m in which he started and there's a different meter and actor comes on board so mugging up lines is the worst thing that you can do for that. because the moment it looks like you're trying to say something that you don't mean and it's not coming from this character it's going to be really bad so so for me. what I want to come out is for example in loot case there is this study of purana done by scene when the. protagonist finds the money and then when he's alone he how will he react to you know opening that bag and then. stop don't know when he when he's alone with that suitcase and he opens it for the first time you know the word of all the attention and they were like. should be like a romantic scene and all of that. I don't know which one is right so we just went there. and what's to download and that's why I made it to the trailer because an inconsequential scene it's not a highlight scene in that thing was when. opened it and I put myself in that place like him I cried because I was like this man is never seen so much money. so when he sees that 2000 cutting his immediate thing is he cries and Rajesh was like making. and it just went like that and there was no anticipation no prep. but I think I in the whole film I was at least the proudest of that moment because that moment just happened and it will never plan. I think it is like in disliking the more dependent country. what time is it. musco. incredible scenes. how to shut up Google. happy birthday quotes. Safelite 13. how many of you guys like change your. Amazon sex and how often does that happen because I like used to get in trouble like I remember Farhan are you trying to. something I didn't matter I'm on here so I said something he said. I said no he said whatever. do you change your life I think yes you do improvise your life but I. but I definitely believe that it's very important to give the written line the due respect. because obviously a writer named excited. because I'm not feeling comfortable right now period I think it's it's not fair on the writer. it's not your job to be comfortable know your job is to go out there and perform the scene how it's been written. world. play writer TV medium correct address. 5 minute Casino. watch lineman song. Cricket customer support. I'm not feeling too comfortable but. I think eventually it's the greatest call at 12:55 I do I do. with the idea of improvising and I think that things have become better by improvising of course they have been I'm sure there have been moments where. I need the ticket prices so I don't want somebody else. as long as you don't think too many naked yet I think it also comes down. unless you're. that situation when somebody is there but then there have been times where somebody writes lines so beautifully and to the. with them because they just stick like that. What actors who sometimes you know they're not able to give the correct pronunciation in that case then that's a different story you'll have to change the world because you won't be able to say. I think my phone is either you convinced me or get convinced you. but in most of the cases are just wanted to add one thing that if the lines are so poetic that. we can't change it we don't change it but there are certain lines which are so descriptive like just said ok Google. then the gist of it should be communicated not in terms of number of the screen time or number. how many times do you call your wife when you are sitting together. 7 writer writes they have something in mind so there is something I call it a transition transmission loss for writers. pages to director's brain and from directors brain to actress brain. or else we need to change a lot of things but I agree I always I always get that confused with this thing okay. who is an actor I think I can do this better than it's written you guys are so experienced and sometimes we get bad stuff that's not being thought. and the stuff we have to bring sometimes we have to bring. you can fix yourself. how to say but I'm looking online. most of the time the actor who they decide to go to yahoo.com. traditional Japanese. 2375. directions to Dicky radio. directions. it makes it hard for an actor. we are not talking about. what was the. where is the characteristics of the National Airport. are you looking forward to it I wonder if it is death scene because that is such a big moment in that last season of mirzapur. what was it like actually shooting that scene and you know because it really is the culmination of two seasons the culmination of a character that people have begun to. it was it was it was very painful to do that scene not in terms of character. it was so painful to shoot that scene because it's so bloody hot and punk is also was there. and it was actually I was like one more song. I expected it to be a much more to be to be honest and I mean I know. I know I love my niggas but I was expecting much more out of that seat you know. what is time now and you know there is there is there is a lot of drama that day like I said. I didn't think this is that scene which I need the scene I felt was. in season 1 killing of compounder my friend that was one scene where I felt okay how to approach. I fell off my chair I fell off my chair. show became gold and at that time I was like what kind of show is this is the funniest thing I've heard on film and you. it was improvised by you yeah I did I did oh really. what are dying scenes like to shoot I mean what are Death Scenes like to shoot and show you all done it you have to be done. who hasn't done a dead scene who hasn't done what. he comes and then we see him dying on screen like. Castle oh my God and he changed my whole conditioning of how people die on screen or. it was just insane it's like no you don't have to like me like no nothing. they have changed my perception of how people. play on on screen. it was raining and the director wanted me to lie down and it is pouring and he and I had to die like for like. play 40 second because somebody's killing me and I can't and it's right up to breathe when there's water going inside your nostrils it became so technical for me. you can't breathe. I would love to do one one day a good one that's why using Tims iPad. 4060. first time in Charlotte weather. what was the amazing. somebody stop. remember the moment. exactly. Raju G who are a criminal justice league trailer. remove Justice. behind doors cuchna match season 3 episode. what is the best piece of acting that you. what is the best acting that you saw the same. call Jayden in scam. catalog. I've ever seen I haven't seen anything this year I don't remember but I mean the last thing I saw was trapped and then Newton. amazing in mirzapur Mr Nawaz I don't know what he's going to watch making something on Spotify. but I'm really looking forward to it I said what's the best show in India. missing what happened this year but I mean I already said that but I have to say that all these actors that I'm seeing in these screens. a DieHard fan off and I have to say when I looked at the screen I'm not going to just ask that I was telling stock because individually I have seen all. and I am in all for the works and I truly respect each and every actor but because you asked this year this was two things. not trying to be a politically correct but but I mean seriously enjoyed each and. performance if I have to put a finger on one which I don't want to then it has to be. but seriously it's it's not it's not fair to answer this question because it's it's absolutely everyone here has been so so. yes yes absolutely. play please wake me up tomorrow morning. I want to tell you one thing I have a friend. top three performances we were counting and he said phone. 7900 is the top three tickets the test of time. so my. which totally blew me away the performance this series called I know that. I know this much is true and Mark Ruffalo in that series man he's playing these identical twin brothers. yes that time when you watch a performance and you start feeling so small as an actor so that performance did that to me what's the name. I know this much is true it's a miniseries please watch it as an actor I think all of us should watch it it's. I couldn't believe it what you did to that part is so effortless so bloody real it's like you're watching a documentary. it's very subtle but still you can't say that these are the same people. it's insane so yeah I know this but it's true from the International Cinema but here I think JD and prateek. I'm going to start scam today. and I love the bandage bandage very nicely but I found it very interesting and very soothing and the performance of. all the people. is Hindi English. Malayalam film. new episodes. would have been just as great a conversation but but really thank you thank you for bringing so much happiness and so much joy and and really being the. chores and films I think they're going to be revisiting over time I cannot wait to see what you do next but but really thank you for this very insightful. turn off this conversation many many congratulations thank you for the amazing work and cannot wait to see what you do next thank you so much thank you thank you thank you. love you all. thank you so much