just look at this. but this this one is real this is the LG 4K OLED w in the fles. and the w stands for wallpaper and that's a pretty funny name for a TV like this because it's so thin it literally looks like a cutout like. a wallpaper on a 65 inch section of the wall so for the record the panel is officially 3.8 mm thick. total including the wall mount if you must know there's actually no way to keep this TV upright there's no stand that it comes with you have to wall mount it. module is basically a 65 inch sheet of pixels that sort of hooks onto the tiny wall mount. the top like a picture frame and then actually uses magnets throughout the middle and the bottom of the frame to stay flush with the wall it's tight so that makes. thinner on the wall then a bunch of household objects which you would ordinarily consider thin I mean the fact that this whole panel is about the. thickness as 2 SD cards should give you a pretty good idea how nuts it is maybe take a key out your pocket and hold it up to the wall like that. is how thin the entire TV is and yeah that also makes this TV that LG makes thinner than the thinnest phone they make how. gets up to 1000 nits which is extremely bright. are blacks are Pitch Black since it's an OLED it hits 99% of DCI colour space supports Dolby Vision hdr10. LG and technicolors HDR I mean it'll pretty much cover any format and of course it's a 4K panel so details and. where did all the guts go so where are all the rest of the components. to this TV the ports the speakers etc it's actually all in the soundbar which is an equally important part of this setup as. call that so everything connects to the TV through this one flat cable and you can see it coming out the bottom and it looks a little bit weird to first but I kind. take this system it's a really really sturdy cable doesn't flex very much but it comes right out the bottom of the TV and plugs into the. and I have mine using the extension since it's more than 2 feet from the TV to the bar I think ideally for maximum visual Flo. you're going to want to go into the wall with the cable so you don't have to seed it all but then you need some professional help and you have to get it properly shielded for. would etc I think some double-sided tape for me I should do pretty much fine to make it not a big deal the cable really is not. noticeable once you're looking at the TV trust me but the sound bar this thing is actually really good it sounds great it gets really loud without much distortion. facing sideways straight up and that makes it pretty good at throwing sound off the walls and creating a. when turning on and off I I can't even be sure if that. is there any real functionality outside of looking cool but I like it anyway and all of the IO is of course in the sound bar as well so you plug in. soundbar into the wall and if you have anything HDMI there's 4 HDMI ports a couple USB and ethernet etc and then. ribbon cable so that's what allows the TV to be so thin because it's literally. adjust the OLED panel and some shielding and a few magnets and that's it as far as what's up on your wall the dopeness of your setup with this TV. and pretty much on how well you can hide this cable so yeah you colour me and pressed I'm glad to even have it in the studio now thanks to LG. and even after using it for a couple days sometimes you still find yourself wondering like why did it have to get so thin like what's the difference between a TV that's. 1 inch thick and this panel that's a tenth of an inch thick but then you use it and you remember why it's the thinnest comb. super immersive viewing and gaming experience I can't even imagine how insane the. it's $8,000 if you want to that's on you bro I get it but for most people this is more of just a showcase of what the bleeding edge of. a super thin TV and then putting most of the IO in the electronics down at the bottom we've seen that before even. turn Samsung have done that in the bottoms of their TV's before put the speakers the HDMI ports all of it in the bottom even though the thinnest part of the TV is really. but this this is taking it to the next level that's why it's dope tech it's just seeing what's possible with taking as much away. it is possible and when you do this you end up with this super immersive experience where you don't even really focus on the fact that it's a TV anymore it just looks like someone. copied and pasted an image onto a wall and you're just looking at the image it's really cool so I can leave a link in the description to this if you really want to check it out but really most of the link. that's pretty much it that's the wallpaper TV thank you for