Please Subscribe and don't forget to press the Bell icon to get notified whenever we upload a new video. aside from a few. 2017 has been the year that the audience turned its nose up at the superstars embracing instead the. Skippers of talented up in Commerce Theater next out to enable. old news stories to be told the focus State firmly on characterization storytelling solid perfor. does didn't go unrewarded and is the dust settles on another year it's The Men Who sincerity and commitment came. it's true that left the biggest impression never mind if they were in small Indies or an unabashedly. play Hindi songs. are you an idealism of a young government officer discovering the force of the electoral process. are you trapped he conveyed the horrors of confinement through a harrowing physical transformation. Brandon bareilly Ki barfi he brought the house down with a winning performance as a mild-mannered fellow pretending to be a boot. determined to win back. upset wife in toilet EK Prem Katha Akshay Kumar invested unmistakable earnestness as his character. turn off the change outdated mindsets leading a social movement of sorts in the process my life is Hindi but. what is English employing humor to hit all the high notes irrfan Khan turned in a Pitch Perfect portrayal of a. play husband who goes to Great Lengths to a piece his wife in a matter of their daughters schooling in Hindi medium. Varun Dhawan play to the gallery. is a pair of separated at Birth twins bringing Relentless energy and a complete absence of inhibition to his. bedding butt slapping crotch adjusting characters and in. Mangal savdhan ayushman khurana brought genuine empathy and a big dose of humor to the role of a Young Man. who discovers his suffering from erectile dysfunction just days before his marriage. the Five actors who delivered some of the most memorable performances in 2017 opened up about. approach towards preparing for important scenes the turning point in each of their lives and careers and other skills they could. go back on when they assembled for the actors Round Table. even this is such a great lineup each of you had a really good year although it wasn't a particularly good year for Hind. you made some very interesting choices and you backed it up with performances that really want our hearts completely want our hearts. let's start with a very basic question why do you do what you do why do you act and also maybe are you good at anything else and could you earn. link from anything other than acting. closing class 10th 11th I never even thought of doing anything else actually I can travel that's the only thing I can do about it. I would still be struggling and trying to be in this industry. or I would have been in the army that was another plan of mine or army or navy or something I was actually very close. wake up getting into motion Navy by the way so that was my plan B so that's it. when I was struggling in my. play news I was thinking calculator I don't want I didn't never wanted to study so I tried my hand in business and in a year or two I did it. call my sincerity one day I also went to Rajesh Khanna shops Bangalore and try to do anything I was. getting trained in this AC thing I was thinking about her and up the earnings comma I realize he's so. just to earn money for the sake of money so I was struggling what to do so I could I could have played Sports and then. you know I realize you had this something with fascinates me. not an actor and made a Facebook I can't you know look there's nobody like me so there was so many questions. I would be able to. or drive inside me I have to do it. it's not like 11 members in a team. there's no limitation if you you yourself are your own you know like. just maybe I'll try my hands in something else. get into a marketing job or something like that I think I probably would be deck. turning campaigns and stuff for products or probably be a content creator I don't know I mean. how long will the full digital influx that we have we have in our country also in worldwide just creating digital content or creating content in general that would. radio to angry on television so I have started with plans CD and then going. do you know what is that does know he's going to storage. you started. play in the early 90s when the only way for actors to survive was to find their strength and stick to their strength it was not encouraged. never encouraged to experiment you even joked that you used to have a police officer's. from in your car needs to travel with it was not a joke. do you remember the exact moment or the point at which you. and I had. 10 degrees and More Than This Much I stopped then the day when my bank account has this much money now that's. play When the shift happened. now I don't have to worry now. it is all about me and what I want to do and that now comes the real what I want to do in real life so that is why I. keep on doing trying different things now it's my my biggest thing is that I'm doing a film for me it is a. challenge that I'm doing a film on sanitary pads and the 90% of women in India don't use sanitary pads. because of the cost that this is my these are the kind of things which I want to. and bring it in front of the audience in a very commercial and just like how I did toilet so that is how. can you convert me to when we came to Industry that there was a time when they were ruling in 70 we didn't find any. that was the time in Sunil Shetty and Akshay was you know Maine and we see the time of VCR when the. please stop going to theater then the the the the the movie movies were made only for front Ventures from there. Define. what's the weather tomorrow. turn on TV and I've seen the show and where he played a psychopath and he's the killer in the ending it gets revealed and all that stuff and when I saw this I was like. who is this guy is this is what trippy area and then suddenly. so I'm doing feature films and all that stuff and then I would always. what's pushing the boundaries that's the best my memory with him is. set alarm for 11:00 the first day of when I did a scene with him. he just comes. stop acting and same goes with this man they just deliver lines because. I would tell them they're lazy actors we keep doing. play lake with us we are trying to find a space so we keep shifting you know but the problem with us is it's like. I cannot. you know why people don't come to watch me will they come to watch me but not they won't be satisfied unless and until I. resume a story on experience which is not just limited to my my personality they can do it because people love them. I just want to watch them and if they give a story as well then you have. what is gift and it's evident especially in comedy scene especially in Hindi medium in Kareem Kareem single where you know you deliver lines almost as. what's the trick to taking a writer's lines and making them your own. that's how you experience something if it's it remains foreign line. so you have to make those lines your own. I'll tell you when incident I was doing my bowl and the lines were written in a particular Rhythm there was a music to it so. what time what will the tendency to get you know add something subtract something and make it colloquial and make it your own and let it sound realistic. I tried it in one scene and suddenly I realized that the power of the line is gone and that day I said. what time do you have to sit and do your job and you know let the line ring inside you but you do improvise. to the table when I seen him work with dad also is his is how witty he is correct with his one lines and how. get send those things like that but chicken big thing at that time when he did that and that's his. play small movies like he's eating a banana and a child. how to each of you how long do you have to spend with the script or getting to know a director before you're ready to commit to the film. one more time this will be very short what is a very impulsive decision I read it and it excites me as an actor it doesn't do anything to me everything is just. the most objective reaction. you don't need to spend time with the person just to get the whether they can deliver. I mean for me if I see the director's face and I feel lucky and is hungry and. love in it. I want to tell a story. I just worked with sujitha the Purity in his work or his worship towards his work is there and just that the. hello he tells you you know it's. let me know that it's going to be a good friend but the director is asshole so because you consider you consider that. play this in that but you know the strip of 30 40/50 days and interacting with him and you know how it's going to be sometimes it doesn't matter. the location convinces you get some good location is a good idea let's do it sometimes it's you know. Mercedes good he is going to back up the project and he's going to you. tell me my name I've always done films which are shooting abroad London Canada Mauritius. okay it's okay then I look at the director and I'll say no problem we'll work on it. I believe the power of the script will be so strong. play career I have worked about 24 new directors and my maximum hits have been with. add another breakfast contribution is also there so is the centimeter Graphics so is the editors also. call a lot of people who are making the whole film so you can of course because you know. I have to go to the scripture please. did you have any reservations any apprehensions. in which you play a man who has erectile dysfunction what did the people around you say when you told them. and that you were considering doing this film you know because the idea of mardangi and masculinity is so tied in with. switch off the Hindi film music video YouTube. I like that and the bathroom light company. no description and it was just bang on Spotify. I don't know how method you go with the family like this. phone when you have to do a big scene do you spend time alone do you need coffee do you listen to music how do you get to the how do you prepare before. you're really big scene. when does Castle on God I was just having this cricketing session out of my team but I remember shooting good morning. then that's a scene you have to just come but for me the silences are bigger today the silences have to speak more than. you have to. log that pause which comes for 1 second or two seconds that has to convey more than others so that is to get that. is mentally you just come in. but I had to before we start in the same before we started the scene I had to really take that time to just imagine that I haven't really met my mom for 5 years so how. badri. play Ocean where I take a baby Alia's character will drop to home and they both are drunk and I remember me and Shashank had this big argument. play a disposition of boy and girl of the stage would have made out of this what will happen though my character supposed to leave and he was like nobody. you are not this person to that for me that was a very difficult thing to do what that might have wanted at that point just that honestly. honesty to look at that girl we just love and nothing else and walk away you're not that person in the film so for me that was very difficult. what's your processor YouTube which are the most important. do you know not to work is much more easier than what you say everything comes to different people in the different way you know sometimes. what is natural Rhythm do you have to find your own way how you want to ask him about that scene from the last. play Katy Perry songs that's a really very intense scene so for that how did you prepare you just exactly. I have to take my passport and I bring her from the hospital and she's you know. the unconscious and I break down on Earth. it didn't support me so I did it little externally and I was not happy at all so I said we should. enjoy emotion apnea it was not the preparation it just some thought hit me at that time. can you leave yourself open to let things hit you and when. and. this is the one who brought me to this point and now she's gone. and what happened after the scene I performed the scene and even you know they were there other types of. shooting it further but I was still crying or crying my big brother crying before separation from my personality. play the character by Ruby song but you know that emotion is still intact so that was some experience which didn't happen to me. sorry that seen when your mother was you know I didn't want to do the first I love that song. tell me. do one take and please don't do it. play YouTube trailer 3992. hit your character at the same time you also fire from the other side so it has to be that strange bizarre Zone. what about too much in the movie I would not want to do that. look if that happens you know you cannot rely your craft on that. different types of films also like you know like. Dan from me of the house phone and so many other comedies I will try then he's done toilet paper. how different is the process in a you say more Masala Orient. compared to a film which we now say Artie film how different is the. burden the film with your thought process in your understanding of the character this and that you know you just go and have you know. you need to hit the audiences do that you know if you start analyzing the character and putting burden on that I think. turn the volume 100%. and 10% volume. I don't understand multiple texts. number four. new scenes feel emotion which you want to do again but not notification. 34346. too emotional scenes on YouTube. set a 4562 first. performance is in three different films you're able to have one foot in the in the space one foot in the mainstream and one of your friends. Putin has been picked as India's entry to the Oscars what does success feel like intangible terms. writing and and I know my fan following has gone a little higher than what it was but I'm very happy in my phone because I want to go back home I want to. what intangible terms does success translate into. you you get a certain amount of power. you can do your dream films you can do films which get that technology. baahubali is baahubali I mean what what is done entirely in the number is done over here but why are we. Hindi film industry so behind why haven't we been able to crack that that you know that scale why haven't we been able to use. apology and you know go ahead and make a 3D films a 4dx films now which have come in but we shooting on IMAX. 4dx using IMAX is all part of making commercial. what do you think will be the positive outcome to come out of baahubali you know the biggest film of the year the biggest film. what do you think do you feel like it will it will really push Bollywood to up their game do you feel like. listen to before baahubali happened to me he knew he was sitting on this table he signed a robot 2.0. I think that's one of you have to give him credit for his intelligence came he was the first one. when this change came he's done it before anyone can think of Alexa. bill is my dad is one of his biggest fan ever and has been for a very long time and you know and don't judge has done so well he's like. remember when I I started liking it when I saw him in gangs over when he did that scene of dancing in that he goes for energy. can you sing Happy Birthday images. play unfold in the public space in the public eye either in a film set or events your constantly surrounded by people whether. do you need to balance that with some alone time every day and. play no family no kids no wives do you just need to have some alone time every day alone time yeah. play long butts because it's the only place that he's able to process his thoughts I mean we all do you need alone time you need but you cannot always get it. everyday alone time. shoot and at 6:30 p.m. at 6:00 a.m.. how much is going for a swim Sunday. he was finishing his walk alone period. time I have that 2 hours and your children are not awake your wife is not awake nobody's awake. what time I don't feel like exercising so I just take my car and go out for dinner. I'm 33 and our family to spend time with my family. 33225. and it was at 5:00 in the morning and he's like he. do you know. what about the outdoor is so true because maybe I'm going to kullu and Manali to shoot for October and just. it was so happy he might not very few people at the resort. mountains with snow and the sky is so clear and I was just happy I don't know people to talk. Instagram handle with nature pictures. George Clooney said in an interview to Esquire magazine that when one is successful and famous there are very few people around you. I will tell you that you're being an idiot. I think you have to be away from the Yes Men of the industry and everything your manager your spouse your girlfriend your parents. what is the biggest critics and tell you that you are being a jackass you should not do this and that's very important otherwise I think if you don't have critical people. play every actor spawns given the number of people that are that you work with that are dependent on you is it possible to not have Yes Men is it. you can actually survive without doing all this is there are so many myths about that you should attend all parties and you don't need to attend parties. tell me to Industry weather Los Angeles. including the Mumbai police on Twitter so everyone is telling me from my driver to. I feel so happy I feel very very happy. can you give me another military exactly same treatment. stage of time it's unbelievable it's unbelievable is this change and what. who's saying it see if it comes naturally to you sometimes what happened to success suddenly you know there's a lot of people coming. but it all depends on to you whether you like that if you like that then you know you can cultivate whatever you want. you are going to fall trap on to that one day or the other if you have a critical faculty inside you or. how to depend on yourself then you know you will maybe fart a little bit then again you will find your balance. you should let it happen let it just blend yourself together. when was Siri. play kids who have probably around the age where they're figuring out what they want to do in life my son is not figuring out. I want to ask both of you do you think that your children have seen enough of your struggles they've seen enough of the difficult. hide off this business to know that it's not just it's not my my children know. they have to still understand it and I would say that if. cost to get into this line he'll have to find his own producer. volume self also says that if he ever comes in it he has to get into it on his own and he has to understand what it is. what is the most important thing because to for me it is the most easiest job to make a film. but that is not the whole thing but I don't think they understand it yet and some. considering becoming actors then I suppose it's important to know that it's not just about glamour it's not just big paychecks it's not just you know being. listen being rich. sounding like you know I have to be in his own and my whole friend. what's the tricky thing. and then go after it. first time here today then they realize it yeah sure. but as much as as being a parent it hurts it is going to hurt so much it is going to hurt so much but. then that is the way of life is very true and but the thing is. I don't want to do is force him and find okay do this do that do that I am completely away from that. did they won't take it outside. I remember I choose Scouts and Taekwondo as a kid I used to get hammered every day in school coming from Punjab to a. what is I really. the other one the other one you know when I took him for swimming pool when he was three and I you know I tried to teach him. he refused he said no no no no no no. cannot really you know he has to figure out. me and. in history on the outside on the table in the United States. you know when your father or your parent has got so much more than the money and famous that respect you know that. man is made so much respect now you don't want to go and bugger up that respect that people can take potshots at him and say yes. I know that respect is very important the way his name is taken his name was always taken in the top three directors of our country always so I know that. he doesn't want his respect to come down so for me fighting always for his respect of fighting always to say that the. just major decisions in life do you think about. Legacy and about how people are going to remember you all these decisions after you're gone always I think whatever you doing. now and it would be seen in the future by our kids and of course my kids don't watch My Friends by the way they're not allowed to but I think. what do you do should be should be credible should be respected for show respect always comes first and you said and of course all the stock is more important to live up to a name it's. for us Outsiders even if you achieve 50% of your potential you are going to have that living by the same. you think a lot of times that you need are you doing the right thing the script right is is it cringe worthy or is it like. play Stranger Things I'm not crazy but I have this phone call kavish and me and kavish started getting into films together so. because he played this he played small to take in Gate 3G OK Google. back. I didn't catch me if I'm listening and he watches my films alone. is it weekend. I don't I don't and it's just. you know Justice I could share it I don't know in spontaneously that who what line is I'm coming from. play I feel better when I said what I that's what the time I tried to say that I'm not gone. I don't have any lineage. sometimes there's a thought that what how my kids will be doing or how many people around me will be doing on how. but but I know that's a trap again because life is much more bigger it will take care of you know how to take care of it so that's a useless. but I don't care I really don't care how would you be remembered and that doesn't mean at all dilip Kum. do you know people I still you know I'm in love with them people forgot him or he's. do human beings are going to convert it into their own convenience and and twist it and make it you know they will use it. I'm getting the award your film is a hit next year period. if I'm going to say about that it is they're going to forget everything the only important thing for me is to keep on working. everyday I have to work and I just have to look at that will keep me alive and I love work. I love my holidays and I love having a family life and that that's that's what exactly I want. play happy about the kind of work I'm doing I don't want to do it for the heck of it just because everybody around me tells me that you should do it because you should do it like he was saying you know. turn the volume down and I'm kind of proud of it most of it so yeah yeah this year has been a big test like it actually shows you. volume by the you felt like you know this very only scripts are OK Google. can I have such a good time and I don't know I think they're going to engage. the. one thing which is not going to happen in India is that you make a film where audience think they don't want to think they want emotional experience. like. how they are you know they are showing their color and they're saying that they're forcing you to. telling you in 3 years and they will not be working the people will be watching Netflix I totally agree with you I totally agree with you. movies that I stayed with you. what is one line in Life of Pi where he talks about doubt and faith is that out with that the face gets more. strong conviction if you don't have doubt faith my commute. we were told don't question God don't discover yourself we are telling you this is it and I swear. I was dead till the time I followed that. what is happening and that's when I realized it's you are alive correct the information is dead and listen to be. play experience it's not alive I have to test it and listen to this tested you know and there was one line. he he takes him to the beach he wanted to play his photograph but the camera. tell me what you remember this day that we came to a place where there was nowhere left to go just remember it. your craft is on the side of the heart is. but I want to use this line a sperm hardwood alcoholic Magic. without Hardware. play Italian music. is Indiana weather. set alarm for 8:45. play music. turn the music off please try to be cool and let me know thank you so much this was really a very generous conversation thank you for opening your hearts sharing your Wis. sharing why you do what you do what drives you what motivates you thank you for 5 more minutes in your case more than in. and hoping that you will continue to surprise us. raise the bar with with all the work that you do thank you so much thank you so much