subscribe to Sunset and press the Bell icon. so how do you explain the finest actor of his generation. that he was headed down not facing me I mean I was told he was stupid to do all that. I thought he was quiet he was amazing he was bashful over a series of hits from fare Awards and. one moment he's dancing on table tops at my birthday another moment. he doesn't pick up my calls for 2 years so that then is today's hottest actor Ranbir Kapoor coming. can you tell me now you have a phone number for release and you play a detective in that it's it's obviously. Domino's on YouTube and all of that because it's been taking so long so have you played Detective in real life to Marine girlfriend. have you been detected have you no problem. do you want me to leave behind anything wrong because. I realize that it's such a hard job and it's so selfless you need a story to tell there is total dedication perseverance passion towards it. did this feeling sort of emotionally tested because I know you walked on that one is exasperated that was exactly what was going on. for what the purpose. and just to see that you need directions to go back to the. 30 down I think I'll cover the losses and stuff so I can afford to and then let's work on something else but he is very clear. YouTube characters. stop faces when you walk and how do you get out of you see the artist is exactly like the number. characters from My Friends. is different subjects that I'm trying to do of course I feel you know I'll go wrong because I don't have the formula for it but I want to. do something that you didn't know you wanted to see if you if I know that okay this is what you want to see if I keep doing that I think you know something that. so that's the idea that store in the world but I don't know if I'm successful in doing that has been like one you were doing. Daniel office phone terrorism gun charges glue his first wife dying off. recently and it's pretty candid. you want to get down how great a human being I was set up for myself to be I'm a little. I don't know if my personality is is that interesting for me to completely be open. I'm going to try. so I don't think I can do this thing as my father how do you deal with this new digitization you know anything is. have you been able to set up the computer terms with that. I'll be back or to the United States. will be back with a lot more nostalgia. secrets and magic with Ranbir Kapoor on jio famously filmfare. so tell me how to deal with working with an x video. dedication and as a professional so you don't carry your baggage. it's unfortunate sometimes that your lovers work together and sometimes the lovers split then we work together. 100 people on set what depending on YouTube I'm feeling so sad today. from you. I I. was. all my career when I'm going to work with her and then I'm doing other things I'm in contact with her she's always inspired and motivated me to. very boring answer tell me she's a witch. your. good love Less in love with you lyrics a party everything is. turn the living room so easy so it wasn't even though it was intense it wasn't the Rockstar. knock knock. this one full movie that you have to revisit me because it did badly of you which would that be I think because. cuz I think that I was coming from at that time you know I was driving a certain way of success you know I was younger. so I wasn't thinking much would it be something like I signed with a lot of designer. small small cities in in my country they don't know me so maybe I should do a thing that's right. it just changed my. set an alarm at 10:11 it made me want to really go so into character and no into all of that. 9526 is the time of election results. Revolution 2517. do you really feel Transformer at least. I was in the store Garden Valley weather in my life and then a newspaper and she said. don't forget to catch all the behind the scenes Madness exclusively. back to jio famously filmfare hours. you want to go to Boise Idaho temperature. and usually I'm quite nervous and also my hands already shaking and you know I'm not I'm not good at 4:30 that you know. I'm not very comfortable with my body and you know I still shoot but she made it really easy because I know that I. Furniture address to make all these paintings about I need to talk about that time to talk about her life. epic Friday shoes I mean I was shocked that I don't know. pictures of amazing Foods take this long it was a 5-day shoe that would have set up never like the photographers were walking. supposed to. I'm supposed to be I mean it's crazy. call Crystal Gonzalez Andersonville that everything just to please. funny dog the female. he really broke. baby I'm glad it again but no single and you work with Sonoma Apartments. this one's really memorable for me yeah there was an amazing time because. I want open back to that one I want to critics and popular for Rockstar and then on the. I didn't expect that so it says very nice you know I felt amazing. yes. 777 it was quite something it's probably one of the most. city of the Jew music app that you can make a playlist your own playlist with so what are you listening. On You by LP look up at from Chicago from. it is on my playlist I like a pretty day from. a really good song what else I like the new Radha song from. so imagine dragons download it. baby is back at the airport Ranbir Kapoor the quintessential image of man boy that is true I also. realize that I cannot come up here anymore I have done so many Coming of Age films that it's done I don't want to become the Harry Potter of. turn off of tamasha okay I didn't know that I thought I was pretty good but it's good to know I try I try. Krishna Balu at in the spirit bollywood's. irresponsible flamboyant kid is hashtag Ranbir Kapoor basically I don't think I'm responsible flamboyant. so I don't. 6. what's the most overrated actor ever have no idea why he's so hyped up ask him for that because you know they give me five Awards. Garden making Super Snake superstar superstar 2998. education coming from Kentucky weather. yes very much what can you send feedback that will bring me most about that food. and that food and whatever. I don't have I don't have like yeah yeah. people and their needs and desires hello welcome to my show on YouTube. and the destroyer of many people studies. just