ladies in annual Pap test could be a thing of the past the FDA just approved the HPV DNA test that could take. let's start from the very beginning what is HPV primarily h. is considered a sexually transmitted disease if exposed to it and cause a number of disorders one of the most. abnormal pap smears and even cervical cancer and also for esophageal cancers HP. according to the National Cancer Institute at least 70% of sexually active adults will get a genital. the death from cancer and this country cervical cancer. HPV DNA test. going to the Pap test is that true or how. meaning that you don't necessarily have to have the pap smear you could just go and only get. swap without a pap smear in conjunction so your result will come essentially say HPV positive or an. TV negative so the issue though even though the FDA approved this testing the screening for women. there's still the recommended screening regimen for. play pop music testing that still exists so there are two vaccines approved in the United States currently for HPV. the first one on the market of course is Gardasil which has been probably most widely used and most widely studied that is indicated now for girls and boys. but now it's indicated for both over the age of. after the second shot I became very very ill I lost the ability to walk. when I started falling down still many are speaking up against the vaccine including former. Dr Bernard Dahlberg told French magazine principes disante or health principles it. I would have to question him a little bit more about where his statements come from and. basis it's very difficult to get approval of drugs in this country without the research and the numbers and the data. find it but I will tell everyone no matter what we use it could be Tylenol everything has a potent. there have been a lot of claims especially when it comes to the vaccines and sometimes there are. but have a one-on-one conversation with your doctor about what you specifically have because you could read things random. 