unknown siblings of Bollywood star kids Shaheen bird. shine what is the oldest sister of Alia Bhatt she is an Indian writer and recently published her new book this is. play shahin and Aaliyah share a great born together Khushi Kapoor Janice younger sister. she has no interest in Bollywood she is now preparing for her modeling career Khushi can't live without her and her sister jhanvi. please two daughters of sridevi really looks stunning together Alana Pandey new internet. transition Helena Pandey is the cousin sister of ananya Pandey the shocking fact is Alana is the best friend of srk's daughter. suhana Khan both Alana and ananya are seen in many parties together and Alana have not started her Bollywood. volume up 100% of ananya Pand. he's an aspiring actor and gearing up for his Bollywood career Aha naiah and Alana three siblings were childhood friends. share beautiful brother sister relationship on Sherlock Kapoor Anshula Kapoor is the sister of. Kapoor is not working as operation manager in Hrithik Roshan's company hrx Pooja Bhatt. what is the stepsister of Shaheen Bhatt and Alia Bhatt Pooja is the daughter of Mahesh Bhatt and his first wife. put on hold on what is the step brother of Alia Bhatt Raul is the youngest son. Mahesh and Kiran Bhatt Krishna Shroff by her last name is clearly shown that Krishna. the younger sister of Tiger Shroff Aryan Khan Aryan Khan is the new Bollywood sensation and. call suhana Khan both suhana and Aryan share very special bonding ahan Shetty. how much it is the brother of Atiya Shetty he's going to debut in Bollywood next year his debut film is set up. Jen Armin Jen is a cousin brother of Karishma Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor he is also an actor who was seen. Laker Hum deewana Dil Raisa Pandey Raisa is the youngest sister of ananya P. she is now 14 years old she was born in Mumbai India Rohit Dhawan Rohit Dhawan. play the elder brother of Varun Dhawan he's a popular screenwriter he got the frame from Desi Boyz Sana pancholi. she's a sister of Suraj pancholi Sana also wanted to do films but she's interested in realistic films only. harshvardhan Kapoor harshvardhan is the brother of Sonam Kapoor he loves his sister so much that. she got two tattoos on his back one is for real and second one is for Sanam Riya Kapoor. real is the youngest sister of Sonam and harshvardhan Kapoor she's a fashion designer and also a film producer. two sisters Rhea and Sanam run a fashion line call reasonable Kapoor sahani. Kapoor sahani is the sister of Ranbir Kapoor she always stays out of the Limelight of Bollywood sidhant Kapoor. sit down is a talented as his sister shraddha Kapoor he has already shown his acting skill in many films. Augustana Augusta younger brother of navya naveli Nanda he is currently. play his education in abroad Naina button Naina Bachchan is the cousin sister of Abhishek. play she died not with Bollywood actor Kunal Kapoor Ibrahim Ali Khan Sara's younger brother. Ibrahim was seen in Tashan with his father Saif Ali Khan Sarah and Ibrahim share very special morning together Ibrahim cons. play Pandora as a savior of Life rajveer they all Karen and rajveer are the sons of. call rajveer is the younger brother of Karan he still studying in Mumbai leave your thought in comment section and subscribe our channel for. 