my blood is boiling I have a new my heart rate oh God my heart rate is grooming. before this video get started fully functioning let's have a word from sponsor that's right and add in a video with ads in it that's not annoying. epically no. PewDiePie chair it's an LED 100 ml edition chair thank you very much all you need to do. Victorian is the biggest decentralised peer-to-peer. ring network in the world powered by tribe blockchain which means it has over 100 million users. and support the creators over there so if you. that's a good time baby one of the reasons I joined the live is because their mission is to not take any of the streamers earnings and that's. support streamers in a huge way ever since I join them they develop a ton of cool new features and it's been really nice to watch it grow and D live actually rewards. guys for engaging with craters which other side don't do that and get this they also have sticker feature. future which makes it even more interactive to engage with strimmer but yeah that's pretty much it catch me a d live check out the giveaway and let's get. the video Reddit review I like how everyone just stop complaining about these finally you've accepted it this is just part of the channel. today we're reviewing asshole design which it says bad design but meant to freak you over which is the worst kind. YouTuber gets every single video on his channel copyright claim despite having. rates to all the music in its videos mumbo Jumbo I loved his Outro it was so good this is so sad. it was based on one small sample that was part of his Outro right that was the issue it's so moronic that it blows my mind. Harry isn't YouTube the problem is the music industry what do you use 2 seconds of a clip that's mine mine. the whole YouTube video that has nothing to do with it it blows my fucking mind god I want to think about it I guess so angry Stop It Felix stop it. Stranger Things season 1 Blu-ray has an unskippable ad for season 2 that contains season 1 spoilers what. the Blu-ray. why is that so funny thank you for buying season 1 season 2 government you always money it's called. how much do I owe government you have to figure that out me I just pay what I want government or no we know exactly. how much you owe but you have to guess that number two me what if I get to rock you go to prison what blows my mind here in UK. I have to pay VAT and VAT is based on I don't even know like when you sell stuff right or buy stuff or hire. I generally it's just me or I have the simplest business of all time is this me recording videos I don't have that many revenue streams is not. complicated but still government makes an estimate of VAT saying okay based on your income you probably have to pay this. NBA team which is pretty large amount of money cuz it's like 20% or something but surprise surprise I never have any VAT cost or tax. because that's not how my business is run but I still have to pay in advance this estimate that the government wants me to pay and if I. repeat it or if I don't pay it in time they charge you 20% of that amount it's a fucking scam like it's not taxes it's just. trick people into paying money it's like a parking tickets and shit I don't even understand service tax. government we think you're going to have to pay this hundreds and thousands in VAT even though historically your business never needs to pay it but. I want you to pay it and then we'll pay you back the money but if you don't pay us in time won't charge you 20% of that amount because shame on you because. you don't text enough yeah I get it which person complains about taxes is it click shape but it it is so dumb that it makes me angry. listen to change the logo of this sub I got to say despite removing the headphone jack and how stupid and annoying that was at. now it's kind of like well I guess I didn't really need it did I now that you have wireless headphones as a standard right it's like oh. wow McDonald's now blocks at the entire. great design makes it really easy to order that is so. here's a flowchart I don't like it bad design no my league curating yes on purpose no credit. that's so true unremovable ads on my 2500 Samsung. but if you pay $1 a month we can remove ads from your TV. shut up Angry Birds shut up the y axis has zero on the tops of the grass looks like the gun death went down instead of up. yeah why is it upside down. oh my god who made this. chainsaw no oh my god my life lie my life like what was that filter. what's The Originals in UK thank you. College board charging $12 per school to send your test score electronically then. 31 if you want to receive them within 1 to 2 business days there are electronic not actual shipping they make you pay to send a test. can you already paid over £50 to make that's crazy it's like these old cars that they've established like oh we have to send it to you so that's. cast you write but now we made it more convenient and it doesn't cost anymore but we will still charge you god this make my blood boil. wrapping my white elephant gift everyone needs an angle grinder I am so confused did he wrap it in metal. alright that's that's funny really shipping method email delivery time 2 to 4 hours. delivery time instantly 0.43 what is it what is in regards to I need the context behind this can we all. having to pay for a human necessity is a major asshole design I think if the bathroom is clean and better maintained as a. in Japan the land of the. the Atlantis all the toilets are clean and they don't charge you if they can figure it out soaking everyone else mobile ads when. add 0.001 cm away from the centre of the X button looks like you're going to the app store. how does that work is there actually a conversion rate of people that accidentally click the button to the play store that will make you download. games to each other like what's the economy what's bringing money I'm so confused 1001 stickers and 7. what's the age of them are useless squares things Disney 1001 ticket don't discriminate it against squares includes giant. giant wall stickers giant wall stickers. that's so funny they don't why don't they show the squares on the front cover those are the best bits screw aerial I want. my printer just did a firmware update and no longer recognise my third party ink on my fucking god we. listen it makes my blood boil oh my god this pisses me off so much oh god pissed me off cos I had to spend a whole day looking for. refill my black ink but then they say oh you still need the colour in Cartridge to print with black ink. my blood is boiling I have a new my heart rate oh God my heart rate is booming it's either call it Boomer. UK 19 is a retail $60 game they put non-skippable ads in from another company I want to know how much they pay. that right cos advertising in games is not a new thing and I'm looking at you death stranding if you knew what was good for your death stranding you put some g. ads in there okay not something better Monster Drink this design pisses me off every single day I don't know. I prefer the cordless I'm not going to lie I hate the fucking chords as much as I hate this I hate chords more chord. Satan Satan be like chords there will be chords now yesterday it is announced AT&T got hit with a. million dollar fine today I get this on my account we've added 15 GB of data to your plan and increase your month. 8 by $10 please sign in to review the changes to your account wow thanks $1 for 1. white almost what a great deal 1.2 wow everything I hear from American what are they. like a mobile companies it's just absolutely insane labeling wipes that are toxic for aquatic life and as and nan. harmful for aquatic life with long lasting effects Tesco flushable toilet way kills 99. that means you have 0.1% bacteria in your butthole bdays can we just install the days in our toilets already. with warm toilet seats I'm sick of this this is why because Tesco wants to sell you flushable toilet wipes we could be living in a so. what kind of could be real me I clicked x so you should close Skype well yes but actually no. all of them I hate them all of them I hate them all as much as I prefer. how does that how do I add friends I don't understand bad design discord oh yes. 8%. you'll be surprised how many fingers Polish or it says like 10% and like 10% more of what here's another one. is this 30% bigger. I want more potato chips in the bag props. scammed this is why we're not leaving in a society that could be wakanda this is why God I'm. have hardcore sex. is cartoon girls in the beach guys please turn off I like. if you're watching PewDiePie video please please the worst when you trying to read an article right we need it for. good journalism it's important for democracy that we have good journalism work. The Weeknd have more clickbait titles my Chinese Smart TV plays a 15 second Chevrolet commercial. can I turn it why is that so funny turn on TV. any snow well it's disabled alright and there's no longer accessible to enable it again open the apps page on the. just in case you come back. FedEx if you're listening FedEx fuck you what they do is. all right so sometime I received a bunch of unsolicited packages all the fucking time. package even though it's a gift technically or a samples they got a taxi well what they do is they don't charge you or they don't ask you to pay they just send. for what what package they don't tell you and if we don't if you don't pay us full of the price. why should I pay you I don't even know what I'm paying you for only if you don't pay it More Money More. so to log back. Facebook you need to upload a photo that shows your face to make sure the photo well I guess it's just to show that it's you if you log into a new device I don't. I have a problem with that especially with how many fake accounts are on that fucking website how much truck driver I have an iPad mounted in my truck. is for TV and Netflix I'm currently 800 + miles from home thanks for ruining one of my few luxuries I have on the road Hulu. can I supposed to are you supposed to drive in watch I think Hulu Saved Your Life to unlock open Hoole. you're at home do this at least every 30 days don't use Hulu then this is why it's good that we have. services even though it is kind of annoying how many there are stop using it they'll stop pulling them I love democracy. what the hell for budget flyers standing seats. oh man the thing is like you see so many Airlines going bankrupt anyway so I don't know what their margins are. kids generally people don't care right they just want to fly cheap as possible so if consumers can find more cheaply and this is the option I'm sure people. I'm kind of confused by this I need more context. that's hilarious also the ways to the right here's why this one. what is $5 higher you got a discount I'm not sure Verizon understands the meaning of discount how does this things happen. like American mobile companies just seem insane Microsoft games create a new prices every time it play. avocados for the first time turn out some genius put a rock. make it look bigger what sorry they're joking got it. that will be right then if that's the case my god I'm stupid I can't buy single use plastic bags at the supermarket anymore. and. to be fair however the fact that you can't use plastic bags supermarkets just picking annoying that is not help anyone. paper. so the idea was that you can keep using them and recycle them and just put them in your pocket and then use them again. I think with the cotton bags is that they produce somewhat they take so much water to produce cotton that you're doing much more harm to the environment getting a cotton. unless you reuse it like what's 600 times or something like that instead of of just using the plastic bags a couple more times that's. I am so woke I understand everything and about everyone if you want PewDiePie 2020 what kind of Utopia will be real. forever I love this somebody I will definitely review it again however it's lunch time and I have to go thank you for watching this video if you enjoyed. smash like subscribe and as always why am I not on break you haven't been training on pixelings. hearing PewDiePie's pizza links find the tears get Fame points make 19 year olds cry and unlock new arena. epic links you're welcome