Dirty Secrets of the Bachchan family do you know about shweta bachchan's divorce. many people may not know that shweta Bachchan is now divorced and she stays with her parents. yes shredder has been living separately from her husband nikhil Nanda for. 2 years play Bachchan family has never made this news official as this can affect. Public Image disturb relationship between mother and daughter. Jaya Bachchan and shweta Bachchan appear in public together with happy smile but in real life they don't share good. morning shweta had to get married only at the age of 21 because of her mother. but her married life was never been happy so shweta consider her mother responsible for. divorce and unhappy married life do you know about the connection between Amitabh Bachchan. be grateful in 2003 Amitabh Bachchan did I be grateful named boom. he did the food for money only because he was going through. shweta Bachchan and Aishwarya don't even talk to each other properly and they avoid each other. call Sue actually shweta is very close to abhishek's ex-girlfriend Karishma and she. except Aishwarya Rai Bachchan Bahu do we know about the hatred between Jaya Bachchan and. Aishwarya was never the first choice of Jaya for Abhishek Jaya wanted Rani Muk. is the perfect Bachchan Bahu side by side Jaya Bachchan is always jealous of the extreme. popularity of Aishwarya so she never became that much close to Aishwarya. there is another dirtiest thing in Bachchan family this is the worst one according to rumors. play Aishwarya was romantically involved with Amitabh Bachchan that's why everyone in family. play Aishwarya you don't know whether it's true or just a rumor next on the list. play Aishwarya downfall of career after marriage I sure you always wanted to come back in. good after marriage but she was not able to do that only for Bachchan family Bach. family always Inspire their daughter to start her career now but they have problem with aishwarya's come back in Bollywood. no the last one is navya naveli Nanda love affairs and arrogant lifestyle. the granddaughter of Bachchan family already made headlines with her many love affairs. Navia was once dating Shahrukh Khan's son Aryan and the Bachchan family were not happy then she. engaged with Nissan jafri she also leaves an arrogant lifestyle most of the time she gets. play with party alcohol and vacation with boyfriends. 