this is my favourite part of the show it's the rapid fire round. this as you know is what you win. red red. how long to take place today in Bollywood name three men you would love to have contest for you Ranbir. what is the most exciting rumour you've heard about yourself. that I am Mahesh bhatt and Pooja bhatt's daughter if all. who do you think would be the better boyfriend varun Arjun oh siddharth. I think balloon is more like my best friend and I like to have that in my but no so what would be my boyfriend but since siddharth. Indian remakes of the following Gossip Girl mad. Mahesh bhatt and Ranveer Singh. who would you give the following books to style for dummies. ok and actor you wouldn't mind doing a steamy scene with Ranbir Kapoor who would you kill Mario. Ranbir Kapoor Ranveer Singh sushant Singh rajput. Priyanka Kareena. ranking. alright and the last thing sing a song. sing a song. om jai jagdish Hare Swami jai jagdish. Jan. om jai jagdish Hare. press yourself this is your rapid fire round alright if you wake up one day and find Sunny Leone in your bed what would you do. eggs Sunny Side Up. ok one thing you hate about Aaliyah one thing you hate about. Ranbir Kapoor two girls you like to see get naughty with each other. alright kill marry hook up pick one for each. name one senior actress then that you would wish would hit on you. very. Shahrukh Salman. well you did well. what do you think Aaliyah of Sid's performance. should I find in order of most frequently visited porn world affairs of varun Dhawan so. ok your biggest competitor siddharth ayushman sushant Arjun Ranveer Aditya. kill marry hook up pick one for each Alia bhatt parineeti Chopra Shraddha Kapoor. I think I'll marry solder because your friends from the force we have this understanding I'll hook up with parineeti because. choices very quickly. Deepika Katrina. number one number two is Deepika number 3 is party number 4 is Anushka number 5 song. alright lastly sing a song phoolo ka taro Ka sabka kehna. EK hazaaron mein Meri AA Liya Hai saari Umar hame sang. lovely very good that was a lovely rapid fire round some safe answer some very bold. play some brazen answers and I'm please pronounce I have a winner quick feedback said who do you think deserves the hamper you can include yourself. but