good morning how are you it's been great isn't it. I'm leaving. what is the extraordinary evidence of human creativity in all of the presentations that we've had and. we have no. I have an interesting education. and you say you're working education actually you're not often at dinner parties. if you think of it children starting school this year will be retiring in 2065. nobody has a clue despite all the expertise that's been on Parade for the past 4 days what the world will look like in five. turn on the lights only really an extraordinary capacities that children have that capacities for. she's exceptional but I think. she's not so to speak exceptional in the whole of of childhood what you have there is a person of extraordinary dedication. education and I want to talk about creativity my contention is that creativity now is as important in education as Li. and we should treat it with the same status thank you. so 15 minutes. well I was born. I had a great story recently I love telling it I have a little girl who was in a drawing lesson she was six and she was at the back drawing and. and she said what are you drawing. and the girl said I'm drawing a picture of God. when my son was four in England. play remember the story Mel Gibson. Nativity 2 bedtime James got the part of Joseph which we are thrilled about we consider this to be one of the lead. I have to place crammed full of agents in t-shirt you know James Robertson is Joseph we had he didn't have to speak but you know. play the three kings come in now they're coming bearing gifts and they bring gold frankincense and Matt this really happened we were sitting there and they I think just went out of sequence. and the third boy said Frank Santos. what we do know is if you're not prepared to. if you're not prepared to be wrong and by the time they get to be adults. they have become frightened of being wrong and we run our companies this by the way we stigmatize mistakes. running National Education systems were mistakes are the worst thing you can make and the result is that we are. play catching people out of their creative capacities Picasso once said this he said that all children are born artists the problem. creativity we grow out of it. I lived in Stratford on Avon until about 5 years ago. remove from Stratford to Los Angeles so you can imagine what a seamless transition you know this was from. Shakespeare's father was born are you struck by a new thought I was you don't think of. I never. being sent to bed by Natasha to Shakespeare go to bed now you know to William Shakespeare and put the pencil down. anyway. moved from Stratford to Los Angeles and I just want to say what about the transition that to my son didn't want to come I've got two kids he's 21 now and. because. who's the main reason we're leaving the country. put something strikes you when you move to America and when you travel around the world every education system on Earth has the same hierarchy of subjects. turn off and then pretty much every system to there's a hierarchy within the arts art and music are normally. mathematics. why why not I think this is what is important I think math is very important but so it stands children Dance all the time if they're like. and then we focus on their heads and slightly to one side. what's it for public education I think you have to conclude if you look at the. purpose of public education throughout the world is to produce University professors they're the people who come out at the top and. another form of life. they live in their heads. they. skip on that body as a form of Transport for their heads. if you want real evidence of antibody experiences by the way get yourself along to residential conference. education system is predicated on the idea of academic ability. education really before the 19th century they all came into. so you will probably stay at benignly away from things at school when you're a kid things you liked on the ground you would never get a job doing that. profoundly. which is really come to dominate our view of intelligence because the. universities design the system in their image if you think about the whole system of public education around the world is a protracted process of University entrance. on the consequences that many highly talented brilliant creative people think they're not because I think they were good at at school wasn't. and I think we can't afford to go on that way in the next 30 Years according to UNESCO more people. we've talked about technology. transformation effect on work and demography and the huge explosion in population suddenly degrees aren't worth anything. you had a job if you didn't have a job it's because you didn't want one and I. heading home to carry on. it's a process of academic inflation and. we need to radically rethink our view of intelligence we know three things about intelligence one it's diver. we think about the world in all the ways that we experienced it we think visually we thinking sound we think kinesthetically we think in abstract terms. secondly intelligence is dynamic if you look at the interactions of human brain as we heard yesterday from. intelligence is wonderfully interactive the brain isn't divided into compartments in fact cre. more often than not comes about through the interaction of. play discipline new ways of saying things. give me a break. if a tree falls in a forest and nobody hears it did it happen. if a man speaks his mind in a forest and no woman hears him. you still wrong. conversation I had with a. she was really hopeless and the school. ADHD. anyway she. turn on the charity and then she sat on her hands for 20 minutes while this man talk to mother about all the problems dealing with having at school and at the end of it. and the minute they left the room she said she was on her feet moving to the music and then watch a few minutes and. who couldn't sit still people who had to move to think you have to move to think that it ballet. she had a wonderful career at the Royal Ballet she. Musical. what I think it comes to this alcohol spoke the other night about ecology and the revolution that was triggered. by Rachel Carson I believe our only hope for the future is to adopt a new conception of human ecology. conception of the richness of human capacity our education system has mined. in the way that we strip mine the Earth for a particular commodity and for the future it won't service we have to rethink the. all life on Earth would end if all human beings. turn on the rights is the gift of the human imagination we have to be careful now that we use this gift wisely and. divert some of the sonars that we've talked about and the only way we'll do it is by saying our creative capacities for the richness they are. by the way. we may not see this future but they will and our job is to help them make something of it thank you very much. what is great ideas were cherished. what is a carry no importance or held no value. there is a place where artistic vision is protected. are inspired design ideas live on to become ultimate driving machines. 