subscribe to Sunset and press the Bell icon. what is 227. high definition. let me show you something right now. jeevan milna Karma open Bluetooth. can you get it done. ladies and Gentlemen please show me. 2015. mic testing 1 2 3 1 2 3. critical Academy. play I see you on Pandora. how many team of doctors near West Lafayette that he should host a big event once again but that's. 1179 please. posting disorder kicking the box of Bollywood Shahrukh Khan. Play the soundtrack on Spotify. thank you all of you wonderful boys and girls a big. Monica Hospital. thank you. Bambina really apologize. badlapur baby. baahubali bajirao mastani song. play Motocross Christmas. the award for best choreography and to give away this award I would like to call on. good evening ladies and gentlemen. biographical. volume 100% volume. Sosa with your permission. the first one is oh I love this one for pinga from bajirao mastani. the next nomination in this category ladies and gentlemen is Bosco season for Gala goriya from Dil dhadak. policy Surat. good khadi Sharma. in this category is Remo D'Souza ladies and gentlemen for Sun saathiya from ABCD 2. next in the category is. Ganesh acharya from malhari from bajirao mastani. and the winner of biography for 2015 ladies and gentlemen the winner for best choreograph. when did Buju Maharaj for more Angola from bajirao mastani song. God bless him and thank you. play gentlemen the next one is for people. play simply make sure that we look good on screen and Young Too of course I watch for the best of the Matrix and to present. I would like to invite on stage Sushi Shreya Mishra 3rd runner-up Miss United continents. find Mr petite Bubba do you want for the best cinematographer goes to. Manu Anand for Dum laga ke Haisha. we would like to invite on. urvashi who's Miss India and Mr Manish Paul. award. do you like to invite on stage Mr and Aditi Rao hydari. best background score for picou AG. weather for best VFX and to present this award you would like to invite on stage afreen racial Wars. National Asia Oceanic 2015 and Karthik Orion and the award. for the best VFX goes to. thank you so much for so much fun girls. good evening to 61 Spring Fair. give me directions. set alarm for 9:30. Shahrukh Khan latest music. what is for the best playback singer female you would like to invite on stage Mr Manoj gaur managing director. God's group and Mrs Mungo director's group the best playback singer female. Shreya Ghoshal. thank you so much. what do I say thank you Sandra G for making me a part of this vision diw. Sonny will always stay one of the most special songs for me thank you thank you sir thank you very much. do Topsy tunnel to the winner is. Arijit Singh what is special song and I'm really glad that Arijit has won for this congrats are. you're the best thank you talk to you thank you today. play David Bowie music. welcome sir Anthony. buy some kind of. what's the weather today Saturday. play romantic Dance Festival. Lungi Dance Lungi Dance Remix. living room lights 100%. thank you so much. yes if I think I do that again. carat. the best lyrics goes to. our next award is for best music presentation Kumar. thank you. watch San Andreas Valentine's on the 12th of 5th thank you. award for the best music goes to. 19 Ankit tiwari big brothers and John and amaal Malik for Roy coming up now. party Burman award for upcoming talent in the field of music and to present this award we would like to invite on. Mr Rana daggubati and Neha dhupia. the Arty Berman award goes to. this song is dedicated to Salman Bhai so many thank you for believing. play animals names. bajrangi bhaijaan YouTube. what about our lunch boxes for. life in a Metro Life of Pi fantastic life. ladies and gentlemen sorry for this interjection I'm really sorry particularly. who's who bought tickets for the Emi please Christopher today. Gentlemen please. lights LED main entry voiceovers voiceover. Hanover Khan King Khan Shahrukh Khan bahara. I know I'm missing pictures. commercial commercial. ebony best actor in a movie. stop listening. little kitty deewani Singh. big little kitty deewani SI video. technology. Play Soccer City. set up phone number. thank you thank you very much. any any questions. please put the evil people. Henrietta 40 Mesa Indian style to. and I'm thankful for the audience for encouraging us to make. Beijing interesting Cinema thank you thank you absolutely I'm leaving to honor this. play part of a cinema we are going to announce the nominees first and foremost nearby First of all the big round of applause for doing this. thank you Google. I'd like to invite on stage Mr sujoy Ghosh and Huma Qureshi. good evening everyone and the film fare for best screenplay everyone's favorite Jew. play the ready for pickup 6722. best dialogue or is about. Arjun Kapoor and parineeti Chopra. the weather for best dialogue is himanshu Sharma. when was Manu returns is the award for best story or is about the president. and kajal Agarwal country music best story. 2015. thank you very much. I'm going home comma. national calendar. please please please please please fasten your seat belt. Mary Kahani main theme + 20 + 20. hero heroine. Madison Hospital. security can you take me away security Security Boulevard. pause the Eagles game for example Dingell margarita. music Tony bootless on Sony. GoNoodle. how to shoot Yahoo Yahoo. call Action Cafe thank you. play top 2007. Alexander California. wrestling contest YouTube. very good fantastic 190 pounds. please increase. Sanjay Mishra and my friends please. best actor in a supporting role female and you like to invite on stage to do the honors Mr hemant rupani. vice president sales and business at Fred's Britannia Industries limited and Ileana d'cruz. it's wonderful to be here best actor in a supporting role female goes to the lovely Priyanka Chopra. bajirao mastani Priyanka congratulations you deserve every bit of it thank you for being the most fantastic. Costa and Priyanka we love you and we're very very proud of you thank you very much. Sonam Kapoor and. the best actor. I was in two minds actually three months here I don't want to do this film and as usual my son harsh bard. ask me to do this for him I said dad just go into it so this award goes to my son's father. thank you so much thank you. got it it's a special about. Bob Mega Millions. Mission Impossible. Mission Impossible 2. play impossible 344. Titanic very nice bro no I'm sure you can take care of Bollywood I will go to Hollywood. Johnny a lady with mustaches. Jubilee baahubali strong daughter-in-law. according to box office. very simple constipation constipation. amazon.com. capella tomorrow. and Now ladies and gentlemen the time has come to felicitate one of the greatest film personalities. play filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award just personality just actress Ki baat hum Karne ja Rahe Hain career. Rajesh Khanna Amitabh Bachchan Shashi Kapoor jeetendra Sanjeev Kumar Manoj Kumar birthday. screenshot Kia we are felicitating none other than the supremely talented moushmi Chatterjee the queen. and it's a privilege and an honor. Marshall Michigan. add Whiskey sauce at audience Meridian Ashok. thank you very much. about her best actor female critics or is about co-present Karne ke liye munchkin. Baby Belle and sonali bendre bajalia to give the best. do female critics and the winner is. thank you very much. Facebook. good evening everyone the best actor male critics goes to. police someone I was always admired. the actor has a little bit of him in them and quite frankly I think a trophy should be made in his name and given to other Act. it's none other than Mr Amitabh bachan video. resume Pandora Sony NP thank you so much for having the faith in us. nutrition sujit where are you thank you so much. Military Circle Deepika Padukone. turn on the lovely motion picture. Playboy bunny. publico. congratulations thank you. the ladies and gentlemen I love you best film critics. what is about to go then I clear my schedule. sunny sunny. you saw the best food critics award goes to. thanks Ronnie. add mrnp my number to Shaker costume. and my office Ajay and Supriya and and my family Juma Annie and joy. and thank you so much audience for giving so much love to this a film which was just not about constipation. congratulations the piku team thank you for being a jit. Hi how are you up. please film. Deepika Padukone. German American. open Amazon music. good evening hi Mumbai are you having a good time. 3 mm in English. who's doing this Google can I say something else. what do you think. enough of your Popsicle illusions. I am not going to do this a lot of families to. talk to the. friend friend partner homie. like a part of the home and you just cuz I got that it's okay I got that again thank you very much. and ladies and gentlemen days I mean ladies and gentlemen OK Google. the gentlemen really wonderful person Mr ayushman khurana and. Chris goes to the girl with a big part of my last film and she truly deserves the best new comma. 10 for the best debut after male. love you would like to invite on stage. play some this wonderful young man. Suraj pancholi you slay Al. are you silly boy can you play me too. thank you so much thank you to my parents thank you. hello the word for best deputy director and the world goes. do meters gaiwan jewelry my producers my cast and crew and an. thank you so much for being my life so thank you everyone well done congratulations God bless you and. Instagram Twitter my Urban Dictionary. I'd like to keep my fingers free so I would like to have like a active voice control. can do everything with the voice of Google so I can you know do this pick my nose and stuff like that. I'm really enjoying this Aaliyah you know tomorrow and I think before you leave. the audience would like us to do a little something on stage so that you know we cannot take this forward. I would like to do one of my songs for you just for you okay show me what you got I got Sur. what is the difference I'm getting lost here okay fine for. Saturday Saturday Saturday Sunday. thank you very much. and I want to thank you for being so supporting coming and doing this but before that. see you later. play me thank you very much for being so wonderful and coming in co-hosting this with me. Shahrukh Khan come on can I ask for anything else. volume a nice old fashioned bow. Arabia song for Award for best director. please invite on stage veteran filmmaker Ramen recipe and Mr NPC CEO Sony Pictures Network India. play remarkable film directed by an absolutely remarkable maker. Sanjay Leela bhansali. no salt so this one is very very special thank you. giving it to me it's a very special film in my life it. play my father's dream that I make her feel like Mowgli Azam nobody can make more awesome but in my small little. I have fulfilled his dreams so I feel very very happy about it thank you so much thank you. Onyx about ladies and gentlemen is for best film do the honors may I please call on stage vet. make a Mr Subhash ghai Anderson Varun Berry managing director Britannia Industries Limited. you can make a best friend only when you are multi-talented person and the multi-talented. I saw this film and I called him he is. Sanjay Leela bhansali I want to thank Kishore love heroes. my entire team my wonderful wonderful actors Deepika who I love immensely for the bottom. so so so so so so so so so so so so so so very special to me and Priyanka and all my technician. yes I'd like to somewhere remember four filmmakers of. inspire me and always made a deep impression on me chaos of Raj Kapoor vision camera. recommendations. when is Pandit video Maharaj when is the great Amitabh Bachchan who I am always always deep down inside my heart. I always worship him and I always I'm over by him and then. end the Great Lata mangeshkar who I've always over the years listen to and found excellence in the work and try to learn. how much is a quote from what small nuances actually mean so for these three Gods also from my deep from from the bottom of my heart a big thank you. what's the weather today Google ladies and gentlemen. I'd like to thank music partner T-Series and now Hamada for best actor in a leading. may I please invite on stage Rekha G. for the best actor female coaster. yes the car is right not recover Deepika. before I take this out. thank you sujit so again but I am also. can you take this opportunity to thank Sanjay sells all the amazing co-stars and directors that I work. getting all these years because of whom I am here today. increase of your time please and read out a little later that I found that my father wrote to me and my sister couple. I felt that it was apt to read out especially because this award is for people so please bear with me for 2 minutes. there is no substitute for perseverance hard work determination and passion for what you do if. love what you do nothing else matters neither Awards ironic I say that here no compensation not even the gratification of. clean your face in newspapers a television when I won the all England Championship the prize money in badminton became significant 3,000 lb. which amount in those days but that did not distract me from the sheer Joy of having been instrumental in putting in there on the global map for this game. Deepika at 18. when you told us that you wanted to shift to Mumbai for a career in modeling we felt you were too young. can you do an experience to be alone in a big city and in an industry when you nothing about in the end we decided to let you follow your. what I thought it was cruel to not give a child the opportunity to go after a dream that she lived and breathed for if you succeeded. you would have made us proud but even if you didn't you would not have any regrets that you didn't try remember how I constantly tell you both. about the importance of making your way up in the world without waiting for your parents to pull strings I believe it is best for children to work hard to make. dreams come true and to not have things handed to them on a platter when you are visiting home the pick up you make your own bed. Play Table after meals and sleep on the floor if there are guests at home if you occasionally wonder why we refuse to treat you like a star it's. you are our daughter first and a film star later the cameras that follow you everywhere. eventually fade and what will remain is the real world Deepika I have learned that you can't. who is winning life that everything you want might not come your way that events do not always turn out the way you want them to to win. you have to lose some you have to learn to take lives ups and downs in your stride the things that really matter. if our relationships honesty respect for your parents and Elders materials success is important but not fundament. are you happiness and peace of mind I can't tell you enough about the rejuvenating power of prayers and a little faith spare a few. switch off your day to close your eyes and meditate to think about God and you will see how much faith in his power you will strengthen you. and when your career is behind you what remains is family the friends that you have made live a life that is healthy and. will allow you to live with your own conscience everything else is transient and remember no matter what we're always going to be there for. lovingly Papa. I promise you that all of us are going to try. I'm be the best that we can be and most importantly thank you for being you and thank you for allowing me to be me and to pursue my dream. thank you Google. ladies and gentlemen is for best actor in a leading role. I know my sister better on YouTube. what do you sing for bajirao mastani. OK Google. and the winner is. it is Sunday Leela bhansali's ranveer for bajirao mastani. you very much for this honor. I'd like to tell you that one of the greatest honors and one of the best parts about this is the fact that I was nominated along. play screen Idols the one and only Mr Amitabh Bachchan. play share this with you along with Alexa Simon says thank you for inspiring me. thank you to the team of bajirao mastani who works so hard to make this film what it is. thank you guys this belongs to you as well which brings me to Sanjay Leela bhansali. oh my God I'm so happy for you song. best friend best director. so I love you. very elaborate show of gratitude sometime ago in this show and that's. Straight From the Heart which brings me. thank you. dreams. something which seem too far-fetched for us. who won the chips were down and God knows they were down most of the time. but we've come a long way. you're making me what I am. my sister my protector my guardian angel I couldn't tie a shoelace without you in my life. which brings me. play the opportunity and blessing me and allowing me to live out my dream. Indian Cinema onward and upward thank you very very much. German good night. use congratulations next of our ladies and gentlemen. disgusting may I please invite on stage the leading designer of the Hindi film fraternity. the winners for the best costume designer Andrew Modi and Maxima bossy. what have best sound design may I please invite on stage director of the exceptionally. for best sound design. and to give away the award. please invite on stage the beautiful Aditi Arya Miss India world 2015. what goes to sujit Sawan sreerama and Salon. a body ladies and gentlemen have best editing Key May I please invite on stage the very beautiful vatika sing Ms Grand International