hidden wives of Bollywood celebrities Superstar when husband has already debuted in. put his wife is still much unknown to Bollywood we are saying about none other than internationally acclaimed actor. put on his writer and producer Bengali wife Superstar Irfan and soopa got married when IR. does a struggling actor and was not at all noticed in Bollywood Anjali Siddiqui Anjali. has been a great support to The Talented actor nawazuddin Siddiqui from his struggling days in Bollywood this couple. 11 relationship and decided to break up but now I realize that Anjali is the one for him finally this couple got. Praveen shahani this is not easy to be a star wife whose husband is tagged as cereal. turn off Bollywood Parveen Shawnee is the wife of our hot and talented actor Imran Hashmi par. has always stood with his husband Imran through his thick and thin but kept herself away from Bollywood Limelight. Rio Rancho we were all shocked to know about this actors hidden Affair as he is the most handsome hunk. Bollywood we are talking about bipasha ex-boyfriend John Abraham and his wife Rio Rancho. what's the four years of dating John got married to us-based Banker Priya Rancher Priyanka Alva oberoi. by the last name this is not hard to Guess that we are going to talk about Vivek oberoi hidden strength and support Priyanka Al. oberoi Priyanka and Vivek have serious understanding whether it is Gossip or any kind of controversy PRI. has been a great support to her husband we wake Seema Saturday's Khan brother Sohail always. maintains a Loki private life Sohail got married to his Hindu wife Seema such today in 1998 for someone. reason Seymour's family didn't accept the relation then so they both eloped and got married in bollywood's time. Shalini Singh for a long time many people even had no idea about this Bollywood hot Trove rappers marriage. yes famous rapper and singer Honey Singh is married to Charlene Singh since 2011 prerna chop. daughter of Prem Chopra prerna got married to talented actor Sherman Joshi even. play Sherman has been missing from Bollywood for quite some time his wife Reina never misses any chance to support him in life. Priyanka booty powerful actor Jimmy shergill married to his love Priyanka Puri in 2001 Priyanka has always. has been a huge fan of his beloved husband Jimmy shergill Sarita Sarita was an heir. before she got married to South Indian heartthrob or madhavan in 1999 she always prefers to stay out of. bollywood's Limelight rukmini sahai it was an arranged marriage and everyone was shocked. hear about their marriage rukmini and Neil nitin Mukesh had a low-key wedding in 2017 son. Pooja comedy King Govinda got married to his supportive wife Sunita in 1987 this lovely couple took. when was again on the 25th anniversary Pooja deol camera shy wife. is the wife of dharmendra's Anderson Sunny deol it was an arranged calm love marriage and they got married in traditional way. Daniel Bobby deol found his little love Tanya and got married in 1996 Narnia. close to stay out of Bollywood Limelight Sonia Kapoor after separating from the first. play himesh reshammiya decided to tie knot with his girlfriend Sonia Kapoor in 2018. known to this fact that Sonia is a popular TV star of 90s and it shows like remix and kusum. 