hi. hey guys my name is ayush mehra my age is 27. why is 58 and here are my profiles at the side this. because I've been doing this in auditions so much that I thought this is the best way I could start so I always never. I was actually of the thought that is a drama mama is. best sports memorabilia but little did I know that I would end up doing this. my life it's not that I didn't like films I really enjoyed watching films I was a huge Shahrukh Khan fan I still am a huge Shahrukh Khan. and I tell you how I became an actor so it started from me being a dancer and for that I have to thank my. because I remember when I finished my 10 standard she pestered me and she said let's join some of the word dance classes. I do not want to join the dance class and she said okay. and I joined the glasses and I started joining the big no batch and after doing the show to my surprise I got a call back. from spb something which is called as a special potential batch in Shamrock it's for people who want to pursue Dance AS. Salisbury skeptical at that point of time together let's do it and I did it and I did it. how for 2 years 2 and 1/2 years I started enjoying dancing and I started doing shows with behind TV actors like. cancel navigation I want to dance in front not because the actor used to. but it was just that I used to rehearse a song for 10 days and the actor used to come in the last 2 days and. play the center and I was like yeah I want to be that guy so I thought as a leap of faith later and let's quit Dancing. go to acting voice command I'll come back to dancing after 4 months so I was like okay let's do it. so now I want to tell you about my first audition so I have no family no friends no friends or friends. no family or friends in this industry so it was very difficult for me to find out they are so lucky. friend of mine in Shamrock who was also an actor and at that point of time nobody gave audition this is. change to think marriage but I annoyed him I continuously annoyed him yesterday. I was ready I was like. I got ready I was fully dressed and I thought a. the cast. it was late and by that time you know people started coming a lot of people started coming and it was an age group of her father and son so. set the casting to the game and we all went inside and they were like 40 people inside okay and it was. phone number profile and I had no clue account which I just gave right now which shows that I've become a good actor. so I gave my name number profile and he told me that I'll give you the briefing. I'm talking about fleecing somebody and someone just hits. and it's actually the newspaper the newspaper the news. play shoot up again then the third time also something wrong happened and the fourth time he told me stop get up. pin drop silence in my head people around me are laughing at me some of them are watching and some of them are saying that. and I'm just looking at everyone and I walk out I run I reach my house. my mom opens the door for me and I run in my room and I remember going on my bed and starting crying like I cried. ride I cried and my mom came up to me and said why you crying and I said Google Assistant. I went on and went on and went on and then my mom told me. but for me just give 10 additional I don't want. so next day I get up I have absolutely no idea nowhere to go for auditions because that friend is not going to help me so I just knew okay. 126 127. and just stand and see people my age or somebody good looking enter a bungalow and I used to follow him. switch to enter The Bungalow standing in line for hours just so that the casting director looks at me and just so that I get a chance to perform and. the 6th edition was. my most favorite and my most treasured audition because it was the most funniest audition I've ever given in my life I shall tell you what had happened so I. seven people so I was like wow so within his call I reached in 15 minutes to him I think he must have judged me to. and he was sitting alone and I was married and he was like yeah of course so I was like professional I tried to act and. and he told me to keep US passport photo. how much for the shooters abroad so I was like yes then he was like do you know how to swim I was like yeah of course I know how. to swim. 250 minute ago drink coffee I'll be up period. can you swim really well and I step out of the room and I'm thinking to myself. so by this time I had started to enjoy. process of auditioning and I thought they are I'm pretty determined that I'll finish my 10:00 and I was I was. this has to be for me to be an actor than fair enough to 678 9th 10th tuck. for my 10th edition I got my first ad and I felt really really happy that 10th edition. capella add milia but getting that one ad means just getting that one ad you know for each Edition you have to. like 30 to 40 rejections and everybody over here thinks an actor's life is parties you know cars money. sex film love which is true but this is true but behind the success. yes there is so much trouble with a lot of people don't know about and the most common factor about that is rejection and you know everybody. what is rejection over here you know it's it's very common being rejected from your parents your family your girlfriend. stop everything everybody faces rejection I remember my sister was sending CVS. apply for jobs and she used to send one CBO to CV a week and she used to get a sophisticated meal. saying that you've been rejected but for an actor. conditions on your point blank on your face rejected and it's not even your father. so I was very lucky at that point of time to get rejected. how many times that I became desensitized towards rejection which was actually a good thing and in deeper understand. those things I started realizing that rejection is never your fault or it's never personal Maybe. not fit into that aspect at that point of time but there are 10000 other things where you might fit in or they might be. play 999 aspects where you might not fit in but you just have to fit in that one aspect so all you got to do is. pick yourself up I know busy and go for that take too so this was my life lesson at that point of time. home rejection now obviously I was getting addresses sporadically somewhere here and there and. I was at that point luckily fortunate enough not to only think about acting I actually wanted to learn the craft of filmmaking. I want to know how the process of films like what is the process of films and how are they made. I got a job as an assistant director so my first film I was the clapper so now this is the clap from my first. do you write the short number over here and you write the take number away and you have to say one shot one take one and the director shouts action from there you. so this was my job. so my first film made my producer who was very sweet enough to give me this opportunity told me that in 2 weeks. since you want to be an actor in 2 weeks tell me why did I give you the clap. the answer and for 2 weeks I should I fast I made friends when I. not being aware of what is happening with the obviously being aware you have to be aware of the. but after 2 weeks he met me and he told me to get better why did I give you the clap and I said in. play Twinkle Toes that sell this thing sound between the video and audio and you know the editor will see this and only. can I get the feeling so it's very important and you looked at me and he said you idiot. your closest to the detective when he's directing the ACT. you understand lighting because you stand for the actor for lighting you understand lenzing because you're giving the clap in front of the camera that's the reason why I give you. the name of my producers at 11:03 and I absolutely adore him to this. I love him and I feel he's the best producer in the world because he taught me this solely on in my career that I kept focusing on. play micro aspects in life like I kept thinking about only being an actor only focusing on my job and I was missing. play macro picture and that's what we all do in life we only focus on small things and not go for that bigger aspect of life. and this perspective has helped me so much that even when I get a scene right now in my career I don't really look at my lines. don't only look at my character now I look at the overall scene I look at the context of the scene where it's fitting and that's really. play grow as an individual and as an actor and I started becoming a team player because you don't only find for yourself you friend for the. am I a project and I'm so glad he taught me that another 80 story Eddie teaches you a lot of things. so 80 + 16/2 okay so when I was assisting and this is the second story where. we have to search for a location and we couldn't find any location so you know it took us 10 days 11 Days 12 today location. how many rivers in Kelly everyone's dying everyone's going here and there 13th day we found a location and we are happy and we like yes baby. searching for this scene it'll be so great that everyone will love it and we will be just happy and we reach on set the next day. play and the actor who's performing was atrocious and the whole scene fell flat. turn off time I started deciding that I am not going to be this kind of an active I'm going to be in a hard-working actor so. you see what happens here when an actor is performing you only see his performance but there are 99 other things which are involved which. do that performance and enhances performance so if you've not done your homework well if you've not prepared. and at that point of time in my life I don't know from somewhere I started understanding. 350 and hard work and I feel that's my simple philosophy in life like you have to work hard. do you have to work hard everyday there are days when I feel like I'm going to have to do this why do. what is audition but then I follow my Idols like I have Cristiano Ronaldo and Virat Kohli as. are there no way connected to acting but they are my Idols because I really like the way they push themselves and. that's how I look at things and I feel everyone in life can achieve everything if you put in the right amount. add amount of effort amount of work amount of pain in it that you know one pizza of that that one party where you don't want. in that pizza that one night out why you don't want to go and work on yourself that will slowly slowly slowly add up to the human being that you want to become. and I truly truly believe that so now after I finished assisting. and then I was 90 kilos. what is 90 kilos and I really wanted to lose weight and now weight loss experts so there are everybody in. you might lose weight do this you might lose. pillows in a month and this and that and I know that that's not the process I want to follow because. I really feel that I am a person who breaks his goals down so for me I had to lose 24 kilos at that point of. and so I decided why not lose 2 kilos every month and for your I will lose 24. that's a pretty simple calculation you know but nobody thinks of weight loss like that I just had to control a little of my food. can just focus a little on my workouts and I would achieve that goal and by the year and I lost 25 kilos so. telling you to do is I know everybody in life has a goal and you know you have to reach that goal everybody has to reach goals in life. but there is no point stressing about a Google from here you always have to break it down go step by step and you will reach there. enjoy the process and I feel that is so important for this generation because we don't generally enjoy the process we. I want to reach the destination and I can say that about myself because tomorrow if I become the world's biggest star I hope I do. I will not get a chance to go to alarm like this so This phase of my life is very important for me to reach. if you reach directly in your destination you won't save it so all I'm telling you to do is be in the moment have a good. what time right now because call bro so there is no point stressing about it this was it this was this was my. a speech about the whole aspect of my TED talk I don't know if I've been able to inspire anyone over here or not but I remember. I'm going to go to call that will you be able to give it a talk and I was with my girlfriend and I was like should I give this. dog care we were going for dinner and I was like will I be able to inspire anyone anywhere even on YouTube so. she said even if you don't Inspire anyone I'll be in the crowd cheering and clapping so then sold. that only so I would thank her to inspire me to inspire you all I hope I did thank you for listening guys thank you for. 