hi everyone I'm trying to Singapore from both India and my guests today as you can see. is in every sense of the word iconic Priyanka Chopra Jonas is a global Powerhouse and a force to reckon it was killed. today we're going to talk about a different sort of project today we're looking at her latest Venture her memoir. thank you for joining us today. you know I'm in London we're locked down but the only thing I'm allowed to do is go to set and back so. but congratulations on unfinished I mean I love the title and I think it's so appropriately titled because. headlines and hashtags and so on how empowering is it for you to own your own agency to tell. story in your words. really written about me in many ways I've been dinner table conversation I have been. giving her opinion in the middle but but I think. Wingstop off this journey with wanting to have an opinion on my life or tell the story of my life. I was very scared of structural writing like a book a novel or a screenplay I've done a lot of iPads and I've done. Frozen I was very excited by the fact that I did want to do a book and in the process of working with my. we kind of came to the conclusion that it would be interesting to tell the story of my life. approaching you know 20 years of being in the business and I started writing it just as like I. remember a lot about my life so I just wrote my Milestones down you know like a road map almost of the things that I remembered and. but covid hit and I went into quarantine and I was at home for 6 months in LA. I'm a very slow typer so sometimes. floodgates opened and I just I started I used to think so fast that I used to start I started recording my thoughts. can you read the book you see my sentences I really long and Meandering because it's like my thoughts really I'm kind of just taking you through what I was. it's really not like a testament to my achievements or you know yeah they called This is Me. I'm terrified of this book coming out honestly because it's the most vulnerable. version of myself that I have ever showcased its you know it's a dissection of sort of my failures it's. section of my rejections to dissection of my sorrows and how I got through them and I think I just. because I was in such a sort of secure place on the other side of 35 you know as a woman I had. ability to dig deep I've never done it but I just did with the book in fact I took out a few stories because I was like. such an unprecedented time your home alone I'm not alone but you're at home we are in a very Topsy Turvy world. anything happening around us who was your first reader because you know writing is such a solitary activity you're doing it on your own but when you. what was that feeling like actually exposing yourself to your. well I I had a co-author who was brought on to help me structure the book and her name is. and she was great in like. who is helping me do that and then it was of course. my internal team even before my my like manager and publicist and all of them my edit. I was very very tight knit about the book I didn't want anyone reading it not even my team till I had put the story the way I wanted. the outside of like my editor of my calls I think I would say my mom was the first one to read it my best. send my mom my brother my husband that's it and a few of my cousins who. because it's it's quite difficult to see yourself in someone else's story sometimes at the same time sometimes it's quite it's just so. great reactions from everyone who was mentioned. Kelly I hold them in high esteem so they were flattered that's always a good thing but. I think I think a lot of people who read it like my clothes in the family was very surprised with how deep I. about my feelings and stuff and that scared me even more because I was like oh no I should edit some more. but but they also said that you know it that's what made it a better read and a good read is because. it was from a very real place and and they were pleasantly surprised so that was one of the First Reactions I got and then one of my. Toy Story you know but I think when you reach that level of honesty as you. it is kind of enlightening for you as well because you've been an artist for 20 years to take in all of that to charge your Milestones but. I patted myself on the back and for the first time actually when I read the man. I had a moment when I told myself man girl you've been through so much and you know you came out of it. strong and I I it allowed me to sort of you know. forgive myself for just always running and always like I gave myself the ability to. give my own insecurities that I had as a younger person it was very healing for me the process of writing the book. play addressing a lot of things that I probably never even addressed to myself. couldn't have. from now on if I was going to be an anomaly I was going to be. what according to you makes you an anomaly and what gave you the strength to be the. what kind of the beginning of me recognizing that I was different when I walked into a room for many reasons. when I was in high school that was the first time I recognized it I must have been 13 but it was when I left. I went to America for the first time and I looked around me and no one looked like me no one sounded like me and I was like oh okay I'm different. and then I suddenly became this teenager from America you know High School wearing makeup and 16 when I was. wedding heels and I came back to barely and everybody looked at me like I was strange again period who's this girl you know. Army school with heels on and big hair and you know in American accent who's. Miss World and I was very different from the girls who had so much. experience I was 17 years old I just got you know wearing a uniform and do this world of professional modeling again. how is different and had to figure out what my strength was when I joined Bollywood I was considered very different I was always you know. does the Dusky one or the the unconventional one and you know. I reached a certain point in my mid-twenties actually but I realize that that was going to be my strength I've been hearing it for almost. because of the way I my personality is I'm ambitious and I'm not afraid of it I'm not shy of it I go get what I want. and you know I've always been that person and if I don't get it that's fine I'll dust myself off and I'll try something else but you know I realize. that was a very different thing about me and I embraced it but it happened when I was like in my mid-20s almost you know and. I think was one of the big things is embracing the fact that I was different and that's what made me unique and special. I have to push into the industry but being that way in the spotlight in the Limelight how. this was me before I even joined the industry and I have to really give credit to my. parents for the upbringing I was always raised to have an opinion even if the room deferred with. I was told to voice my opinion even when everyone else was saying something else. it's more valuable to have an opinion that do not have one at all even if you're right or wrong so I was raised with. large sense of self and a large sense of confidence I was you know since I can remember my mother is always said since I was like maybe. 672 things you have to have your courage of conviction so whatever your decision is you know you stand. goodbye ugly you have to be able to stand by don't be skittish don't make excuses don't be afraid and second thing is have Financial IND. how do you have Financial Independence no matter whose daughter you are no matter whose wife you are you standing on your own feet so. sense of confidence and I feel like as women that. is the those are the parents we should aim to become you know that give our children a sense of. from when they are very young boys and girls specifically girls to be able to give them a sense of you will stand on your own feet you don't need. somebody else's hand you don't need somebody else's feet on and I think that really made me a little bit Fearless. approach to anything I may have had insecurities I may have thought I'm not good enough I definitely went through a low self-esteem issue but I always. I had a choice because I was raised with one. Fierce fearless and flawed. breaking barriers. that was a little bit. how to build my career in Bollywood and now it's almost 10 years me trying to build it in Hollywood it's taken that long for me to be at the place I am. now that I'm finally doing the kind of work that I set out to do you know and it took a lot of like breaking down doors. a new country and demanding to be looked at outside of The Stereotype and I think that. now I'm at a place where I approach things with a sense of a larger sense of calm I still have the. city of bass like I always do want to like what's the next thing I need to do multiple things at the same time you know and this. specifically is like crazy and you know as a producer as an actor as an entrepreneur as an author all. I'm like really running so but it's taken me building it for so many years to get to this point. a lot more confident in myself and my ability to deliver because. 20 years of being able to build that Foundation of you know being confident in my ability to deliver so I approached it. from a little less anxiety and a little less insecurities I think. we're picking up a. what's white tiger meant to you as a performer. I changed after this movie actually as a producer first I read it on Twitter. when you know on one of the trade magazines that the white guy was being adopted by I mean Biryani and I knew that the book was. help me really excited so I remember I called my agency immediately and it was in the morning I'm still having my coffee and I said you know. tell him I would love if you would take a meeting with me I would love to support the movie because I know what it takes for. you know sort of an indie movie of of a sort of you know the genre film it requires. bye I always knew that Pinky's role in the book originally is that right from the perspective of balram you know she's not. I would love to do it I need to do it because also you know I've done some amazing work in India play. I need a variety of roles I've done so many different genres of films worked with so many filmmakers where is in America. I'm just about stepping into those kind of parks where I can you know really dig in. not just for you know what I look like on my father or all of that and. do something that is really a quest of mine and I'm really going after it in this new phase in my life and the white guy was one of the first. face after him and thankfully I got the job but I'm very very proud of it it's my second movie as an EP in America. and it's a movie that I am very proud of for a couple of things one I don't think this movie with this budget. I've been made 5 years ago with the Iranian director and all India caste told in India with the story. find Indian novelist like that would not have happened it did it took Netflix and their you know their desire to. Hotel Global stories you know that it took them believing in it so much to be able to make it like this and and I think you know. garage being so gracious to attaching is playing a show and then others was an incredible find for us. that rule was desired by a lot of actors around the world but you know it was. he was so specific about the kind of person who is going to be our white tiger so you know I'm very very proud of it because it is a South Asian. being told in a very authentic true way in Hollywood and I feel like we don't have representation not. but if you think about English language. Global entertainment we don't see one fifth of the movie is catering to where we come from our stories and I didn't have that again when I. play an immersive role with a director that I really admire is that one of the reasons you also shifted into producing is this ability to. well when I started producing in India I didn't produce anything. on its own feet and I wanted to go where people want going and. Hindi movies where I. smallest stories with new filmmakers new writers you know why I wanted to put my money where my mouth is of creating. national awards along the way it was great then when I visited here. a big reason was again creating opportunity but also for myself so because here I. you know I'm getting them it was it was something like I'm creating a lot of features and shows that are. and I've had the Good Fortune of having enough credibility now in the industry. CBS Viacom where I'm. so you know it takes like a journey it takes like investing in yourself but yeah I think. entrepreneur. what how do you understand your Evolution as an artist as an entrepreneur for that matter in your own right. I mean I don't understand it. I'm just a girl who has a lot of energy and you know I just want to always be. on an upward trajectory as much as I can I strive everyday for excellence every day in whatever I do whether it's. to be with you I want to make sure you know you have the best framing I want to make sure you have the best conversation and you feel engaged so from something. small as us having a conversation to the larger things that I do in my various verticals I think I've. you know I strive for excellence and that's all I don't try to understand it I just look for opportunity I. recognize opportunity and something that will excite me I want to feel a tingle every morning when I wake up I want to jump out of bed and be excited about. my job my career is very self-made everything that I am has been built on my back and I. Bianca for your time I wish you all the best with your family and everyone watching do go out grab a coffee cuz it is. goodbye and stay safe