hey here's a new way to get abs it's without movement here we go. there's nothing wrong with movement I believe in movement I love movement I use movement I encourage. but sometimes you got to think outside the box and take away movement in order to get something and get something out of it so what I'm talking about is. what time movement exercises for your core people just go about core training very wrong and when I say. excessive movement on the spine breaks down. the desks pulls a muscle here and there so why not take out movement eliminate the risk of getting injured and get some abs. here's a. and then you can watch put it on repeat watch it over again screenshot write notes because this is going to be the video that you're going to use to get AB. stop moving in other words your back's going to be safe so before I get started with these movements let me just give you two things that I want you to take away from. one is take advantage of the five best core Killers ebook that I wrote I want to send it to you for free so you can read. more about core training click the pin link underneath this video the first thing you see there in the comment section click that link give us your email and we're going to send you that. play ebook right away that's going to give you a better breakdown of chord truecore training and I'm going to talk about exercises like this is the Paula press. I just want you to open your mind to different possibilities of types of training so again. this is one of those exercises it's called the fall off press this was introduced I think it was presented to one of our good friends Eric cressey on how to. load the spine without movement and it's going to be effective for Mobility but I'm going to give you a bunch of. different progressions within this one particular movement so what you need for this one to execute this perfectly. light long resistance bungee or bungee resistance band whatever this is super light and what we're going to do is we're going to eliminate all movement together. spell all that good stuff there so this is the true Paula Paul off hold okay so you're out here now you're Eng. we're pretty much resisting this because it's funny when it wants to do that. now the true power of press is doing this right here which is great there's nothing wrong with that so I would start here with the Paul off hold and Pro. louder two oh that was a little bit too much for me cuz I was like shifting my hips a little bit so get your hips. put down at your hips tuck your tailbone a little bit and gauge your core grab this then extend got that so if you. upright and neutral as possible so now. what do you want to integrate a movement yeah I did say some we're going to be showing you know movement so you got to move in order to get. musicians say move down into a squat position now you're getting into more stabilized squat position. Paula press and then a squat Apollo full if you want to add it go up a little bit get yourself an air expedit or. some kind of mad so you can go to a kneeling position it's going to be a little more challenging again just the band if you need to. what's right in front of the sternum okay right there and I'll see all these exercises you got to do both sides you got to make sure you do right side. this is the same as you did the left side of the same amount of time now when going through these you want to go anywhere from 15 to 30 seconds. yeah that's definitely challenging someone to move in just a tiny bit so what's taking place now is that we're actually using different. muscles in order to stabilize so again adjust your hips tuck your tailbone squeeze those glutes brace. take a look at my shoulders. I see a lot of people in tendency to do this they dip in order to compensate another activity in the last which you don't want to do up. there's nothing wrong with that. and then if you want to change it up even more half Neil right there. all these exercises are great they all have their specific place they're all somewhat related in a sense. lower back here. here. that's a lot harder so these last three moves they're going to be a little bit more. core dominant if you will so this one the last couple exercises going to be on the ground so. you need to set up a mat now is the time to do it now you don't have to use all three of these extra. do all all of these exercises at once pick and choose any of these start with the basic pull-off hold Paul off press and then. but sometimes it gets boring. guess you're mad gracefully. there's this thing called the Subscribe button underneath this video ya down there. notification Bell to that little tiny tiny little bell yeah that thing click that to your notified next time we upload. call thing got it if you don't mind I'd be awesome all right so Vista hold right here. very challenging because now when I Let Go. you can do this all day I wish I could do that all day but once you throw in here look at that now I got a brace a lot harder got to put. beat down and hold it this is this is challenging but. yeah it's a big big changes just by adding a little bit of resistance so this one you definitely got to keep. I'm working your way in like that doesn't seem like a lot but I'm working a lot harder here and I would be if I was right here. bed bugs. Excel love the deadbug right here this is a great exercise for kids anybody. just trying to develop a better eye hand coordination improve their proprioception this is a great. incorporate balance stability strength coordination as well because now what you can do is start moving. these movement patterns and holding this. so you're going to be like coach Brian you lied to us because you said there's no movement well you have to move to get into position and then you hold it. all right. you have told so push that lower back down to the floor and gauge that core legs out hold it right here. is there a sign of all these moves because very challenging as you can see I'm shaking watch this. a little bit of shaking it off but not much so that's it very simple exercises that you must be doing to get a awesome. hey thanks for watching I want you to take advantage of this video share with somebody you know drop us a comment hit that thumbs up. just so we know that you like this video and if you got a question about any of these exercises you just saw please drop a comment below and while you're down there hit that subscribe. send notification Bell and download that free 5 Core Killers free ebook that I want to send to you so make sure you. stop playing in the pind comments below that's it thanks for watching on this day I'm coach Brian here with critical bench. 