I have a confession to make. but first I want you to make a little confession to me. if you've experienced relatively little stress anyone. how about a moderate amount of stress. me too but that is not my confession My Confession is this I'm a health psychologist and my mission. yours is doing more harm than good and it has to do with stress for years I've been telling people stress. you sick it increases the risk of everything from the common cold to cardiovascular disease basically I've. I've changed my mind about stress and today I want to change. let me start with the study that made me rethink my whole approach to stress this study tracked 30. adults in the United States for 8 years and they started by asking people how much stress have you experienced in the last. they also asked do you believe that stress is harmful for your health. and then they use public death records to find out who died okay some bad. news first people who experienced a lot of stress in the previous year had a 43% increase risk of dying. but that was only true for the people who also believed that stress is harmful for your health. people who experienced a lot of stress but did not view stress as harmful we're no. likely to die in fact they had the lowest risk of dying of anyone in the study including people who had relatively little. now the researchers estimated that over the 8 years they were tracking deaths 182,000 Americans died Prem. not from stress but from the belief that stress is bad for you that is over 20. send deaths a year now if that estimate is correct that would make believing stress is bad for you the 15. largest cause of death in the United States last year killing more people than skin cancer HIV AIDS and homicide. you can see why the study freaks me out here I've been spending so much. play telling people. think about stress make you healthier and hear the science says yes when you change your mind about stress you can change your. explain how this works I want you all to pretend that you are participants in. designed to stress you out it's called the social stress test you come into the laboratory and you're told. you have to give a 5-minute impromptu speech on your personal weaknesses to a panel of experts. right in front of you and to make sure you feel the pressure there are bright lights and a camera in your face kind of like this. end the evaluators have been trained to give you discouraging nonverbal feedback like this. now that you're sufficiently demoralized time for part 2 a math test and unbeknownst to. do the experimenter has been trained to harass you during it now we're going to all do this together it's going to be fun. I want you all to count backwards from 996. 996 go. go faster faster please you're going too slow stop stop stop stop stop stop stop. that guy I made a mistake we are going to have to start all over again you're not very good at this are you okay so you. you'd probably be a little stressed out your heart might be pounding you might be breathing faster Maybe. add into a sweat and normally we interpret these physical changes as anxiety or signs that we aren't coping very well with. signs that your body was energized Was preparing you to meet this. in a study conducted at Harvard University before they went through. that pounding heart is preparing you for action. if you're breathing faster it's no problem it's getting more oxygen to your brain and participants who learned to view the. next response as helpful for their performance when they were less stressed out less anxious more confident but the most fascinating. your heart rate goes up and. blood vessels constrict like this. cardiovascular disease it's not really healthy to be in this state all the time. it actually looks a lot like what happens in moments of joy. over a lifetime of stressful experiences this one biological change could be the. and this is really what the new. Lions of stress reveals that how you think about stress matters so my goal is a healthy college has changed. I no longer want to get rid of your stress I want to make you better at stress and we just did a little intervention. if you raise your hand and said you had a lot of stress in the last year we could have saved your life because hopefully the next time your heart. morning from stress you're going to remember this talk and you're going to sing to yourself This is my body helping me. rise to this Challenge and when you view stress in that way your body believes you and your stress response. I want to tell you about one of the most underappreciated aspects of the stress response. and the idea is this stress makes you social. play hormone oxytocin and I know oxytocin has already gotten as much hype as a hormone can get it even has its. some cute nickname the cuddle hormone because it's released when you hug someone but this is a very small part of what oxytocin. oxytocin is a neurohormone a fine tunes your brains social instincts. strengthen close relationships oxytocin makes you crave physical. it even makes you more willing to help and support the people you care. some people have even suggested we should snort oxytocin to become. more compassionate and caring. it's a stress hormone your pituitary gland pumps the stuff out as part of the stress response. it's as much a part of your stress response as the adrenaline that makes your heart pound and when oxytocin is released. your biological stress response is nudging you. announcing your life is struggling so that you can support each other. to be surrounded by people who care about you. cardiovascular system from the effects of stress it's a natural anti-. but my favorite effect on the body is actually on the heart. heart has receptors for this hormone. this stress hormone strengthens your heart. oxytocin are enhanced by social contact and social support. I find this amazing. that your stress response has a built-in mechanism for stress resilience and that mechanism. you could also save a life. lower to 93. they also asked how much time have you spent helping out friends neighbors people. community. for every major stressful life experience like financial difficulties or family crisis. that increase the risk of dying by 30%. but that wasn't true for everyone people who spent time caring for others showed AB. lean no stress related increase in dying zero carrying created resilience. that the harmful effects of stress on your health or not inevitable how you think. and how you act can transform your experience of stress when you choose to view your stress response. resilience. ask for more stressful experiences in my life but the science has given me a whole new appreciation for. stress gives us access to our hearts the Compassionate Heart. find joy and meaning and connecting with others and yes you're pounding physical heart working so. to give you strength and energy. you're actually making a pretty profound statement. stop to handle life's challenges. listen to me that a belief about stress can make so much difference to someone's life expectancy. how would that extend to advise like if someone's making a lifestyle choice between say a stressful job on a non-stressful job. is it doesn't matter that which way they go that it's it's equally wise to go for the stressful job so long as you believe that you can handle it. is better for your health and trying to avoid discomfort and so I would say that's really. meaning in your life and then trust yourself to handle the stress that follows. 