subscribe to some fair and press the Bell icon great pleasure in asking. baby to please join us on stage to present the trophy for the best actress the award goes to. Aishwarya Rai Hum Dil De Chuke hairstyle. thank you God I thank my family I thank my audience most of all and this industry. for having given me this opportunity to recognize the actress in me thank you Sanjay for. brilliant script. pause without your love without your encouragement I would not have been able to deliver. thank you Salman Khan Ishmael Nathan just everybody the whole unit and. I'm sorry I'm making you always thank you very much but the truth is I had a bit of an. accident about a week ago I felt that I slipped and fell down the staircase right outside my house. but I thank God. no bones broken. looking like this to a function. one opportunity I get to thank. I'm here on the stage and because of who have received this award I wouldn't let this opportunity go by. thank you very much it's heartfelt. normal acting for talent which goes beyond what you see so that's what I've come to acknowledge thank you very very much. right. Play John Legend gentlemen to the award for best actress. hi good evening everyone. and the award for the best actress goes to me. 200 * 10. take as many as you want yes ok Google. receive this award today it's an absolute owner thanks industry for having showing the faith my audience for your unconditional. the unit for this excellent film everybody involved in making this classic and. bring me to give my best. do all of those who do not get the opportunity and the honor to hold this love. play black lady the entire unit the lighting department the setting Department the people who worked on the post-production the background. the assistance who worked under the Keen Eye of Sanjay and most of. stop. but most of all them gifted by me all these years. whatever emotional spells on my go through they've been there for me so I thank you and thank God I thank my family thanks. congratulations Ash