you have a better Daddy. some of you must have seen the video of. on online and I'll tell you the story of how I made it but before that I have a question for all of you. so how many of us over here have had celebrity crushes. play almost all of us right and I'm sure some of us must have done something crazy to reach. go to these crushes this friend of mine one day decided to pack his bags and leave. home in Baroda and come to Mumbai to meet the love of his life. Patel. he knew that he wanted to meet her in a different capacity not as a fan because price. and the easiest way to get in touch with her was to get into Showbiz and he did eventually. play as he realized that this was actually something that he liked doing and he stuck to it. start acting and Amisha Patel now is. so you know like they say life happens to you when you're busy planning other things this is a classic example of that. things don't always work according to plan so let me tell you something it's okay to not. have one. play eventually everything fell into place you know when I was five my family used to encourage me to sing. dance in front of guests at family gatherings and I used to be shy at first but. I realized that I was enjoying being the Entertainer. but this is the same family that conditioned me to believe that's the Mantra to live a successful. life is you grow up you graduate and you find a decent job. which typical middle class Marathi family of mine as expected was not very thrilled about my acting aspirations. and actually back then maybe even I wasn't very convinced about it because I didn't have a role model to point out. hey if she can do it I can do plus I was comfortable with having a plan you. stop you graduate and you find a decent job remember. pursuing mass media in my graduate school I happen to volunteer at a theater company and. and got to be a part of a youth theater Festival which I helped organize. how many point in my life because when I witnessed actors perform on stage I realized that that's what. I want to be I realize I wanted to be the Storyteller I wanted to be the. and I know that if I did not pursue it I was going to be extremely restless and unhappy so. play into my gut and I decided to convince my family but it took some courage and a lot. play cajoling for my family to finally give in hesitantly so but they gave in I thought it was not that bad. a beginning. Play Store if I wanted to do films or if I wanted to be part of television commercials or daily soaps or if. where to stick to Seattle. I started looking for work I started auditioning made sure I was on the radar you know as Mumbai cars. we are trained to face rejection every single day. let's do rickshawala. you will have to go through at least three rejections before some kind soul comes along little did I know. preparing me for the rejections I will be facing in my life ahead see the thing with auditions is. that's no matter how good or bad you were at it. can you translate into an offer that is not in your control. and let me tell you not a lot of those auditions actually translated into offers but they turned out to be some fantastic. play learning experiences for me it was not just for my skills it was because I also learned to build resilience. so I'm sure this is something that we all have experienced failure makes it very easy to give up. can you feel your strikes multiple times it becomes even easier. give up and I kept at it and I'm glad that I did because like with the rickshawala you never know who will actually give in to your ple. taking you to your destination but just because six of them said no to you in a row doesn't mean you'll give up on going home right. you will have to find an alternative you will have to hustle nothing's going to come easy. not having a plan actually turned out to be quite useful for me because when I was in the middle of trying to figure out what to do I turned up. internet. sing comedy sketches online but the concept but the concept of web series or web shows was pretty novel not. what do people have given into it yet I thought it was a pretty interesting idea and I thought I'd make most of this opportunity. over a period of time I had built my network of friends and mentors who've been and still continue to be my. about system so they backed me up on this decision and I decided to take the plunge when I started my web Journey. is my first web show which was a news satire comedy show on a YouTube channel I still continue to work with I real. what's the power of the internet because the show got a boost from all over the world from different parts of the world people started. listen to us the cup song that happened on a whim too I was just chilling one fine afternoon at home and I was playing the cup. singing different songs on it and I decided to make a video so I called my friend and said can you come over I need somebody to hold the camera. she got her phone camera and I'm sitting at my house and we recorded this and I uploaded this video. Ting Ting of the bicycle in the background if you listen to it kindly I don't know what all other noises you'll be able to hear but I put that. up anyway. what I did without too much planning just for fun turned out to be a game changer for me. so many more avenues for me gave me so many new opportunities that it makes me wonder what it would have been like. spend time to think and plan how to make a perfect video. how fast to make very important decisions very early in life and we are not even sure what we want to do I wasn't. and that is okay the answer lies in experimenting and doing so fearlessly. everyone does not have a chopped out pass if you decide to be an actor your journey and my journey is not necessarily going. play the same you know some crying uncle's and aunties or some family members or family friends. how to ask me this. I mean my elder sister I do look up to her and she does inspire me but I didn't have to become a scientist to prove that. in fact I don't think I've told her this either but there was a point in my life where I wanted to do everything that she did so she. you have long silky straight hair she still does but when I was a little kid I used to have really short hair so I used to tie a dupatta around my head. play headband just to pretend to have hair like us I wanted to go to the same school as her same College. currently I realized that it was okay to not do what she was doing and she was still going to be proud of me. Sunset if you judge a fish by its ability to climb the tree it's going to spend all its life believing that it's stupid. you might not be good at one thing but you will be better at three others I learned this the very hard way. but you cannot make everyone happy what you can do however is make yourself happy and that is very very important. so be brave have faith in yourself figure out what makes you happy and go do it get a job. leave a job dancing fall in love have your own Niche but most importantly. learn to embrace the randomness thank you. 