the greatest game of all time is finally here. febuary last year and we've been perfecting the poops we. volume down we've been shaping them and it's time to finally give birth to the first child this game is free so download it right. a bit of an epic news for us when we submitted the game Apple thought this game was too stinky for whatever reason. adult cartoon but apparently this game with two stinky for Apple it's only out for Google play right now we're working to fix that. what's fart the game so the game has the greatest intro of all time with the greatest voice acting of all time very very deep beneath. what kingdom of grounds lived a little worm no one cared about poopy was his name it's me. everyone was always laughing at poop tea because of his farting problem. walking through the lens. things are about to change my tiny hero but remember with big poop comes big. responsibility. gameplay extremely intuitive could not be better greatest game of all time I don't want to be biased or anything. all right there's one. hey we got the ability to poop warm inside and out. though not as soft as it seems good for Clothes range comma and moving obstacles the more you know here all this time I just been flushing. so. now I can use my poops to command and do my bedding thank you poop hey look at that more carrots we need more research. to poop more however but we'll get there so the best way to I would describe this game Dungeon crawler type adventure. name minion minion controller question mark hey now we can make another poop nice this is truly. play this game to play on the toilet okay so here's our first enemies the but crawlers they're not very tough. the game December very quickly those nasty but crawlers have eaten. just when I was about to cook myself a soup this is so sad all right we can do that it's. what game where you're rewarded for looking around a bit more there's definitely always a tonne of stuff hidden and you definitely want to keep resources. for later in the game I've seen some reviews for the games so far it seems like really positive it does have some. albums that were obviously working on maybe there's some glitches or whatever it is it is a game made by two people after all so. play nobody understanding but it is super fun. play poopy 500 hours okay I'm cleaning out all this area I don't have required poop construct additional. the butthole. the fertilizing tier dropping on the tormented soul of our Kingdom the story is very deep. my store will open for you but please try to withhold your vapours go talk with ball I can see he's worried this land. used to make Jesus Christ what is that photo I have not seen that one before item friend's. vermin talk to bowl in poop time. play I'm the leader of the remain level 120 but I must take care of that stupid but dog and girl have fruste. freeze fart power fart. Halford all epic farts I can buy scroll pack I'll get a scroll pack I'm rich how far so you can heal your poop. freeze fired freezers poops power fart unleashes the city of broken. increase the attack of your team with the fumes of brain and sisters I can relate to all these poops. I can upgrade my poop so now I can make. hoops become stronger my default I haven't seen some of the finalised artworks that's why I'm laughing. I'm so proud of Simon and actor for making this game they work really hard on it the goal of the game is that you obviously. so that you can finish the game without having to pay for any items real catch you here comes a true hero in termon. fart and mouse to you during my walks across the Tombs of bro poop I came into possession of large quantities. fight games for the price of just 30 poop coins you may enter the lottery to win a beautiful Fart game a lottery ticket. crystal poop is just 30 coins feeling lucky yeah sure why not this system we added after you. end the game you get to stroll the wheel if you want hey look we got a carrot alright let's go save Edgar. honestly a damn shame I'm so sorry apple users I can't believe they denied our applications look how cute the game is like. bye-bye fart but crawl. poop Snoop poopity scoop that's what inspired this game watch this video get aged restricted by. no this poop nice see if you're alone resources. it's always good to go for the items around you hey look at that we got some wood all right let's just keep going. nice oh my god a strange duck with an hour of gold visited me in my dream and mentioned you to come. powerful parts girl please it will save you much crawling and has no use in the wild bog speed. fart gas portal to poop down and back pure magic with green peas and fart. it's basically once you're deep in the dungeons you can teleport back to town if you play These type of games before you know you know what's up. around around me go ahead girl I'm trying to save the reel Edgar mission. hold. let me hear my poops nice you really want to make sure you take care of your poops you don't want to just flush them down the toilet or something. of course this applies to real life as well thank you for asking button nice here. I'm not even going to ask with that is all right. yes. Suzanne suck it come on poop come out. we returned King Edgar woof woof all right let's follow him back I follow. you can give the items a Year from creatures into edgars ball and he'll give you coins and stuff in return hey look at that nice thank you. oh no departures. find Tom Butler Patel ok let's go back in the hall sorry gamers I just really. I'll be one second on the toilet obviously I wash my hand. thank you for asking I don't know what it is about controlling poop that is just so satisfying maybe there's like a human trait that we all have. a natural Instinct perhaps there we go so these are spawners that's why you need to kill him how do I get. I'm calling. if they explode the. oh god these are strong but freeze you got to get. why labrador I'll take the damage I'll take the damage okay. my Facebook links go forth. paradise there it. Connor there it is nice very nice ok let's go through the hut oh my. it's time for poop but the but out. bring me back. symphony or I will be in agony Snapchat alright sounds like a job for a gamer gamers I still don't. record for the golden poop one day I'll have golden poops all right looks like we'll have to go up here no. no poop come back in fight. oh. no they're all going to die this is so sad oh my god what a tragedy. what happened supposed to go this way here we go nice. symphony the joys of Life shall cease to be sad he's so cute dude I have it for you dumbass oh. all right so now buff attack and then freeze. go go freeze oh god. yeah yeah poops yeah get them yeah I got the poop scroll part thing. where's the other one it's over here. follow me poop. nice oh no no no no no no no. oh god no alright it's ok we can make some sacrifices to the ball yes. oh god we lost so much I'm so poor now thanks Edgar I can head back. oh my god. carcass alright let's go through the butthole. now get them don't let them Hatch. oh god oh god oh god he has to poop scroll don't do it poop d you're crazy. nice Alyssa's go. alright okay nice oh oh my god. where where developers think they can hide stuff from me I don't think so alright let's go through wait what is this I don't even know what this is I. for help right away. it's a long game and I can play all day it's super fun to play. I'm so proud of ball where the developers for making this it's been so fun to see the game progressed and what they manage. does Apple doesn't want to accept the game so far it's always going to take a huge toll so if you guys want to check it out I think that would be really cool. smash like if you enjoyed this video and I see you guys tomorrow bye bye hey dude no excuse me I got some more pooping to do