why Jaya wants to divorce Amitabh Bachchan Amitabh and Jaya Bachchan. turn off the most Idol couples in Bollywood but their marriage is not perfect as it shows in public. the couple had to go through lots of ups and downs in entire life because of many reasons. but do we know that there was a time when Jaya file divorce case against Amitabh Bachchan yes Jaya. set to divorce her husband with whom she already spent long married life Amitabh and Jaya got married. after dating each other for a long time and their marriage was approved by their families also but. what's the matter is Amitabh got more famous in Bollywood and he also became a lady killer. being the father of two children Amitabh got engaged in extramarital affairs with all his leading actress at that time. Jaya Bachchan used to get such news everyday and those made her married life hell. and finally amitabh's affair with Rekha Jew and ending line in their married life. at that time the news of Amitabh and Rekha secret marriage made the entire Bollywood shocked. Amitabh Bachchan was father of Abhishek and shweta at that time but he had no time for that children. Jaya had to manage everything single-handedly as Amitabh was busy in Affairs and Shining career. Jay also try to keep her kids away from the effect of such gossips as these new started disturbing. childhood big bean you that Joey was better actor than him and that's why he stopped Jay. continue her film after marriage all these things made Jaya frustrated already in her marriage. and it was a pain for Jaya to continue her marriage with a careless man she couldn't take it anymore. and what a divorce from Amitabh to get rid of all these cures in life but Big B was always. mess with his Public Image he knew that his reverse will create bad impact on his Public Image am. also knew that his divorce with Jaya will make his film career destroyed overnight people already. I started hating Amitabh for extra marital affair with Rekha and they wanted him to go back to her wife. Amitabh didn't want any gossip on his family life so he forced Jaya to continue her unhappy marriage. all these cures from very close and that's why she never wanted to be. part of Bollywood the affair of Rekha and Amitabh still make headlines when both of them. insane public events. 