I'm Maisie Williams and I'm kind of just waiting for someone to come on stage and tell me that there's been. miscommunication and that I should probably leave. so some of you may know me as an actress. some of you may know me for my really average tweets. and some of you may be finding out who I am for the first time right now hello whether you knew me before. go or not you're probably wondering what I'm going to talk to you about today and I would be lying if I said it didn't. play 102 sleepless nights trying to figure that out too and last year I am. be giving a TED Talk I did what I think most people do and watched about 50 TED talks back to back and reads talk. pads by Colleen Gallo for some inspiration was I inspired. did it make me want to go out and change the world hell yeah did it make me feel like a totally inadequate. in need of a big thesaurus if she wants to keep up indeed. what can I possibly say that would have any impact what point am I trying to make and who the. so it was a good idea to give me a TED Talk. I'm the youngest of four siblings my parents divorced when I was 4 months old I really was the icing. cake of a terrible marriage. brother who's older than all of us. outside of Bristol. play good enough to get a gold star and I also wasn't quite bad enough to be kept after school I walked that nice. then I could probably get away with not being spoken to you by teachers for weeks on end. everything about me was pretty damn ordinary except for how I felt on the inside. Big Dreams. I have dreams of becoming a professional dancer. but during those times of immense pain I found myself instinctively walking over to my mother's CD player. cranking up the volume to drown out the noise and letting my body move to the beat. describe how it felt. what is energy in feeling it flow through my body and out of my fingertips. I felt the most alive. addictive and I was going to stop at nothing until I made it my profession. I was enrolled in dance class and by 10 I informed my mother that I didn't want to go to school. I wanted to be like Billy Elliot and go to Stage School. and go away to board a private school away from my siblings away from my mom. repeatedly asked me are you sure this is what you want and to me it was a no-brainer I didn't just want this. I needed it. requirements for becoming a professional dancer and when I look back now both myself and my mother looked severely. but at the time I was just too young and naive to feel inadequate I didn't care. is Billy Elliot could do it so could I. waiting for the postman waiting for my ticket out of my sleepy Village and into a world of jazz hands. go on brooms. but the fees to attend the school like this we're not cheap and despite my best efforts I had not. do you have any government funding. but this was still just money that we didn't have and it broke my heart. I made the cut. play in Disguise although if anyone would have said that to me back then I probably would have given them the finger and told them to jog on. I'm willing to give up that easily. informed me of a talent show which boasted opportunities of making you a star. this was the second. acting dancing and modeling. Seminoles with Specialists who would help train you up for your performance at the end of the week. and an improvisation acting Workshop she gave me the words bowling ball and asked me to create a short scene inspired by. after making her laugh with a fictional story of how I threw a bowling ball that my brother and it bounced she. asked me to join her acting agency. do auditions for films and maybe become an actor but I still have big dreams of becoming a professional dancer so this. that I was going to become an actress. what's this going to take time away from the 30 hours of dancing I was doing a week and what if I didn't. get the pot was it going to be too upsetting and do actresses have teeth like mine because if they do I'm yet to watch any of them. 2009 and trying but failing to. call in the hit sequel Nanny McPhee 2 The Big Bang. this was the third opportunity or challenge I was presented with. I climbed the steps to the Methodist Church with my mother's hand in mine. repeats outside the audition room and listen to an annoying girl with her even more annoying mother tell me all about the number of auditions she had done. pet fish. I had a hard Rustoleum accent and dark rings around my eyes that was so big they took up half my face and. hole in the knee of my trousers which I tried to cover with my left hand as I was talking to the kind lady who take my audition. I honest all of my insecurities in Southdale and let it flow through the words that came out of my mouth. I was perfect. go to slowly grew to become one of the biggest shows in television history. go viewing records. we've recently finished shooting our 8th and final season which is predicted to smash records that we've already broken. and nearly a decade to the day since my first audition. I'm still wondering. but in all seriousness I have absolutely no plans of slowing down throughout my time in this industry it has been. I have grown from a child into an adult and from 4 ft tall into a whopping 5 ft tall. I have constantly been trying to say the right thing accidentally saying the wrong thing. trying not to swear too much and trying to stop saying like like all of the time. 2017 a friend of mine Dom and I was swinging bears in my kitchen and he confessed to me that there is a huge problem with. live Industries. and create a career. how the hell do we do that and Daisy was born of course everyone who. put you about my latest Endeavor thought that I was mad however I know that this is something that I can help change. play last year in the industry we've seen a huge shift with the Mewtwo movement the industry is built with Gatekeepers holding all of the Power. When selecting who they deem talented enough to advance to the next level more often than not is easier to catch the attention of those people. if you have graduated from an expensive school but even then I have so many friends who are fresh out of Art School having trained for years. and I'll still no closer to creating a career. please set the key to success within creative Industries is collaborating actors are only as good as their writers. shins are only as strong as that produces and designers need their teams. we self-funded. I had a series of businesses from the age of 16 which meant he was also left with a pot of cash we threw our money together 50/50. can we build a team. a 99 don't believe in you but it just takes that one person to believe in you and they can change. well now we have a team of six. now if you're wondering what MVP is I only found out what it is about 6 months ago and from what I can gather. products which proves has a problem with solving with the minimum team effort. sing something which you know is going to be good one day but it's a little bit bad right now. stop the six of us made in office in Dom's garden and on the 1st of August 2018 we released our version. we had over 30,000 downloads in the first 24 hours and over 30,000 comments asking. when the Android version was going to be coming. this is exactly what we needed for people to invest we learned a lot from our angry users and our scary in. I know the last 6 months we have grown our team to 16 people. dim building version 2 which we will be launching in April. and that is it's not what you know it's who you know and with Daisy I hope to give that power back to the Creator I want. encourage people to create a list of contacts that they will work with and support as they take their first steps into the fickle and often. we are connected we are aware and we are the future. into the slightly dystopian ad riddled hellscapes that social media platforms have become. and creativity rather than what car they are driving and whether or not they bought it cash or on finance. play anyone can be famous I hope to inspire people to be talented instead. are you so much further than your 15 minutes of fame. the very fact that I'm here giving a TED talk right now is so far from anything I thought that I was capable of. brighten the bio for my speech made me realize that in a decade everything in my life has changed. nominated actress an entrepreneur and an activist. when I left school about 7 years ago I made it my mission to continue learning even though I never. I wanted to set foot in a classroom again. I've never had an end goal it's working out okay so far. if there's one thing that I've learned is that there truly is a place for everyone. I'm laughing in the face of people who say that they're stupid questions. and when you don't know what the hell is going on. thank you for listening. 