I grew up the study the brain because I have a brother who has been diagnosed with a brain diss. schizophrenia and as a sister and later as a scientist I wanted to understand why is. should I can take my dreams I can connect them to my reality and I can make my dreams come true what is it about. my brother's brain and his schizophrenia that he cannot connect his dreams to a common and shared reality. delusion so I dedicated my career to research into the severe mental illnesses. can I move from my home state of Indiana to Boston where I was working in the lab of Dr Francine Bennis in the Harvard Department of. we were asking the question what are the biological differences between the. names of individuals who would be diagnosed as normal control as compared with the brains of individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia. schizoaffective or bipolar disorder so we were essentially mapping the micro circuitry of the brain. what cells are communicating with which cells with which chemicals and then in what quantities of those chemicals so. there was a lot of meaning in my life because I was performing this type of research during the day but then in the evenings and and on. the National Alliance on Mental Illness but on the morning of December 10. 1996 I woke up to discover that I had a brain disorder of my own a blood vessel exploded. in the left half of my brain and in the course of 4 hours I watched my brain completely deteriorate. its ability to process all information on the morning of the Hemorrhage I could not walk talk read. or recall any of my life I essentially became an infant in a woman's body if you. where is Santa human brain it's obvious that the two hemispheres are completely separate for one another and I have brought for you a real. brain cancer. so this is a real human brain this is the front of the. in the back of the brain with a spinal cord hanging down and this is how it would be positioned inside of my head. and when you look at the brain it's obvious that the two cerebral courtesies are completely separate from one another. for those of you who understand computers are right hemisphere functions like a parallel processor while I left hemisphere. functions like a Serial processor the two hemispheres do communicate with one another through the corpus callosum which is made up. play some 300 million axonal fibers but other than that the two hemispheres are completely separate. how to say process information differently each of our hemisphere think about different things they care about different. and there I say they have very different personalities. bright human hemisphere is all about this present moment it's all about right here right now. are right hemispheres thinks and pictures and it learns kinesthetically through the movement of our bodies. information in the form of energy streams in simultaneously through all of our sensory systems and then. explodes into this enormous collage of what this present moment looks like what this present moment smells. you can taste like what it feels like and what it sounds like I am an energy being. connected to the energy all around me through the consciousness of my right hemisphere we are. should beans connected to one another through the consciousness of our right hemispheres as one human family. and right here right now we are brothers and sisters on this planet here to make the world a better place and in. moment we are perfect we are whole and we are beautiful my left hemisphere. power left hemisphere is a very different place or left hemisphere thinks linearly and methodically. are left hemisphere is all about the past and it's all about the future or left hemisphere is designed to. is that enormous collage of the present moment and start picking out details details and more details about those details. it's in categorizes and organizes all that information Associates it with everything in the past we've ever learned. and projection to the Future all of our possibilities and our left hemisphere thinks in language. it's that ongoing brain chatter that connects me and my internal world to my external world. little boys that says to me hey you got to remember to pick up bananas on your way home I need them in the morning it's. calculating intelligence that knows that reminds me when I have to do my laundry but perhaps most important it's a little. Grace that says to me I am I am and as soon as my left hemisphere. answer me I am I become separate I become a single solid individual separate from the energy flow around me. in separate from you and this is a portion of my brain that I lost on the morning of my stroke on the morning of. broke I woke up to a pounding pain behind my left eye and it was the kind of pain. caustic pain that you get when you bite into ice cream and it just gripped me and then it released me and then it just. it was very unusual for me to ever experience any kind of of pain so I thought okay. start my normal routine so I got up and I jumped onto my cardio glider which is a full body full exercise machine. and I'm jamming away on this thing and I'm realizing that my hands look like primitive claws. NetSpend on to the bar and I thought that's very peculiar and I looked down at my body and I thought wow I am a weird looking. had shifted away from my normal perception of reality where I'm the person. play machine having the experience to some esoteric space where I'm witnessing myself having this experience there was all. peculiar and my headache was just getting worse so I get off the machine and I'm walking across my living room floor and I realized that everything inside. my body has slowed way down and every step is very rigid and very deliberate there's no flu. play to my pace and there's this Construction in my area of perception so I'm just focused on internal systems and I'm. what's happening in my bathroom getting ready to step into the shower and I could actually hear the dialogue inside of my body I heard a little voice saying okay. fossils you got a contract and you muscles you relax and and I lost my balance and I'm propped up against the wall and I looked down. my alarm and I realized that I can no longer Define the boundaries of my body I can't Define. where I begin and where I am because the atoms in the molecules of my arm blended with the atoms and molecules of the. energy energy and I'm asking myself what is wrong with me what is going on. and push the mute button total silence and at first I was shocked to find myself inside of a silent. find but then I was immediately captivated by the magnificence of the energy around me. identify the boundaries of my body I felt enormous and expansive I. one with all the energy that was and it was beautiful there and then all of a sudden my left hemisphere comes back online and it. affectionately refer to this. is La La Land but it was beautiful there imagine what it would be like to be totally disconnected from your brain ch. come on and I felt lighter in my body and imagine all of the relationships and the external world and. dressers related to any of those they were gone and I felt the sense of peacefulness and imagine what it. I would like to lose 37 years of emotional baggage. Euphoria Euphoria it was beautiful then again my left hemisphere comes online and it says. hey you've got to pay attention we've got to get help and I'm thinking I got to get help I got to focus so I get out of the shower and I'm mechanically. I'm walking around my apartment and I'm thinking I got to get to work I got to get to work can I drive can I drive and in that moment my. I want totally paralyzed by my side then I realize oh my gosh I'm having a stroke I'm having a stroke and then the next thing my brain. find but I'm a very busy woman I don't have time for a stroke it's like okay I can't stop the song. what's happening so I'll do this for a week or two and then I'll get back to my routine okay so I got to call help I got to call work I couldn't remember the number. so I remembered in my office I had a business card with my number on it so I go into my business Road I pull out a 3-inch. business cards and I'm looking at the card on top and even though I could see clearly in my mind's eye what my business card look like I. and the pixels of the words blended with the pixels of the background. and the pixels of the symbols and I just couldn't tell and then I would wait for what I call a wave of clarity and in that moment. 45 minutes to get 1 in down inside of that stack of cards in the meantime for 45 minutes the hemorrhage. bigger in my left hemisphere I do not understand numbers I do not understand the telephone but it's the only plan I have so I take the phone. can I put it right here I take the business card I put it right here and I'm matching the shape of the squiggles on the card to. the shape of the squiggles on the foam pad but then I would drift back out into La La Land and not remember if when I come back if I'd. redial those numbers so I had to wield my paralyzed arm like a stump and cover the numbers as I. how long and push them so that as I would come back to normal reality I'd be able to tell yes I've already dialed that number. eventually the whole number gets dialed and I'm listening to the phone and my colleague picks up the phone and he says to me. and I think to myself. no I didn't know that I couldn't speak or understand language until I tried so he recognizes that I need help I need and he gets me. stop in a little while later I'm I'm writing in an ambulance from One hospital across Boston to Mass General Hospital. can I curl up into a little fetal ball and just like a balloon with the last. bit of air just just right out of the balloon I just felt my energy list and just I. Spirit surrender and in that moment I knew that I was no longer the choreographer of my life. add either the doctor's rescue my body and give me a second chance at life or this was perhaps my moment of. when I woke later that afternoon I was. shocked to discover that I was still alive when I felt my spirit surrender I said goodbye. play to my life and my mind was now suspended between two very opposite planes of reality. stimulation coming in through my sensory systems felt like pure pain light burned my brain like. wildfire and sounds were so loud and chaotic that I could not pick a voice out from the background. noise and I just wanted to escape because I could not identify the position of my body in space. I felt enormous and expensive like a genie just liberated from her bottle. and my spirit sword free like a great whale gliding through a sea. Nirvana. I remember thinking there's no way I would ever be able to squeeze the enormousness of myself. play this tiny little body but then I realized but I'm still alive. I'm still alive and I have found Nirvana and and if I have found Nirvana and I'm still alive then everyone. I can find Nirvana and I picture the world filled with. for peaceful compassionate loving people who knew that they could come to this space at any time. and that they could purposely choose to step to the right of their left hemispheres. and find this piece and then I realized what a tremendous gift this experience could be what what. stroke of inside this could be to how we live our lives and it motivated me. how to recover two and a half weeks after the Hemorrhage the surgeons. sign in and I removed the blood clot the size of a golf ball that was pushing on my language centers here I am with my mama it is a true angel. my life it took me eight years to completely recover so. who are we we are the life force Power of the universe with manual de. and how. do you want to be in the world right here right now I can step into the consciousness of my right hemisphere. We Are I Am The Life Force Power of the Universe I am the life force Power of the 50 Trillium. Taylor genius is the make up my form at one with all that is or I can choose to. listen to the consciousness of my left hemisphere where I become a single individual a solid separate from the flow. separate from you I am Dr Jill bolte Taylor intellectual neuroanatomist. these are the Wii inside of me. which do you choose and when. I believe that the more time we spend choosing to run the Deep inner peace circuitry of all right hemispheres. the more peace we will project into the world and the more peaceful our planet will be. I thought that was an idea worth spreading. 