Samsung Galaxy fold unboxing video the last. from the other day but you probably already seen it by now all over mostly Twitter it all sort of unfolded unfolded. the same time several Galaxy Folds all broke in the hands of reviewers all around the. time for separate but very related reasons mine was one of them so this is the Galaxy. bricks explained so 3 days ago when I shot that unboxing I noticed what appeared to be a screen protector on the. whether I'm on camera or not I take the plastic off if it's an. all the way around the inside screen just like your typical pre-installed screen protector in fact just for a visual since Galaxy S10 sort of had a similar experience. from Samsung this is a brand new Galaxy S10 fresh out the box and it has this pre-installed plastic that basically looks exactly the same. immediately take that off so when I saw the same lip on the Galaxy. normal screen protector and then by the time I get to an area the size of like a dime and like 5 seconds full screen just. top left corner starts flickering. that's definitely not good I'm like I really just broke it like I feel like such an idiot and I kind of regret that I didn't get to keep that footage. it's on camera literally as I'm peeling at the screen goes black yeah that was clearly not just a regular. play I see a tweet from Dieter from the Verge my Galaxy fold screen broke after just a day and a whole article explaining. all next to each other in a row within minutes are other reviews. with a Galaxy fold saying hey my screen broke too oh yeah my screen broke too mine too all next to each other some ring is all thinking oh I didn't realise. I wasn't the only one but now we have all the information about the couple Galaxy Falls that had problems so of the four Galaxy Folds that. in the last 2 days these are the reasons why they broke so the first one Dieters he never messed with the film on the display but it did start to develop. bulge for some unknown reason like something got under the film somehow and that bulge eventually a day later killed the screen giving it these. he also didn't mess with the film but I look at the photos that he sent before he sending the phone back to Samsung. and it doesn't look fully intact so it might have taken some damage somehow but either way it clearly did not survive and it looks like half the display. is going completely insane the number three Mark gourmet he actually tweeted the phone comes with this layer that he thought was a protective film he peeled the entire. everything off so it must have survived that peeling but that did pretty quickly cause the death of the screen which slowly over the next 12 hours went from half black. to 2/3 black to completely busted and then mine I got a few seconds into peeling off what I thought was that screen protector and then very. massively that is exactly what broke the screen so that's two of different types of breaks the way I see it the first two from actually peeling at the film. and the other two from just damaging the screen or the film somehow through regular use which it's those second two that are much more concerned but. where is the film goes like that's that's going to happen people PSA if you are one of the few thousand people however many. ordered the Galaxy fold do not remove that protective film it might as well be basically part of the screen matter of fact des from. tweeted this photo that started making the rounds which is clearly a warning where it says on the plastic of the fold that says the main screen. include the special protective layer peeling that protective layer or using any adhesives on the main screen such as a screen protector or stickers may cause damage. you should say will definitely cause a lot of damage and may possibly break the whole thing but anyway the only problem with this warning is it must be a t. what were carrier related late edition because this text is not on the packaging of any of the review unit I went around asking other people who'd unbox. warning in their box you can go back and look at my unboxing video there is definitely no text on that film you can also watch lose video he didn't. sing there's no text on that film Joanna also confirmed she didn't have any Mark soldier knows best didn't have any either this is actually my Galaxy fold rapper. no text at all on mine which means sometime between them giving these review units and them arriving and carrier stores someone must have. even if I never tried to peel it off a film with a lip like this is eventually going to start to collect a little bit of dust and may even start to. Joanna's as she's tweeted a photo of has already started to this is her Galaxy fold that she somehow managed to resist the urge to PE. to get damaged somehow through regular use so Samsung. seeing all this in the last like 48 hours put out statement we don't really learn much from it but they did anyway they said we received a few reports regarding the main. play on the samples provided we will thoroughly inspect those units in person to determine the cause of the matter that's definitely for the ones that weren't obviously because of the peeling. reported having removed the top layer of the display causing damage to the screen the main display on the Galaxy fold features a top. structure designed to protect the screen from unintentional scratches removing the protective layer or adding adhesive to the. display may cause damage so we will ensure this information is clearly delivered to our customers so essentially that's it a folding phone requires a plastic. scratches at a level 3 with deeper grooves at level 4 if you know what I'm saying. even I am now weigh more sceptical about. Huawei mate x which I thought looked incredible but now I'm kind of concerned about that folding display being on the outside how is that going. I was never really. I'm going to go out and recommend people by the $2,000 Galaxy full I don't think most people would but there is still always lots of room. crazy new ideas actually succeed. comments I've seen actually is people. Samsung they should have waited and worked on this more until it was done and ready instead of rushing to try. the first foldable phone but the reality is Samsung's been working on this for a long time they've said 8 years of development so you can only imagine. crazy this was before and prototype form so this is the point that they got to where they felt like all right it is ready but failure is happening. butterfly keys to wireless chargers to expl. when it happens to a product that you're really excited about though I guess you don't have to say this is a failure yet because. Galaxy fold in this first generation very much feels like this like public beta test as we learn. even more things from it but I think. 2000 Folds from a robot don't necessarily. translate to a lifetime of use by a human there's a thing called user error and it's going to happen there's moving parts there's a hinge there is a. water resistance because all sorts of new things to consider with a new form Factor and this is definitely a hurdle on the way towards them getting. like a pretty big hurdle but that's the thing is I still can't wait to genuinely say like in a future video and some like 202. video where I can say hey folding phones are getting really good like that's the thing you root for in tech is for things to get good and I still think. that's all the information about. the couple of broken Galaxy Folds that existed in the world in the first couple days and what it means but let me know what you guys still think I'm going to keep using this phone. my daily driver in the next couple days for a full review and it's still going to be pretty interesting experience but let me know what you think maybe you'd still