Met Gala 2019 extra it's without a doubt one of the most high fashion event in New York is. play Global icon Priyanka Chopra up near me or start me Bollywood queen Deepika Padukone. elegant Barbie doll Barbie movie 2019 Kia of the party Priyanka Chopra Deepika. Deepika Padukone. play Chopra on Nick Jonas model today is photography and the Indian Angels in. #make color 2019 Lake in Japan. who. show me Deepika Padukone 841 yellow dress behna Hai Aur saath me at black and white. contact Google having a baby Deepika have baby bum. what happened with the dummy Google. what is channel subscribe. what is friendly so she will be the mother of us what do you have to say about I mean exactly. what should I say elaborate a little bit I met her in 2012 and within 6 months I knew that she was the one. this is beyond my wildest imagination my activity. do you know game acting cricket match. Ka. hi congratulations on the spectacular trailer I would like to ask you that you have. prepare the certain way for your period from bajirao mastani and padmaavat what kind of preparation did you go through for Sim. is it so different to switch between the two characters we did a lot of readings I go over to Rosa's office and I would sit and read with. is there any man and I think that was a very very productive process you know I had to understand Sarah's energy to understand how she is. listen to get a flavor of the script with Ashwini G who is in a film who is also an amazing actor you know to play off. in those readings I think that was a very critical and very productive process before going into principal shooting search. congratulations to the entire team and a special congratulations to ranveer Welcome to the husband's Club Action. Bean Rogersville you know you have to kind of earn your stripes you don't earn the right to on the right. do some good work do hard work do it sincerely and at some point you will get an opportunity like this and I got that and my. and we got a chance to do an ad together. the way I had experienced with a shooting process in the ad. I was like man kuch bhi ho Jaye I will do whatever it takes to try and be in one of roses films. and I think posted yesterday I was dubbing for the ad and he told me. look I have this thing and it happened there and then on the spot and that is how the story of Simba started. you know so will tell you why he taught me worthy of being in his film but for me it's like a dream come true I could not have asked for more. king of manifested and I have achieved do you feel you are very lucky to have a very powerful kind of you know performance. really people love and in fact like you might be also loving anything yeah I've been very blessed. you know it's not just me it is the writers Sajid Bhai Faraday By Us by they've written such a. guidance you know to create a character who has layers. such an Entertainer sort of a lovable Rogue I would say that. you've been used as an actor in this film really Matlab Cena puree. first first installment of the franchise sarees there's emotion there's comedy there's so much to do is very very. exciting and very fulfilling as an actor. can you go back massage because it adds a layer of. Intercity to the world and to the characters and I think they can realize. what about it is having an effect of you suddenly there is more investment more purchase in the believability of this world if you go that extra mile. to add that layer to your characterization we have a wonderful on some of actors a lot of who do some amazing work. in Marathi Cinema and you will see this man exploding on screen Dada k. 