hey what's up guys I'm to bhd here and this is your first look. has Samsung's new high stand flagship the only been talking about the one the rumours focused on it's here it's. Galaxy S20 ultra Samsung phones all coming out at once I've dropped an entire separate video on the Galaxy. 20 and Galaxy S20 plus which are the true successes the S10 and S10 plus matter of fact watch that video first. and when you're done watching that come back to this one and brace yourself because pretty much everything I say here is going to be based off of that video so go ahead pause this one. play Seen the Galaxy S20 and S20 plus S20 ultra which is this crazy. King bleeding Edge highest and possible phone that can make on paper and it's also the most expensive starting at 1400 Bucks. family and in fact you can pretty much. play everything from the S20 that's still applies here same design same water resistance same materials. excellent to insane literally everything the display is. little bit bigger is a 6.9 in 120 Hz quad HD Ola display which is nuts. it's bigger than any Galaxy Note they've ever made it's just absolutely massive to have that nearly 7 inch screen and your pocket remember. the iPad mini had a 7.9 inch display so this is huge and then with the super thin bezels and a small Center hole. but I think it's safe to say this is the best display on a phone right now or when it comes out it also has that 240. touch response to match which is twice as fast as before and you can absolutely notice all this stuff as different from any slower. play I've said before it's hard to show the difference in a 30 FPS YouTube video but in person the smoothness is incredible and then this phone is. physically bigger in a bunch of other ways to as you can tell the main one being the battery it's a 5000. play better battery now in the S20 ultra which sounds pretty impressive but the more you think about it the more that sounds like. about right to power a nearly 7 in 120 Hz bright OLED display so they got that bigger battery in there and. what sound does a bit thicker 2 now it's not like a chunk store like the you know the Rog phone or anything like that but you can see it's got some more size to it. and on top of that literally the camera bump is a bit thicker on the S20 ultra it's actually more of like a double. plateau with another bump on top of it it's not a huge deal and it doesn't actually really change the way you use the phone but I figured. that out if you care a lot about the way it rocks on a table but we'll talk more about the cameras in a little bit the specs are also bigger if you. is that same snapdragon 865 and 128 gigs of Base storage but again up to half a terabyte internal plus micro. Road expansion for up to another terabyte and 12 or 16 GB of. also supports up to 45 what fast charging unlike the 25. Max of the S20 and was included in the box I also mentioned in the S20 video that the whole lineup now is 5G capable which is true. but now the S20 and S20 plus are just doing sub 6 where the S20 ultra also adds millimeter wave on. play this so I mean this affects a very small number of people so if you're in that small group of people good to know but. good to know so they keep stacking little extra things here and there on top of the. play impressive S20 which brings us to I guess the most important part of the phone the most ultra part of the phone which is. cameras so you're getting a quad camera setup on the back again but it is again stepped up from the S20 so now on the S20. the main camera is a 108 megapixel sensor I made a whole video about this already and I'll link. hello then you have a 12 megapixel ultra wide a depth sensor and then this Square One or rectangular one at the bottom here. that is your 48 megapixel 10x hybrid optic telephoto lens so to do this. they've turned the lens inside the phone sideways kind of very similar to what we saw Huawei do with their periscope lens Samsung's calling there. folded zoom lens but basically just know it's a solid amount of glass and mirrors making this amount of zoom possible and. 10x zoom plus the 10x multiplier of software will get you a ridiculous 100x. 24 FPS video on the. camera without the Punch in that I talked about with the regular S20 oh and the selfie camera on the front goes from 10 megapixels to 40. here I don't know how much you're actually going to use 100. James zoom I don't know what you're doing with your periscope out your window with your smartphone camera I don't know but you're able to do that and. megapixels and all this stuff I think this number on paper offers the biggest possible delta between what we're. paper and what the actual experience can be meaning I preach for years that you don't need big numbers to give a good experience. pixel an iPhone for years have had the best smartphone cameras with 12 megapixel cameras so does Samsung dropping 108 megapixel camera. automatically mean it's better no of course not there's still all kinds of other. Focus speed and dynamic range in colour science and all this other stuff so it's just it's interesting to see but for being real the rest of. 120 Hz display is awesome and the generally familiar design. I think it's still nice too it is definitely still a fingerprint magnet but I like the new button layout I like the fact that they're going back to a match FL. display instead of curving over the edges just a lot of stuff like that all in one place plus the software improvements I'll make it really. you're not like this song basically ultra is Samsung's version of pro like they don't throw that pro word around as good to it asleep. some other manufacturers do right now but this is their top of the line and all the same way and have a pretty good feeling all these numbers. 120 Hz 45 what's 5000 milliamp hours 16 gigs 108 megap. like they should translate pretty well now the question of will they all come together to be worth that 13.99 starting price. that's something that means to be seen that's what we're going to figure out when we get it in hand and test it for the full review so definitely get subscribed to. that if you haven't already but I'm really looking forward to it but until the next one feel free to let me know which one are you guys more into is it. ultra or the regular S20 or maybe it's the flippy screen one leave a comment let me know thanks for watching