jimin I love you. stop before we get too far in this video a quick word for my sponsor North VPN North VPN. right now we have an epic offer of 70% off on a 3-year plan and plush if you use the code. you get 1 month nordvpn that's right get off this for free check out nordvpn.com. code PewDiePie which makes your subscription 349 per month 3. 89. per month for those that you don't know I use nordvpn is a great service for those so you don't. country blocks like on Netflix and other streaming website you can watch shows in different countries you can. yourself while browsing online as well and many other epic features I use it so I can watch the Mandalorian sorry this name not sorry. that's it for me for now go on with video check out link man has spent 150000 on numerous. can't feel his face all to look like his K-pop Idol jimin he wants to look like jimin. you know I'm not going to lie I had the K-pop bug bite. maybe. Korean at least I don't oh god I don't want to be mean but it's going to be hard. jimin. BTS is this K-pop Idol he's like a 12-year-old teenage girl trapped in an adult man's body that's what this is because that's. I'm getting bored. what he wants to be him but he also have a crush on. very very striking. some people needs to be poor okay no fence poorest in the fake Love video so I'm super obsessed with. anyone ever you fuckers ever do this on me I will shoot you I will shoot you in the face I don't have guns but I'll figure it out. companies producing these stars like out of a treadmill and you want to appropriate that when I actually watch the videos. yeah I understand. can you have some part of you that you maybe want to change but you look like plastic surgery it's not like a natural look you look like. surgery happened to your face and I don't understand how that is helping anyone I was at school and I had. last time I checked you don't need surgery for acne where's all the acne then this is very big it's horrible I can't it's very. I would like to look as close as possible to Koreans like Korean pop stars and jimin you want to look. closely as possible to Koreans that is so weird that's weird right that's weird he's like my. meet up. I have a strong interest in pursuing my my goal. that's very. it is a point like. he looks exactly like. he's got the muscles that would be amazing I'm not addicted I just want to pursue perfection. so now a year later only has not 100% reach his goal yet he's not addicted ok stop it don't. a couple more surgeries and I'm in Korea to transfer Gangnam Style. changing to look exactly like a Korean person and that's what you said in the last video I'm not changing my race I'm just trying to look ex. do you like another race not cultural appropriation. what's happening or he has. Jimmy and I love you. not everyone somewhere. I think that's pretty fair. most important reason. the first. 500 didn't do the trick but it's not addictive and. procedure is and I really love this bit I know it's going to be painful. you know if a person that clearly has done a lot of surgery already looks like you when you tell them about your. too many of the surgeries that's just my opinion Korean. I am finally back in London so it's now been 2 months since my surgery. pull up a light thanks for that picture alright so now it's time to real for the friends the friends. I can't tell the difference am I crazy I can't tell the difference he looks from plastic surgery to plastic surgery before ok. you're only I'm not Michael Jackson. he's incredibly funny because he's always forgetting. my favourite stand-up comedians always forget their bags that's hilarious. semen and BTS frequently came to enjoy meals what they eat BTS eat what oh my god. is that the holy sanctuary of BTS they probably just came there in 8 months. this is a church and she's a priest and and Jim and it's gone that's how this sounds like. the church. I don't want to just oh my god that. Dr Phil. seems like a decent guy as a person he doesn't. I am perfection. take a look at me flawless is me I'm more than just pretty great great lyrics and then. happy with himself that's the problem with this you're never going to be happy trying to pursue someone that you're not I think it's totally fine if you want it learn. rotate from other people some bits that you like but just blatantly being what is that stupid expression I hate expressions but. if I be yourself because no one in the world can be better at it than you or something like that I know it yeah it's stupid and cheesy. I like this comment as well to be honest he doesn't even look Korean and the slightest he looks like a middle age English woman who had plastic surgery he doesn't. pronounce German Wright cringe he doesn't even know how to pronounce German it seemed to me watching that interview that hey at least he knows she has a problem but. still feels good doing the surgery so that's his way to cope I feel like if you didn't he wasn't addicted to this it would have been addicted to something else and I feel for. I'm not going to lie I feel bad that he's going to undergone all of this cos I doubt he's actually happier that way. that's it for this video if you guys enjoyed it smash. subscribe and I see you guys tomorrow break never happen break never happened. matches are live. don't call yourself a gamer unless your top hearing PewDiePie's pick release climb the tears get Fame points