hi everyone I'm Deepika Padukone and because I travel a lot I'm going to show you a little bit of how I pack come on in. who said I travel with only two small suitcases I didn't say that but that's what I tell my parents I always tell my. everything on me because sometimes one day trip could become a 5 day trip when it's a longer schedule. 30 days 40 days of your filming for something then I like to carry photo frames candles my own music system that just. makes me feel at home and I think for the line of work that we're in it's very important to just be prepared for any situation. any sort of weather so I always like to have everything handy so two things I never travelled without this is. NCR shirt it's something that you can style in whatever way you want so sometimes I'll do them with je. but also these delicious. leggings I would just change and probably even just carry a pair of stilettos or if I'm. sing and then the plan changes and you suddenly want to go out this is a fun Tim Ryan. Dad I just throw on and it dresses up my look instantly what is life. some fun right I never travel without. my husband gifted them to me but they also bring a smile to my face and I usually place them right next to me on. we haven't done long distance travel since we got married but that is going to happen very. we are going to be travelling and that's precisely why these pieces have made it to my suitcase you got a sneak peek of that. but another pair of shoes I will never travel without my Nikes they go. everything that comfortable these are my go to bed Nike Cortez I always always. travel with these two pairs of Louboutin shoes you can literally wear it with absolutely. anything when I'm at home identity. for example if I was just at home or you know. put a meeting in Mumbai I would wear Justice large oversized t-shirt so you'll see I have a lot of those. Valentino oversized shirt I'd wear them with just these really cool comfortable Nike. if I was literally in and out of a studio then you. keep it easy and comfortable you want to have skinny jeans lose easy flared jeans and also. who's that just have some sort of fun element this is Stella McCartney like I love these. pawn Stars on them this is. bad actually perfect