good morning dipika I am thrilled to be asking you 73 questions yes and tell me what brings you to New York City. ever American World Cup shoes congratulations to visit when you land in New York. ABC Kitchen when did you first ever come to New York City 1999 I think. where were you born Denmark Copenhagen do you speak any Danish one word is school which means. how many languages can you speak about six and where is Home in India Mumbai can you describe India. what do you love most about it exactly that. I only had 24 hours to spend in Mumbai what should I do walk around South Mumbai eat a lot and come visit me done. and are there any similarities Mumbai has the New York Times and what do you miss most about Mumbai in India when you're away food. I would love to go there one day can I offer you something that would be great thank you. thank you and growing up what was your favorite Bollywood film of all time Mr India do you describe a typical day on. put film set a lot of hard work a lot of fun and great food Cinema or stage. the biggest similarities between the two places it's all the same what if anything surprised you about. if you can go back and. are there any film what would it be and why Titanic to work with Leonardo DiCaprio what would you say has been your most. okay an observing your multifaceted career path do you see yourself pivoting towards something different again production. I've already tried but I'd love to master a headstand let me show you. 8.5 what's your favorite way to unwind after a long day on set. binge watch and dinner perfect what is the one thing that you. consider yourself to be a master at badminton I wonder who's at the door Hey Google thank you. I'm trying to make up for stealing the newspaper I would never do such a thing. what's the most overused phrase jelly and what would you say is your most overused emoji. in a good way the heart emoji What's the phrase you wish people would stop saying hashtag what. I'm excited about in 2019 the film I'm going to start working on are you recently said one second do you want to come with me. show me good morning if you were. what flower would you be I'd love to be hydrangeas white ones now your Instagram you're traveling so much. where were you last night. hydration always hydrate what's the country you're desperate to visit that you haven't been to yet I've already been. do but I'd love to visit Mexico again if you could travel with any person as your guide who the person be. I'd like to be the guide with Princess Diana where would you guys go to India. and what would you guys do walk around eat sounds good sorry could you help me water. sunshine do you have any daily Beauty routines or rituals why should I what's. what are three things that every woman should own an amazing pair of jeans an amazing white shirt. again in 2018 I remember that one and I remember the same exact address yes and if you could wear one. experience of living with depression how did it feel to speak about that for the first time very liberating what's your motivation to do that. today's stigmatize mental illness what do you think the most common misconception is about depression that it won't happen to. what's your life Mantra live love and love what does feminism mean to you equality how do you. tell me about where feminism is currently in India it's in a great place but we still have a long way to go if you can have a debate with anyone in the world who would it be. little children because they're so innocent and what would it be about about how they so cute and. Coldplay in. towards the end of this interview and I believe we talked about you showing me some dance music. what's your favorite color to wear white what's your go to karaoke song. what's your biggest pet peeve what's your worst habit I think I clean up too much what show are. play binge watching right now Ozark how would you describe your sense of humor honest. what's the best advice you've received from your parents to be honest what's something you've learned to love with age to be authentic that's important. okay ready I'm ready let's do it. oh my gosh okay you show me. Bollywood beats flossing blessing you better trademark that all right I'm out of here. play