sultry sexy exotic my first guest tonight. what's two parts with equilibrium actress and singer please welcome the movie star who is not only known in her City but also globally. play Chopra. all right Priyanka Chopra in the house welcome back. play season 4 Koffee with Karan thank you very much thank you for being here yet again can I ask you a question. and that may not offend you and there's nothing you can ask me anything will offend you everything I want to know where you swing on this whole. actual device where does it come from because I saw you in the song in ram-leela The Ram chahe Leela it was like a moving. machine song I thought it was like completely sexy I want to know where all the sexy people comes from it's just the way it is I've never. it's it's. give me the shopping list. like I said you've been doing actress and singer and going between like LA and Bombay and it's all been fun it's always been fabulous it's difficult. it's you know I'm traveling ridiculously and all of that's fine but you know where in Bombay or in India and you know. is actor to be a complete ranked newcomer in another field in another country altogether it was is extremely challenging and it's a completely different culture. well clearly you were the performance of last year but our next guest tonight is definitely touted to be the. from a non-performer to being an absolutely stunning. she truly has come a long way ravishing raging at the box office and thought it was being one of the top actresses of her times please. play some Deepika Padukone. you felt bad I called you a non-performer in your earlier work you agree with that analysis or you think Paragon will kill us both. I don't think I can judge my own performance but no I didn't feel bad you didn't feel bad now you're over that whole what. when was last time and what happened on that couch with you it was all good everything was sorted out did you take a while. could you sort it all out after that are you have you gone past it with ranveer. add money and still have that kind of understanding and chemistry which I think if there was even a slight bit. any kind of awkwardness so I don't think that experience would have I don't think that film would have turned out like that it was yeah. this is my favorite favorite part of the show it's the traffic on YouTube. a life-size poster of themselves baby reacting one word to the following people parineeti Chopra Tisha. who looks best shirtless ranveer Johnson Riddick. have you kissed someone and regret it no go skinny-dipping with your boyfriend I'm currently the number one actress in. what true or false. if I have both of you underperform to expectation is it because. what kind of the star that the last rapid fire caused in your life is that why you kind of kept it a little I talk about your performance let's talk about the store in your life. play the brewing coffee cause the stuff that was a lot said and done nothing but it's all in our house I think it's just. sometimes when things are said in humor we tend to kind of over over Annalise overreact we sometimes