Bollywood actors who cheated on their partners. Ranbir Kapoor Kapoor family spoiled brat ranveer is famous for his Playboy image in Bollywood. he was in relationship with many beautiful actresses including the pickup at the cone and Katrina Kaif. but each and every time run be dumped his girlfriends and jumped into another relationship. even cheated on his first Bollywood girlfriend Sonam Kapoor Akshay Kumar. auction was a big time flirt in Bollywood the actor got involved with many heroine including Aisha jhulka raveena. unfortunately he used to dump and cheat on his girlfriends as he took his relationship. what's in a casual manner even Akshay Kumar's wife twinkle warn him when she got to know akshay's extra. play affair with Priyanka Chopra Saif Ali Khan self. play cheater husband when he started dating an Italian model Rosa Catalano when he was already married to Amrita Singh. after annoying says extra-marital Affairs Amrita left saves house with Sarah and Ibrahim. Karthik Aryan cardigan is the new Playboy of Bollywood after getting Bollywood. Karthik was. in relationship with Fatima Sana after that Karthik was seen dating Saif Ali Khan's daughter. Sarah and Karthik broke up recently as Karthik is now dating ananya Pandey. Hrithik Roshan as a married man really got involved with many co-stars like Barbara Mor. file divorce against her cheater husband. traffic Shahrukh Khan strange but true. my son's husband Shahrukh had an extra marital story with his Dawn to co-actress Priyanka Chopra gauri Khan. red-handed during the shooting of Dawn 2 and band Priyanka from their production house the red chillies entertainment. Aamir Khan Aamir Khan in love with his present wife Kiran Rao during the shooting of. I'm gone at the time I was already married to his ex-wife Reena that afternoon. how much extra marital Affair Reena decided to leave separately after 16 years they ended their marriage in 2002. Farhan akhtar it was one of the shocking divorce in Bollywood. put on sex while I do not have any broke their marriage after 17 years married Farhan was in relationship. what is Rumer girlfriend finally got separated in 2017. Arjun rampal both Arjun and his wife Meijer were facing a. marriage because of urgent extramarital affair with Suzanne Khan do the extra marital relationship. 21 years of marriage. play Dave Gunn Ajay was having an affair with Leading Lady of Bollywood kangana ranaut but he ended it. sometime this affair is one of the secret extramarital Affairs in Bollywood. Amitabh Bachchan big and Rekha just love story created a real bus in Bollywood. veteran actress Rekha confess her love for Amitabh Bachchan in an interview there extra marital. where was like an open book in Bollywood harshvardhan Kapoor. Sonam Kapoor's brother harshvardhan Kapoor is the new Romeo of Bollywood he was secretly in relationship with Sarah Ali Khan. and after Sarah you also cheated on khamoshiyan filmed sapna B