I do believe in miracles and sometimes if you pray hard miracles happen so I can only pray for that. I think very very sad and strength power. love recovery sonali killer I think husband. turn Family Guy 78217 is fighting this and. sing it beautifully and I pray to God keep going to clean version of regarding the. also you share a great comma Raji with sonali bendre G since you know she is she. delete her battle with cancer did you have any conversation with her or something that I don't want to talk. also you. play kamaraju with sonali bendre Jesus you know she is she has revealed her battle with cancer did you have any conversation with. some holiday music. turn on all our prayers I adore I love her big fan and she's a wonderful girl or a Smith fighting Spirit has I'm just praying that she. and she's got prayers from all across the world with us we're just sending a lots of positive energy but it just makes you realize cuz. because we believe we're leaving a really fit lifestyle and people who are super fit Cubby Cubby and choti choti cheeseburger and you don't even realize so it's. call to take care of your health to be tuned into your body will be working most of our life but you got to pay attention to your. go to sleep to everything you know to do the best you can to stay fit and then if something goes wrong God forbid then you just have to be a fighter. sonali is one of my favorite actresses. all my prayers are with her and I hope for a speedy recovery. play prakash Rossi London. be able to overcome it. satisfaction. on kitchen. tell me what about that and what you want to say I just I mean I've known about it for a couple of days and I just want to send sonali lots of love and strength and. yes I adore I love her big fan and she's a wonderful girl out of my fighting Spirit has I'm just praying that she finds herself. lots of positive energy but it just makes you realize cuz sometimes we. did you take care of your health to be tuned into your body will be working most of our life but you got to pay attention to your diet to your sleep. everything you know to do the best you can to stay fit and then if something goes wrong God forbid then you just have to be a fighter and I know son. sonali is one of my favorite actresses Google. God gave her and her family strength. call my prayers are with her and I hope for a speedy recovery my life. if if health is not. you know the best at this point I think it is yes it is important for all of us. play not just waiting for people who you know I think every day in fact that's a small little prayer I say for myself and for everyone around. peace of mind and and being healthy and. yes I think the last couple of weeks have been emotionally challenging. I have no words. family. we will never be able to understand. my blood is so cute