hi everyone. thank you so much for joining me today I'm really excited to be here in this which is my insta live and. how I made it series of conversation with extraordinary women thought leaders. play hosting these insta chats with you as a part of our special weekend it's been a lead up to our annual. turn off the other Awards it's been an incredible year we've had a lineup of some incredible women achievers. what do you in three parts since Friday today being the finale at 6:30 p.m.. don't forget to. set on our social media channels honestly the best way you can honor them is by by witnessing. remarkable remarkable stories I'm very excited to talk to my next guest today and to introduce you to her. for me she is one of the smartest storytellers and filmmakers in. maker of the Year award in 2019 yes she. but I feel that her success lies in. play king's very very Sleek Slice of Life Productions that are honestly as modern. I loved I loved her entire body of work. Gully boy so without further Ado I'm going to go and connect with the. what's a talent that is Zoya akhtar. you should join us. how are you very well how are you very well it's so good to see you it's been very long. torches I'm sure as we talked to her people thinking of how to make a movie out of this year in the most bizarre Twisted ways. I mean it was good for me in a sense I personally I think I needed to stop and you know assess. I am somebody that you know like if I didn't work for. mostly it was good for me but what was actually disturbing for me was the news. it was disturbing what was going on and it was disturbing how people were affected and it was disturbing that people lost their livelihoods. so that was it incredibly disturbing but personally for me I think it was it was needed. all I remember was watching a poster catching you reading megha mazumdar. yeah yeah cuz I have the reason I wanted to chat with you is because like I was before introducing you I was saying that this. play The Weeknd where we bring to the audience our annual women of the year was not something we feel very very proud. and it's really special to us specially because we're a team that's run largely by women for women and all of that. so the series of conversations that we've had is called how I made it and was everybody is very very familiar with. I really want to do is break it down a little bit so that people get insights to the. herbal steps you've taken to reach where you are so my first question to you is I I have read that you started being you started. when you were 19 and then you assisted directors like me and I are Tony Tony Gerber and Dave. was it a given that coming from a film family this was going to be a part of call this was going to be your. because I really I love dogs so when I was a kid I thought I'd be over there and then I realize you have to really study so. the thing that happens is that you surrounded by. have we watched so much Cinema and you don't realize because you surrounded by artists and your parents are discussing. and you would fill in a very different way you know so we would watch a movie and then it would be dissected. Paw Patrol short so you start looking at him you just taking a lot by osmosis and you start looking at differently and I used to. and. the late 80s early 90s which is when I was in college. I should maybe be a writer you know and so I was thinking I'll start copyrighting but I saw. for all the right and the wrong reasons there's been so much about words like insiders and. where she sort of defended the Genesis of this word. viewing what nepotism really means and she's like. like you said you grew up in an environment that was immersed in. what is what do you feel about this coming from a film family tag. call advantages because like you grow up in Austin so you even before. I knew I was learning about writing I was learning about writing it's the train it's like if you were growing up with. just so you know how to navigate the industry the second thing is because you grow up in the industry and those people are your parents friends. those doors open for you you know and after that there is no advantage. but that's it I mean I am born and bred in the lap of. she took me seven years to make a movie my business and then he came and made a movie. call me my friend Regina Ryan lived in Muscat went to Woodstock went to Xavier made a movie for us before me. there is no standard rule it doesn't you know if there's no such thing as a go because you are. everything else is dependent on your content. understand also I think there's a. turn off position of power like public broadcasting. I have public money I have other people's money and I take that and I take those advantages and I favor someone. absolutely absolutely when you favor your own child or your own friends child. all your neighbors child with someone else's resource but if it's your own resource you favor who. yes there is access we have access and we have an understanding the English have an understanding of the business. but if you make a list I'm not joking. play you make a list of all the actors working today there are more people from outside than inside you make a list of. list of the top 10 directors and you tell me how many. and this is India we function I mean I get calls from. hey can you meet my kid he wants guidance I'm going to say yes this is someone I went to school with this person. I am going to talk to this person's child this is who we are as people as a society we are going to help each other. who we are so I need to turn on it's my money it's my phone it's my risk it's my reward I'll put it. that's only going to get you to a step it's going to put you. but why are we giving breaks to act as children you tell me. the media is constantly promoting them and the audience is constantly clicking on them this is the data will make for getting. exactly. what you want to watch newcomers please buy the ticket there's this film which won the best film and Mommy is. who was. it's one of the best performances I have seen right I need to try and publicize that film. also on one hand you are not giving the attention when you should be and on the other you are the one running behind the star kids so. it's easy to give these terms and tags into you know make stories out of things went on exist I think it's just easy doing. people refer to you. the woman filmmaker. play YouTube and I think it's gotten better because of the sheer number of women that are in the industry and every year fantastic. sorry I lost me because yeah I'm getting. phone call from homie and I thought. it's a big thing in all this female to make us very strange that you are you have to keep mentioning my gender it's very. and now I think it's. do you feel any bias do you still do you feel any gender bias at all no. you know what the truth is and I'll tell you something this is where I feel my real privileges which is I grew up in a family. play it was really not like there was no disparity between my brother and me and it's not just my unit it's my extended family and. there was never any form of sexism in our family. you kind of don't recognize the sexism for a while. you know what I mean you've never experienced it so it's not in your radar so it actually. took me a while to pick it up because even if it happened I was missing it because I don't approach. I like my approach to things only comes from a very. I need to work hard because I want to be a good artist and. I want to be better at my job you know and I want to be authentic to the story and I wanted to make money. but I never my gender never comes into question because I've never been made aware of it as a kid and I think that was a real advantage. I have not really experienced it. what do you see a Reese Witherspoon production house where she takes on women writers and she she Translate. text books that have been written by powerful women for authors and turns them into movies and you see you know you see. you did the morning you had the Jennifer Aniston Reese Witherspoon show the new show The Morning Show why do you. Camilo sense of collective coming together this sort of a movement coming together in Bollywood women are banding together more and more to create. tell interesting stories is that happening I mean if you think about it like a show like made in heaven. excellent entertainment which is a rotation and you know the thing even though they have three female directors that work. all the lights in every capacity from the producer of producer or directors every capacity but the show like made in heaven. it had four very big female directors that came to get to make it so that was a Shiva stop it. but as a. was four different women that came in and put this out and it's mainly with female narratives within within. you know it's not always like if you're women you should put out women stories know exactly. is how you managed to not just give a. open India but without even realizing at your highlighting so many issues that need to be highlighted whether it was. you are subliminally feeding. what's important messages is that a part is that very very important to your film making process and the kind of. movies you want to do is that an approach that just is that something you consciously work towards I think so. because I feel like there has to be certain relevance and I don't. I feel a resonance you know you're doing and what you're putting out. and somewhere you need to. put your Consciousness out there you know you have a very massive platform and what you're putting. what is going to live on Beyond you you know and I mean all film needs to end it in. I love watching movies and I'm not going to watch something that's boring me or giving me a lecture or preaching to me or telling me you know about like. I want to be entertained but within that if I can be lifted within that if I can see A New Perspective within that. bacon somehow shift you know those are the things that have stayed back with me and that is what I try to put out you know. all right within the framework of that story you know alright alright no matter what. are you system your politics your point of view your prejudices everything comes out in your work. we have such a massive platform and we are speaking to so many people that it's an opportunity don't miss it. what made you take that leap at that time I mean it was the smartest sleep ever and look where we are and how this is burst and Blossom. what was you know I I remind me about storytellers we. I have both so we have ideas that can fit different formats you know sometimes you have an. that would be best suited for the short film because you know it's got that much stretch in the thought you know yeah. ideas that won't be good for a movie they need to be you know the characters need to play out but they made in heaven you can. what's the different formats and we were very lucky when OTP came. we are we want to make films we want to tell stories and we don't really care what platform we are doing it at. and he find the song you know I mean every format has its advantages and disadvantages and. has there been a different sort of is it more instant is it far more is there a different segments that you're reaching that you didn't. it's it's got a bigger residence abroad. that was the first thing that actually went on to Ott and. it was the last stories on Netflix and it was insane the kind of feedback we got. I hadn't met in 2 years that do not did not know what I was doing they were calling him like dude I just saw your. so that was a bit of a shift because you actually play in those countries and everybody has. access to that work and you are on a global platform and suddenly you're competing with the best of the world you know so that was a. which book of the otd. then it does sometimes on in terms of a theatrical this went right and this is going to. so I think it's a very good thing. view your work will it change aspects of the business does that mean you will have to change the way you treat your craft and. are you worried for the post-pandemic for life post-pandemic as far as movies Cinemas. has been written off since forever. this is. the foot falls before covid. screen I want to go there it's like a community experience I'm never going to watch a movie in my house on my. it's a different. experience they cannot be interchanged nothing is replacing the big screen. experience and it's something that is so in our DNA that it's not going to go let go fantastic. filmmakers a certain creative license for some very very honest storytelling with. new censorship rules coming in what are your fears how do you deal with it as a filmmaker today as a Storyteller today. OTP it's a massive disadvantage because you are censoring you are we are not going to be able to compete like I don't think Daddy would. do not do that and do not. so you're telling your audience that they they're not fit enough to watch anything you're not allowing your film Mak. you know stuff like that like like everywhere in the world you can't like that sensing the internet. I mean there are so many women women and I'm going to see women filmmakers not in the way that everybody else says it but there are so many women. who wants to get into the business and enjoy the kind of success you have if you could have given. is any advice from all that you know today if you could if you were starting off again and you know everything you know today what would you have. Lose Yourself then. sometimes we think things are not coming our way and it's like it feels all wrong but. what is such a thing sometimes it just takes longer and you got to hang in there. can you go to not let that delay or maybe someone else's lack of understanding or. yeah you've got to stick to what you're here to do. funny if someone tells you the script is bad don't be like you don't understand it like listen here you know so you. also known to take feedback and realize if there is a problem and can you improve or. is Stenson waiting there is Merit in Waiting you've got to know that for yourself. keep going. this show that starts shooting for Netflix on the 7th of December with the new director which we have. sing with Excel last today your friend when we was on the chat you can say hi to him. don't be greedy you already shooting what you shooting. producing I'm going to get into made in heaven just now season 2 we. I'm bored one dog series it's Hispanic plus we are developing our next features remind mine. one of the one of the trappings of being a creative is. how do you deal with it. how do you get inspiration how do you find yourself back again what do we do. I think if you can afford to you know and if you can't afford to take a break then do something else you know if you're working also do something else like if you're stuck. leave it leave it for a while you know I I tend to like if I'm working say. play Zindagi like if I'm writing something and if something is bothering me I'll just stop it for a while. reading books about road trips maybe I'll you know look at a film. maybe I'll do something connected but I'll see my head in another way you know and just let it go for a while and then. you know I honestly don't believe that the muse. I mean as a writer the only thing you really need is discipline you have to sit. if you say you're working 11:00 to 4:00 you bloody well sit at that laptop or book or whatever you write on. you have to be there like you can't go away from it because then. a very long time because I think the discipline just breaks it through. I'm going to ask you a whole bunch of Rapid Fire questions now not current kind of Rapid fires but. rapid fires. tell me a book that you read recently that you would be excited to turn into a movie. I mean. it's. Adam Falcon he's a writer work with him of course of course. from all the you have pictures of writing jobs yeah. I mean at West Wing was just the most seminal piece of Television viewing ever who is calling you now. think differently has been an inspiration in more than one way it's not just a terrific actor but somebody was left an impression on. because it's not so much about my creative process it's about my entire mindset it's about. it's about gratitude I think I learned that from him I think I learned to keep reminding. That's How Lucky I Am that I'm doing what I love. latitude and that Zealand zest I've worked with him and then he's been a superstar I grew up watching him. he's got that kind of energy and that kind of. I do tell us where was it like working with ranveer Singh what was the best part of working with. the most annoying part of working with him nothing about it anyway. the best part of working with him is that you just know I mean you just know you're going to get such a slamming. performance you know you know that your character that you've written is going to be translated in a very authentic manner. and at the same time you I also enjoy the ride with him it's just not. bleach and water comes up I love being on set with him I enjoy the process you know like it's fun. super sensitive he's super bright and I enjoy working with him like I feel like. we create something good like I feel like if I work with him something good is going to come out you know yeah right everybody seems to be. asking if there is going to be a Zindagi Na milegi dobara about the other part 2 any answers for. two different kinds of chapters with it but I don't think it would be like a two in that way I think we do we. I think they should just be left sometimes. I don't want to see a part two. ray ray ray ray ray ray is that is there any Star you haven't worked with that you really want to. talk with your phone and I would have really loved to work with him. Rani Mukherjee I want to work with the pizza I mean. the prime minister of New Zealand. I think Andrea. she's a filmmaker I adore she made a movie called fish tank and she made a movie called American Honey she's an incredible makeup. I think who else. alive. play Baca the 1920s writer the human I would definitely like to have. what's the show you're currently binge watching. 80 universe is there any woman protagonist that you're very drawn to that you feel is just incredible. a woman protagonist in The Ott universe that have absolutely loved there's so many. have you seen the show. all the women in that I like the women in big little lies I like that I love the women in. is there any interesting International European World Cinema or even a Hollywood. is there a difficult to think you can do it well you know but I would like to. Chicago yeah all of those yeah. director you think best exemplifies and captures the slice of life kind of movies you do in India. overseas like who isn't who is a international director you think that does beautiful slice of. how many indoor different like I love but know about. he's done he's done many things I love. American Hustle and he did the fighter and he did do you know what I'm talking about now. yeah I love Ariana. amazing I love whales I mean and I love the other. Cinema ticket you know I love Marcus Garvey I left you know I love. Kathryn Bigelow you. young women are watching this because I think when I started my career 27 years back I was constantly searching inspiration I was constantly searching. who had done it before me so I could emulate my life on their part if you could give just any advice to women who want to. are there any things is there any Insider secret you want to. is there anything you would tell them to do like it could be as prosaic as much more movies or read more books but. what do you think has really helped you that you would like to tell them. you must know your shit like know your story inside out and if you want to be a director the biggest thing that. director needs is that's so funny someone just wrote nepotism underneath funny stuff you see some. in the sense that you know you. as a director what you really need to know is what your story is about what. text of the story is what you're trying to say what is your perspective what is your point of view so know that know your characters inside out. play backstories write the world they come from a figure out what you're trying to say look at the social or political Dynam. tell the story of figured that out because to do everything once you have that ready now you know what the mood is once you know what. your DP comes to light. do you want to say you are fine. how to solve the part of it know what you want to say through the story I think that is yeah I think that's. and thanks and beer for joining us it was a pleasure. lots of love to use Zoya and stay well and stay safe and I'll see you guys thanks a lot