the lives of Bollywood actors is no doubt filled with luxury and comfort but there are certain moments where these actors are caught in situations. you're very embarrassing Tracy man brings to you a list of times these Bollywood celebrities were caught in an oops moment. aiming for. turn both these lovely ladies met and exchanging a kiss suddenly the camera captured and oops moment and it is visible that Katrina. it was a side that everyone enjoyed seeing and both the ladies must have felt em. Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt are too cute looking couple of Bollywood and they made news from. very first movie when these two cute friends were doing Masti the camera captured panties Limelight moment Varun. set an alarm captured the right thing in the right moment and even these both stars were unaware. play talking to handsome boy and suddenly the camera captured something really awkward and later everyone asked them. where is the time going Aamir Khan and rakhi sawant how many is one naughty guy who can be captured in looking at ladies in. play at the time of Doom he was captured looking at Katrina's legs and now I'm going to couldn't resist the temptation of having. something unusual and captured him when he was looking. news for various reasons but we must say that when it comes to Siddharth and Deepika. spoiled boy Anil Kapoor and Anu Malik. how old is Ron Charming Man of Bollywood and Anu Malik made this dashing man everyone was asking Anu said why he was chasing. what is lips the camera sometimes capture the oops moment and here it did when both of them were captured in the most shocking position. Twinkle Khanna and Akshay Kumar. shouldn't it have been a private moment life is not easy. you're a married celebrity couples as well Jackie Savant and Mika Singh the kids that made it to the news headlines and yes we're. give her a reason to get. both of them patched up the guys. what do you think about this let us know in the comments section below hit the like button for the video and subscribe to Daisy mad for. Bollywood School