puppies who were in love but never married Salman Khan and Aishwarya Rai. different serious relationship for a long time and about to get married but the seriousness. one sided only later Aishwarya also told that Salman used to get physical with her Abhishek Bachchan and. they were deeply in love with each other from their college days their family also. prove that love affairs but after getting official engagement Bachchan family called it off due to lots of issues. with the Capo's Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif. not only in live in relationship but also spending vacation at romantic places even Katrina was invited. many times in Kapoor family but suddenly Ranbir broke up with her for another actress. Akshay Kumar the only shared sizzling hot chemistry on screen also they made a great couple. sing and everyone love this couple once Shilpa call Akshay cheating on her back and she. talk with him last week love story ended in a nasty breakup Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif. Salman was always quite open about his relationship with Katrina both of them going great. also took entry at his house but things change when they decided to break up and Katrina got engaged with. after that Sanjay dutt and Madhuri Dixit the game closer at this set of Sergeant. everyone got quite shocked when the beauty queen got engaged with arrogant and alcoholic Sanjay. Madhuri decided to break up when Sanjay who was accused of Crim. kisses Salman Khan and Sangeeta bijlani she was the first serious relationship. play of Salman Khan it is rumored that their wedding was also on card but things changed when Sangeeta. Salman was dating with other actresses behind her back finally they broke up. Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor they accepted their relationship in front of media. and the entire Bollywood was waiting for them to get married but because of child's poor career graph at that time. Karina decided to leave him and become the wife of nabab bipasha Basu and John Abraham. we got completely shocked when this 10 years long relationship ended overnight both of them bought their breakup. play in front of the media and that was the end of their relationship Ranbir and Deepika. they were not only engaged in love but also move to live in relationship to know each other better. what about to get married but suddenly they broke up and Deepika moved on with ranveer