this channel is extremely interested in always turning back time. are we visiting summer bollywood's most embarrassing Ventures most of the films that we will be focusing on in this video from everything post the 80s till. play 2000s the moment my dreams from illogical action scenes but the Unapologetic patriarchy celebrated in a vintage films. while the heroes have no rules these films also reflect on what may be. creators also stood for their in having a direct impact on the viewers watching the film too so let's just get to it so here. brighten the fuse Productions with five embarrassing Bollywood movie scenes you won't believe exist Maha Shakti sholli so in the 90s as. directors just for their star. paycheck in 1994 the cape popular. in this category a movie about a truck driver played by the Mahindra who crosses paths with the good and bad people and obviously ultimately comes to. play the day for comedic relief they have these two friends who are up to no good throughout the film and just to get close to a girl dress up as women. just never stop throughout the sequence and this moment of making puns do a parent is uncomfortable at best. mud the 1985 Manmohan decide directed and Amitabh Bachchan star Amber was the high. 1985 if over the top action and tracking logic are the window would have been a sport than one Moen decide definitely mastered it the open. clean itself portrays how India is still under the British rule and some British soldiers steal artifacts and goods from afford and are taking the richest. but until Dara Singh comes to the rescue the band literally comes on a horse avoids every kind of bullet even though the soldiers have all. definition in the world and in order to stop the plane that is about to take off literally lasos one of its wings and ties the Rope to a post. do the dancing goes to the gym period. fire stick so the old and definitely much more horrible version of sholay was the 1991 film for the State starting with. no I don't know whether the character was a sex addict or not but the who played by vinod Khanna is obsessed with breasts in. at any point that he interacts with any girl that has voluptuous assets what do do do do do do do children like that in one instance as he finds. your girl is performing at a bar he greets her like this song. Mehndi Rani Mukherjee is a very capable and talented actor who is proven with the choice of films that she has a Keen Eye and. what's a good script showcasing stories of strong opinionated and independent women however this is not the case especially in the early part of her career in the late 90s. we have previously discussed how Pauling her debut film Raja Ki aayegi baraat was what a court order the woman who has been raped to accept a man and marry him. play 1998 film Mehndi The Narrative isn't much different the girl is right to an abuse of household that constantly mentally and physically. rani's character goes Leaps and Bounds to save a husband who has been put in jail even if it means following herself respect and sleeping with. out of the house calling her impure. nothing is more disgusting than the defense attorneys plea for divorce even though nothing happened. the 2001 Hamid Ali directed from Mary adalat is the. play watch the movie starring methane is about a journalist and a police officers love affair and how a murder case leads to crossing paths and where is characters. play alliances and relationships however one of the most cringe-worthy scenes is when a boy gives a lecture to a girl on why he despises her and he doesn't. she is marriage material for him nothing could be more offensive than sexist than these dialogues by Vishal bakshi to his girlfriend in the film. please don't forget to follow me on Instagram that handles right in front of you follow me and Jamie pants for also please support us by Smashing the like button and subscribing. what channel for weekly content ahead thank you for watching