I love you we love you I love you I got a lot to you I love you too I got to get to I want to get to the song but what year you've had first of all. what does recap for you just this is what happened to you you're in Jumanji and Jumanji made almost a billion dollars worth. and then even the best news the biggest news the coolest news you got engaged to our buddy. I got to tell you she is the most fun person we love her so much. chocolate Chopra how did you how did you meet well we met through a friend so we got connected first over. text and we started talking for a while and it was about 6 months before we met up in person and then we actually attended the Met Gala few years ago. had a great time but it just you know just friends in our lives are kind of taking us to different places and the thing but that was funny as people would ask us both. can you tell the story sort of wrote itself but you know we then met up a couple months ago I think 5 months ago now and. please give her give her my best she's one of our favorite is she here is she in the car. or Home Country in Mumbai and my parents came along and we did this beautiful Roka ceremony is a confirmation from both sides of. family are they approve of of the engagement and then there's some beautiful prayers and in a connection just for the family have a chance to. time to meet and and hang out and get to know each other it's really incredible and you know we both left that ceremony so full of. what is prick no no no no no no no no no no no no I don't like that. tell me the story about going to the Golden Globes and it must have been exciting I was exciting for you and you go yeah I lost but. play Samantha Golden Globes I was very excited I was so honored to be nominated for the song and it was a real career career milestone for me and I'm. sing the audience of my brother who came with me and and they announced the award and we lost or I lost me and my car riders and I was devastated I was really hoping it would. grab my. here he gets one and I'm hanging out and I've heard all this talk that Michael Keaton is arriving soon people are always been Michael Keith coming over he's going to come over I'm thinking to myself. and I kid you not I'm walking and shuffling into our thing with the beer and I see Michael Keaton it's like. put my beer on the ground and he's right here and the bag falls off in slow motion. beer and it spills below his feet it didn't hit. and I'm wondering now if you know that it was me and he just ignored it or if he was so mad that he just let it go I don't know. how many minutes is the coolest Mexican. goodnight not only are you writing before me songs but you're also writing and performing a reading movies. I'm from Jersey and I hadn't seen a lot of these classic mafia movies so you get your kind enough to get me a gift basket of all the movies and I watched them all most of them. that I actually wrote a play about the son of a wise guy in Brooklyn New York. Gino castelluccio and we're doing our second reading of the play next week. so I'm going to give you 50%. take me to the show that's all I need hey thanks for watching me in love with Nick Jonas stops by the show if you want to see more interviews Skechers and games with me and Nick then click below. subscribe to The Tonight Show